<Author>okatty
<Content>Enjoyed the Watertown!! We stayed at the Watertown Hotel for a UW football game and it was a great choice. We walked to the game and didn't have to worry about parking. It was a long hike but a stop off in the university district on the way made it fine. I would probably stay Downtown if I didn't have a university event, but for anything related to UW, it is great!!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>svick
<Content>The Watertown is Great We discovered this place on tripadvisor, and the reviews seemed too good to be true. Turns out to be just what we were anticipating. The property is close to the UW campus, which is not a problem. It is also close to several non-chain restaurants, which was great. We walked a few blocks and had our choice of high-end to low-end local joints! We had a corner room/spa suite on the 6th floor and it was huge, with lots of space. It is a very contempory design with similar furnishings. Parking is complimentary in a secure parking garage under the hotel, which is fantastic. Free breakfast and happy hour were both done very well and selections were good. The staff was very helpful. We had spent the previous 5 nights up by Vancouver doing the outdoor things, so we enjoyed just hanging out in our room, watching a movie, enjoying the spa, etc. We were here 2 nights. We drove downtown for a few hours during the day, and the drive wasn't bad (we avoided the early morning and afternoon rush hour traffic). Their 'carts' are okay - we got the romance cart, with cds and the player and it was nice to have the music in the background. All in all, my wife and I highly recommend the Watertown, and will stay there again if in the Seattle area. We live in San Antonio and hope to get back there again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wanda&ted
<Content>Ranked #1 for a reason This was my second time at the Watertown. Everything was the same as the last time... wonderful! The rooms are VERY clean and spacious. Linens are great. Service is great. The breakfast was plentiful and good. Free parking, if you have a car. Although the parking spots can be a bit tight which led to several cars hanging over to take up a second parking spot. People... be considerate! I liked how the television could be reversed into the bathroom. Nice feature. Also, the closet was accessible to both the sleeping area and the bathroom. Cool! Maybe the only problem I could find was that the blinds on the window don't give much privacy. I like them open for the light to come in, but the neighbors are a bit too close for complete privacy. The Watertown should know that their staff (especially housekeeping) are great and that they should pay them well! It was a very nice stay. No wonder they rank number #1.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tieliot
<Content>I adore this hotel Staying at the Watertown is always one of the highlights of my trips to Seattle. It is truly a home away from home. The room layouts are wonderful and the staff friendly and helpful. The amenities (such as free shuttle to downtown, complimentary breakfast, free bikes, specialty entertainment carts) add to the pleasure. On my most recent visit, we did have a glitch. The room I'd reserved and called the day before to confirm was not available when we arrived apparently because of the late check-out of guests before. The night manager arranged for us to have a complimentary room at the University Inn just a block away. Nice to have one night free but, I would have much rather been in the hotel I love from the very beginning.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Bournemouthlady
<Content>You have to try this Wow. What a fabulous hotel. They even write to you if you fill in a comment card to thank you. You have to stay here.Do not hesitate. I could not fault a thing. Now this is really important. You MUST go to the Italian Restaurant Mama Melina just up the road. You MUST try the meatballs and spaghetti and the Risotto. We ate there both nights we were at Watertown. The staff will direct you, no more than 5 minutes walk. Bring expandable trousers and be prepared for a wonderful meal!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FarAwayStar
<Content>Greeted w/ Warm Cookies!       The great mirror and bathroom  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Les-Tonus
<Content>unique is right ! It says on the website that this is a unique hotel, and they are absolutely right !It was easy to find, easy to park (the hotel has its own underground car park), close enough to Seattle to take a short bus ride to the waterfront (although too far to walk), but just a very nice relaxed hotel with a difference. The rooms were nice, very spaceous, and very unusual design with the bedroom area and the bathroom sharing the same double sided wardrobe. The rooms are clean and well equipped, and the offer of reserving a veriety of carts for the room to keep the guests occupied (board and card games, video, painting etc to name but a few), is a novel and very nice idea. The complimentary breakfast was great, as was the fact that 24hr coffee was available in the lobby area.All in all, a good place to stay, either if you're visiting the university or hospital district, or just need a base from which to explore the fantastic city of Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ladybug-cougar
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I attended a football game at Husky Stadium last weekend and looked for a hotel close to the University area. The Watertown had good reviews on Tripadvisor so we stayed there and we are glad we did. List to follow: new hotel, nice staff, comfortable bed, spacious and clean room, good breakfast (no charge), Starbucks in the room and at breakfast. This hotel has a free shuttle to the downtown area, space needle, university stadium and university shopping center, which we used everyday. We didn't rent a car. Would always stay here if attending another game.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MyManao
<Content>Watertown Hotel -- A Great Choice For UW and Seattle Area Visit My daughter and  stayed here to check her in early to the UW dorms in August '08. We arrived a couple of days ahead in order to tour the university district and Seattle in general. Excellent location relative to UW and nearby university scene was a great plus for our purposes. Excellent location relative to freeway (I-5) ramps and other major roads made outside exploration easy (ample free parking ain't bad either). Very helpful (if young...but weren't we all at one time?) staff tolerated my requests and questions quickly, w/o a hint of annoyance, and always with a smile. Free continental+ breakfast was a nice touch, as were the free bicycles (nice for touring campus). Rooms are sizable, clean, and adequately appointed.It's not the 4-Seasons, nor is it the Plaza, but if you've got a reason to visit UW and/or want to tour around the general Puget Sound area, but don't want to deal with the big hotel scene, I strongly suggest staying at the Watertown. I will be bringing the rest of my family here throughout my daughter's next 4 (I hope) years at UW.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Megs1722
<Content>Beyond Expectations Good free breakfast, quiet, awesome big rooms, wonderful free shuttle, safe with key card access in elevator, very helpful staff. I wish they had this hotel in every city I visit.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pickledust
<Content>Great attention to detail Fabulous staff! Beautiful imaculate rooms and all of the little amenities made it a memoable stay. Watertown has raised my expectations for other hotels.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chicagoite
<Content>Great hotel, great staff Was spending 4 days in Seattle in August and based on trip advisor reviews we chose the Watertown which was a great choice. The staff at this hotel goes out of their way to assist you with everything. I was traveling out to Seattle by Amtrak and was arriving early in the day. They were able to arrange an early check-in which was really appreciated after spending 2 days on a train! I took advantage of several of their carts while there ...it was great to have a computer in your room...had problems with the printer working but I was able to print my return trip boarding pass at their computer at the front desk with no problems. The breakfast is great...not your typical dry breakfast buffet...they did have all the usual suspects...i.e. granola, bagels, etc...but they always had scrambled eggs and some type of breakfast meat every day. There is coffee and tea available all day long long with a short wine tasting in the late afternoon. They also have a free washer and dryer available for guest use. Another big plus. We chose a corner suite which was absolutely great...very roomy and comfortable. If I had to be picky and find something to fault them I would say their housekeeping could use a little help..there were stains on the couch and the comforter....I had to flag down a housecleaner to vacuum my room ...the same piece of string had been sitting on the floor for 2 days so I know they hadn't vacuumed . But overall my experience here was very good and I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>ParticularPortland
<Content>Staff is tops! I was scheduled for knee replacement surgery on July 28th at the UW Surgical Center. Since we are from Portland, the surgeon stipulated that we would have to remain in the Seattle area for no less than 10 days after the surgery (infection etc.)The Watertown Hotel was listed on the UW Housing options sheet for people needing a place to stay before and after the release from the hospital. After checking it out on the web, I booked a board room. My wife and I checked in on July 27th and stayed for 10 days, departing on August 6th. With limited mobility due to the operation, I was apprehensive about what would I do during that extended period of time. But, from the moment we checked in, the front desk staff were incredibly welcoming and cordial to a fault. Breakfast was hosted daily as was happy hour and hoer devoires in the evening. The wine, food, and surrounding ambiance was wonderful and the guests that were there during our stay seemed to enjoy the experience every bit as much as we did. Our room (board room) was specious and open. It definitely helped to create a positive feeling, both from the amenities that were included to the views of the outside surroundings and scenery. The staff went overboard in insuring that we were comfortable. Our last night was our anniversary and the staff sent up a superb bottle of wine and also told the GM at Daniels Restaurant to provide us with their exquisite seafood salad combination before our formal dinner. Talk about pleasantly surprised!We're sold and will definitely be back. The Watertown staff conducts itself as if they really care about you and the fact that they go the extra mile seems to be perfectly natural in that setting.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>opieluvCA
<Content>Just try it! You'll love it! This place is truly amazing! Yes, it is a bit out of the way for the Seattle hot spots in downtown, but that is what makes it extra special. It is really only a 10 minute drive from all the action. From the moment we arrived, the staff was very nice. We came in very late, but our room was ready and it took less than two minutes to check-in. We had a studio suite and it was spacious, spotless and nicely equipped. The king bed was truly comfortable and our kids (5 and 10) stayed on the sofa sleeper and did not complain once. We had a gorgeous view of Mt. Rainier out one side. There is also a microwave with a free popcorn package, a coffee maker, and a little refrigerator in your vanity area.The hotel is VERY secure....front door locked at 10 pm and a room key is needed to access guestroom floors at all times. The FREE parking garage (YES, FREE) is also secured pretty well.The evening beer, wine and soda coupled with veggies and snacks was really nice and the breakfast in the morning was worth its weight in gold! Scrambled eggs, breakfast meat, cereals, yogurt, bagels, muffins, oatmeal, Starbucks coffee and Tazo teas...all made for a great start-up meal. Just remember to GO EARLY. By 9:00 the place was so crowded we were sitting on the couches to eat. Not many tables! We went at 8:15 and it was very nice.The hotel also has a mini general store right in the lobby and their mark-up on items was not bad at all. I think they added about $.85 to a $1.90 quiche from the market up the street. It is a GREAT little store with drinks, snacks, microwaveable meals, etc. We also partook of the FREE washer and dryer on every floor. That was awesome!There isn't all that much around the hotel to walk to with the exception of Mamma Melena's up the street (excellent Italian food in a very relaxed setting with superb service). The neighborhood was a bit scary at first with a few rundown houses and homeless folks, but it wasn't bad at all. There is even a Trader Joe's market nearby and we got some microwaveable stuff for dinner one night and saved a TON of money. We also tried the Portage Cafe down at the Watertown's sister hotel, University Inn, and while the atmosphere was pretty cool, the service was horrible (waitress was rude and apparently at the end of her shift) and the menu was mostly organic/health food so it was different from what we are used to. It was not bad at all, but it wasn't all that great and the prices were a bit high, in my opinion, for a college town eatery. My advice, skip it.The staff at the front desk was always gracious and ready to help in anyway they could. We used the complimentary shuttle downtown to pick-up our rental car and the driver was very kind as well.My only complaints:1) The cart system, while a great idea, was a bust for us. We tried to get the movie cart so we could watch a movie (no DVD players in the rooms) but whoever had the limited number they keep onhand did not return them while we were there so we never got one. They either need to rewrite the policy on the amount of time a cart can be kept by guests or put DVD players in all rooms. We also tried to borrow a movie from the VERY limited DVD collection only to find that the one we wanted and that they thought they had was not in the case and had likely been stolen. Bummer! 2) One elevator of the two was broken during our stay. This made for VERY long waits to move between the 5 guest room floors, the lobby, and the two levels of the parking garage.3) There are no bellman so you do have to move your own luggage. Thankfully, they had two carts sitting by the elevators, but only two.4) There is no real drop off place in front. It is on a one way street and there is no driveway or valet or anything. You just have to pull up and get dropped off. At 10:15 p.m. when we arrived, there was a HUGE tractor trailer with cars on it so we couldn't even pull up in front!!!I would definitely stay here again if I wanted something a bit less expensive than the giants downtown but clean, comfy, and up-to-date just like the good guys!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Rumples
<Content>Great comfort in the University District We stayed four nights at the Watertown and were extremely happy with our spacious room. It had a comfortable king bed, robes, Aveda products, a safe, an iron and ironing board, a wireless connection, Starbucks coffee and a cable TV. Our room faced the street, but we heard no traffic noise. We did hearoccasional footsteps above us, however. The cleaning staff did an excellent job daily and the place was immaculate.The hotel has friendly, upbeat staff, who are happy to answer questions. On weekends, freshly baked chocolate chip cookies (the aroma fills the lobby) wait for guests at reception in the afternoon and a big bowl of apples is available. A Happy Hour (free wine and beer plus snacks) starts at 5:30 p.m. on weekdays.A small gym is located on the main floor near the breakfast room.The morning buffet includes fresh fruit, such as sliced oranges, honeydew melon and bananas; three kinds of cereal; baked goods, such as bagels, muffins and small scones; scrambled eggs and bacon or sausage; two kinds of juice; 2 percent and skimmed milk; and coffee and tea. The room is too small, though, to comfortably fit the number of guests who often arrive at the same time. On warm days, it is possible to go to tables outside, but Seattle is rarely warm early in the morning.Free, secure parking is an added bonus. You can simply park the car and take nearby bus transport Downtown or reserve a ride on the hotel's free shuttle (with a tip to the driver). The bus takes about 20 minutes to get downtown. It is an easy walk to the University of Washington and its museums and to shops, restaurants, movie theatres, etc., in the University area. I recommend the Cedars at 4759 Brooklyn Ave. for reasonably priced cuisine from India. The Burke Gilman Trail, for cyclists and pedestrians, stretches for miles about three blocks away from the hotel. I highly recommend the Watertown for visitors who do not need to be based Downtown.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rocket-scientist
<Content>Outstanding choice for Seattle Wa The Watertown Hotel is an outstanding choice for a place to stay in Seattle WA. Hotel is near Washington University. The rooms are modern, spacious, clean and comfortable. Hotel staff very helpful. Value is excellent. Weekday afternoons happy hour with free beer, wine, etc. Free shuttle service was provided to downtown tour buses and attractions. Lots of free private parking and an excellent security system for accessing room floors. Included breakfast was also better than most.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimthestonemaker
<Content>Modern comfort and style I enjoyed my stay at the Watertown Hotel. If I could have only one word to describe I would use clean. The hotel staff is fantastic, very friendly and hospitable.They have a thing called ala cart, I never heard of such a thing but I took advantage of it and highly recommend you do the same. There is a list of ala carts available, it is a complementary service, you pick off the list, call the desk and they deliver to your room. ex. I got the spa cart one night, it had shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bath salts, foot bath/massager.Breakfast is nice, lots of fruit, scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, cerials, muffins, juice, Starbucks coffee (of course)... not to shaby.They have a happy hour in the early evening, good selection of beer/wine, cheese, olives...Parking is free and very secure. The building is very secure, you have to use your room key to operate the elevator.I took advantage of the shuttle service, I was dropped off and picked up right in front of Cutters Seafood by Pikes Market. There are several restaurants within walking distance (3 blocks to a mile). I walked to Kai's Bistro/Loung about 3 blocks away, good happy hours, cheap eats and drinks.There are lots of bicycles available for use.This hotel is tops on my list and I don't plan on staying anywhere else when I am in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>belize2000
<Content>Infrickincredible! I loved this hotel more than I can explain. We stayed for just one night the last night of our Seattle  Vancouver trip, and I found it to be the most comfortable and definitely the best value for the money. Seattle just isn't a very cheap place to stay. Granted, this hotel is in the university district, and so it's not quite as convenient as staying right downtown. But the same hotel downtown would be at least double the cost PLUS parking each night (we payed $30/night earlier that week).They've thought of everything at the Watertown--from the Aveda bath products to the complimentary wine/beer/snacks evening happy hour to fresh baked cookies at check-in (try the chocolate chip coconut macadamia ones--yum!) to the filtered tap water to the little general store by the front desk to loaner bikes to complimentary Starbucks coffee and tea round the clock in the lounge area to free parking to complimentary breakfast buffet to apples for the taking in the lobby to microwave and fridge, etc. Obviously, I could go on and on. We also had a great view of the city in a corner suite on the 6th floor--fabulous! One of the nicest parts of the Watertown was that we didn't feel nickel and dimed like we did at every other place we stayed at. I didn't even see a tip jar for any of these complimentary services--so refreshing (although we did tip the very helpful front desk person--maybe the manager--for above and beyond kindness)!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trscholz
<Content>Enjoyed the Watertown! Felt like I was back in University! Our family of four stayed here for 3 nights and we loved the location, price and free underground parking! My son especially loved the free breakfast each morning. The theme carts were a great idea, especially for the kids and ordering them was no hassle at all.The room decore and layout was fun, trendy and the kids loved the double access from the bathroom to the bedroom through the closet! The hotel is very much a serve yourself style hotel....when we requested a corkscrew and wine glasses, we were told they would be at the front desk for us to pick up. I have never had to retrieve my own requests before, they have always been brought up to my room! I suppose the lower price you are paying as compared to downtown Seattle, is that they don't have doormen or valet or experienced high end hotel staff! Think college, dorm room style!Overall, the experience was great and we would stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>patriciadev
<Content>Wonderful Service The Watertown provided excellent service for our stay. Karen was especially helpful and a joy to interact with! Make use of the shuttle, the free breakfast, the a la carte ammenity, and the free bicycles. The more we talked to the staff, the better our stay became.Patricia, Lake Charles, Louisiana  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcblue
<Content>nice offerings but pricey greeted by friendly/helpful evening staff (great recommendation for dinner). Free underground/secure parking was bonus. Room was clean, comfortable with nice touches of alcohol pads by phone/remote, filtered tap water, micro, fridge  safe, robes for lounging (though not worth the $75 they were selling them for), cozy bed/pillows. Arrived late in evening so didn't partake of ala carte carts. The shower was decent...head high enough so my kind of tall husband didn't have to crouch, rounded curtain rod but shower/toilet area small to begin with, could have had more/larger towels available, Aveda products. Large sink/counter area but could have used the space to make shower/tub/hotel larger...especially in a suite room. No phone by bed, alarm clock complicated but not utilizing wake up call or alarm so didn't care too much.Breakfast  eating area was decent. I've had better buffets (no waffles) but lots of healthy choices. No highchair so eating w/ toddler challenging and no car seat available for us to utilize complimentary shuttle to shopping. Unfortunately fire alarm went off @ 6:45 AM (toaster in kitchen). Did try to extend stay and negotiate lower rate since we would have to change room. Morning desk staff not quite as helpful/friendly. No discount offered even w/ alarm snafu. Overall...a bit overpriced even for 'boutique' hotel though it had nice offerings. Have never stayed in a hotel that was unwilling to negotiate on rate. Good job by housekeeping - room immaculate. Don't get a room near ice machine. I felt guilty getting ice @ 10PM because of the noise.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>sketchy321
<Content>Nice room, ok location       bathroom area  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>europe-chick
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Hotel.We stayed 3 nights at the start of a month long trip - this was one of the nicest hotels we stayed in during our trip.Good choice of items at breakfast - only downside to the breakfast is that there are not that many tables and occasionally we had to wait for a table.Free shuttle to downtown is ideal if you don't want to drive in as parking is expensive. Free parking at the hotel.Loved the cookies n Starbucks coffee available 24/7. Loved the Aveda toiletries in the room. Our room on the 6th floor had a fantastic view of the Seattle skyline (think it was 603)Room itself was very spacious and modern, clean and looked to be fairly newly refurbished. Would not hesitate to stay here again or to reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MacNews
<Content>Outstanding service and quality Stayed at the Watertown for a second year in a row as it is close to Gasworks Park for the fireworks on July 4th, was very pleased with the service. We used the shuttle for the first time and it was very convenient, dropping us off in the heart of downtown and operating until 9:30pm, not bad for a free shuttle. The house-keeping was great and came quickly when called for more toiletries. The 24-hour workout room (Rare for a hotel) and free breakfast were nice bonuses.The only frustration was the lack of inputs on the TVs, so you cannot hook up a Wii or any game system to it. Evidently the DVD cart comes with its own TV because even the staff cannot hook anything up to it. Overall a fantastic stay, 5/5.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loves2Live64
<Content>Nice Suburban Hotel Nice chic hotel in the area around the University of Washington. Great breakfast bar and afternoon drinks and snacks. The shuttle driver was great - he will drive you the 10-15 minutes to downtown. The rooms come in different sizes. The two other families we were traveling with had larger rooms - see if you can book something larger (especially if traveling with kids). Small well-appointed workout room. I was disappointed that one of the 4 cardio pieces was broken and the staff did not seem too concerned about getting it fixed. It hindered our family of 4 from working out together. Movie theater and restaurants in walking distance.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nandme
<Content>Loved this hotel BUT......... We recently stayed at the Watertown hotel for one evening. We loved this hotel when we arrived.... it's very clean, stylish, friendly and had some really nice touches that other hotels don't have (like the carts you can choose to make your stay more enjoyable.) We were feeling like we had found the best deal in Seattle until.... we slept in the bed. The bed was extremely firm. I generally travel with a memory foam pad when we travel because I like a softer bed but... the memory foam pad didn't make one bit of difference on this very firm bed. We called down to the desk the next morning to see if all the beds were this firm and ... unfortunately they were. We were planning to stay four evenings but... had to switch hotels after one night due to the bed. They were very understanding and accomodating and tried their best to help us with this situation. If you don't mind firm beds, this is a beautiful hotel with lots of accomodations and very friendly staff.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>leaners
<Content>Favorite Hotel in Seattle What is not to like about the Watertown Hotel in the University District of Seattle? It is just too wonderful... We have tried a few different hotels in Seattle this past year (our daughter is there) and, bar none, this place is just the best! What a lovely and fun boutique hotel! Reminded me of a favorite hotel in Venice Italy, with the Watertown's nod to Italian modern/funky/functional design. . . with reasonable rates (Seattle is expensive!) and accommodations that capitalize on comfort and a warm and welcoming staff. Perfect!I am very particular (as my husband well knows) about hotels.How delightful to find a beautiful and chic place that has truly comfortable beds, in spotless, 'hip' decor rooms that are quiet (I am a light sleeper), efficient and include secure parking and a better than average breakfast (not just cereal) in the rate. (Rare to find a Seattle hotel without an added daily parking rate!)And it gets better: you'll find a treasure trove of bests in Seattle to check out, courtesy of the information-rich Watertown Hotel Directory that is in each room, listing unique, local, staff favorites for everything from restaurants to Seattle sights (we asked for a copy to take with us... they graciously obliged); then there are the theme carts that are no extra charge, which you can order - spa cart, game cart, movie cart... too much fun! And the little fold up pocket map they give out, is just perfect for navigating your way around the main Seattle sights - Downtown Seattle is an easy commute from the Watertown; if you don't want to drive, check out their shuttle system. Points beyond Seattle sights are within reach as freeway access is close by (but not too close!). And spend some time off the beaten path of downtown to check out the U District, Wallingford, Ballard - and other nearby Seattle treasures.Even in the gray, drizzly days that Seattle frequently serves up, the comfortable accommodations and warm hospitality at the Watertown will definitely brighten your visit... What a great find -Thanks, Trip Advisor... that's how we found the Watertown, and your rating was spot on!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moe_Ipak
<Content>Great Experience - We would definitely go back From the beginning to the end a great experience. The price was reasonable and very convenient for where we wanted. I know it's a little far from Pike place but it's not that far. I spoke with Karen Floyd, and she is one of the friendliest staff to deal with anywhere. They also booked our round trip transportation from the airport which was smooth at a very reasonable cost. The breakfast was free and there were a lot of options. The amenities in the room where great. Free tea and coffee 24 hours was a great service also. The nice warm cookies in the evening were great. All the staff was more then friendly to assist you with anything. I booked a rent a car with enterprise and they gave me a discount because the hotel recommended it. They are about half a mile from the hotel. The spa cart was nice. They had a crib in the room as requested. Overall a great experience and I for one would go back in a heart beat. For the price I paid, I think I got more.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scuby20
<Content>I LOVE this hotel!!!!!!! I recently stayed at the Watertown Hotel, and I LOVE it. My daughter had to be seen by a doctor at the Seattle Children's hospital. We wanted to stay at a hotel the night before, since her appointment was so early in the morning. She is only a year, and takes a lot of work to get ready in the morning, and coming all the way from Olympia is a long drive so early. I read the reviews prior to booking and decided to go ahead and book a night there. They offer a discounted rate for families that have kids going to or staying at the hospital. I called several hotels and asked them if they had a hospital discount, and while they did it was MUCH more expensive. I was also concerned about safety. I wanted inside rooms, and secure free parking, which is very hard to find in the U area. They had a very secure garage to part in, and the elevator would only take you to the lobby if you don't have a key. You have to have your room key to get to the guest room floors, which I think is just Wondeful!! really makes you feel secure. After we checked in, we went up to our room and we were quite impressed. We love that the closet doors open from the living area, and the bathroom area...so you don't have to tramp naked to the bed/living area, you can access your clothes from the bathroom area. Most hotel's closets are on the other end of the room from the bathroom. They also provide 2 robes to use while you are there. Their bath products were nice. the tv was pretty cool, they have it on a swiveling/slididng base, and you can actually turn the tv and watch it while you are getting ready in the bathroom. The mirror and sink area are seperate from the shower. For women, this is a plus. We don't have to stand in the steam to put our makeup on, while our husbands/kids are taking a shower. the room was small, but the way it is layed out, we had plenty of room, even with our stroller inside the room. Now here is the best thing. They have these alacartes that you can request, before you arrive and it will be waiting in your room when you get there. They have a Seattle one in all the rooms, but you can request another one. They have artistic ones (that come with things to draw and paint and such) they have a movie watching one, an internet one, where they bring you a laptop and printer, and many many more. The one thing I would suggest to the hotel, is make the full list available on line, and when customers call to book an appointment, let them know about the many carts. But this is minor......We arrived at the hotel to late to request one. (there are certain hours only that you can request a cart)....We didn't realize they had a baby cart, with toys, wipes, takalong bibs, plastic kid spoon and fork, disposable sippie cups...lots of stuff perfect for babies.....and they include several outlet covers, so you can plug up the outlets and not worry about your baby sticking something in them. Well we asked the front desk clerk Jessica who was Wonderful!!! She not only suggested a great little italian place just a few blocks away....she said she would see about getting the baby cart and putting it in our room....even though the hours to request one is closed. She was just so sweet and nice, and gave my daughter a little rubber ducky that she got to keep. All of the staff were so nice and more than willing to bend over backwards for customers. We got there to late to enjoy the wine tasting on weeknights, but I'm sure that would be fun. We did partake in breakfast and I enjoyed it. Some other people commented on the quality of the breakfast, but it's free and it's available for several hours......when you are trying to get a 1 year old up early, and dressed...it's nice to just stroll downstairs and get some breakfast. I have stayed in a lot of hotels over my lifetime, and most continental breakfasts don't have hot food.....they have scrambled eggs and sausages. along with bagels, toast, muffins, scones, fresh fruit, SOY MILK (what hotel offers that?, none...this one is great), milk, OJ (it did taste a little sunny D like, but hey it was still good and nice and cold). Their muffins were really good. They also had yogurt (wonderful for kids, my daughter loves yogurt) and several different cereals....The coffee and tea are available 24/7....so that is a great thing too, though they give you a bag of starbucks coffee and a coffee maker in your room too. Overall this experience was Wonderful!!!!! I am not a really picky person, but I am a clean freak and this place was Spotless. My husband travels a lot and stays in a lot of hotels around the world, nice ones at that...and he can always find some mold or hair or dirt in the bathrooms....I'm telling you, I'm a germaphobe and this plact was SPOTLESS. So spotless, I decided to give my daughter a bath that night before her doctor appt the next day. They even had a bath mat to put down, so she didn't slide around, and it was clean too......The beds were comfy, and the option of 2 different kind of pillows is just awesome!! I usually bring my down pillow everywhere, because I can't sleep with anything else. I forgot to bring it this time, and had no problems, I used one of their synthetic pillows, and it was Great....obviously from nice quality, not a discount store special. The sheets and comforters were nice, and clean! I have never written a review on a hotel before, I'm not usually one to do that unless it's really bad, or really really good. This hotel exceeded all of my expectations. I have never been treated so nicely by staff in all my life...they are just wonderful. I thank Jessica (the night clerk on the 2nd) for bending over backwards and getting my daughter the baby cart. She really enjoyed it and I can't tell you much that was appreciated. The morning staff were just as nice, and just ooed and awed over my daughter, and they were all talking to her and saying hello....she was the center of their attention for a few minutes, and she loved that. the Only thing I would suggest to the hotel, is update their hours of the cart availablility and the wine tasting in all the rooms. I found like 4 different times for all of them, and wasn't sure the real time lol....but that is so minor it's hardly worth mentioning. My daughter unfortunatly has to have surgery next month and we Will be staying at this hotel for a few nights!!!! I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE coming to the area. They even have shuttles to take you to the local attractions and hospitals...though we drove ourself to the hospital, it's nice to know if we didn't want to we could have requested a shuttle to take us there.This hotel is top notch and I will be staying here again. Thank you so much for the wonderful stay, and we look forward to another wonderful stay next month.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markasaurus
<Content>Nice hotel, but the furniture needs to be replaced I had stayed at this hotel once before, about two years ago, and was very impressed at that time. I was planning another trip to Seattle and was able to get a great rate through AAA, and saw no reason not to return. On looking at the first room, we realized that all the furniture was filthy. There were strange stains on the ottoman, and the couch. We asked to be changed to a new room, which they did immediately. The new room was only slightly better. I'm not saying the room was dirty, because it was not. The furniture clearly needed to be replaced though. I put this on the comment card and we were emailed after returning home with an apology from the manager and an assurance that the rooms would be taken out of service and the problem remedied immediately. I would still stay there again, the breakfast, wine tastings and complimentary bike rental more than made up for the shortcomings.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelwork
<Content>good experience overall I just got back from a few nights stay at this hotel, which I chose after reading all the glowing reviews at TripAdvisor. The reviewers were spot on in prepping me for the ups and downs of this hotel. I stayed near the Needle when in Seattle last year and had done some exploring then and had figured out the city somewhat, so was curious about staying in the U district and wasn't disappointed with that choice. I agree with another reviewer that it is important to know what you're doing if you're going to stay near the U vs. downtown or Queen Anne. But the hotel has a shuttle service with very accommodating and helpful drivers, it's easy to use and readily available, as is their car service which you can reserve for rides to and from the airport. I used their car service for a one day conference in Bellevue and was pleased with how that worked out. The hotel also can call cabs for you if it's not during shuttle hours, and they come right away and are helpful too. The front desk staff was pretty good, helpful and friendly. Every once in a while I asked a question that confused them, but there was someone else to ask and they did their best to make sure I had correct answers to my questions. Fitness room was adequate - heck, Seattle has so many outdoor fitness options, including bicycles and helmets to borrow at the hotel - so you don't have to settle for the fitness room as the only option. Breakfast was adequate as well, more than ample choices and it was decent and available over several hours which was nice. Breakfast and happy hour with wine and beer and little snacks on the weeknights were included with the room price. There are plenty of other hotels in Seattle in higher price ranges that don't offer nearly as much as this place does. The rooms are pretty nice, a little on the small side (at least the studio I had was a little small, but you're not in the room that much), but they seem European in feeling, with windows that open and very clean and well appointed, lots of nice pillows and modern fixtures and bathrobes and decent bath products. The A La Carte option is also fun, and a nice free feature. AAA discount offers decent rates. And on the last night, since housekeeping forgot to make up my room, the front desk made a special deal for me to make up for that disappointment, which was greatly appreciated. It is a wonderful selling point to have that kind of service which is more than willing to go out of their way when it's their oversight causing a guest disappointment. I don't always find this level of service at hotels that are more expensive, so it goes a long way when hotel staff are willing to pay that extra attention to guest comforts and complaints. The Watertown certainly has another fan!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	3	4	2	

<Author>Genovapernoi
<Content>Is this a boutique hotel or Hampton Inn wannabe? I have some mixed feelings about this place, though in the final balance of things I would recommend it. Here are my compliments and (not huge) gripes:on the plus side:--very comfortable bed, nice selection of high quality pillows, excellent small lights/sconces for restful evenings, handy fridge/microwave/coffemaker--WINDOWS THAT OPEN -- and large ones at that, with wonderful views. Nothing like sleeping with fresh instead of bottled air.--great that they filter the tap water--if your room is near the ice and soda machines, don't worry -- they automatically turn off at 7 p.m. so no white noise! (products still available thru the night)--very friendly staff, who try to help--TWO bathrobes in the room! (I always wonder about those many places that only have one in the room -- when so many people travel in pairs).on the minus:--online reservation system/auto. confirmation letter does not include promised room rate! you just have to trust them that the price will remain the same...--They are VERY kind in offering that you can come behind the front desk and use their computer/printer to print something out without charge. I realize this is very unusual. However, their software is VERY old so don't count on it being able to recognize your file!--The coffee in the room is a Starbucks pack and of wretched quality, and no cartons of 1/2 n 1/2 or milk offered -- only yucky unhealthy powdered creamer.--One of the outside key-entry doors along a side of the building doesn't work well, maybe not at all, and the staff seemed aware of the problem but it wasn't being addressed.--USA Today delivered to the door instead of the Seattle Times? It's a Seattle-themed place -- how about offering a local paper instead of the most low-brow of national rags?--Cramped looking workout room means you're working out virtually on top of others -- just a bunch of equipment piled in there -- my workout room at home is more spacious!--The breakfast buffet, while ample, is not worth the time and effectively wastes an opportunity to have a great meal in a great foodie-lover's town (HORRIBLE coffee, juice not fresh and some more like Sunny Delight, scary looking pastries definitely not freshly baked or high quality, scrambled eggs looked like they were reconstituted powdered variety). This is the thing that makes me think that it's more like a Hampton Inn or H-I Express. And then, once you start to see the affinity with a motel chain, other details emerge in the same vein -- the ice machine plop in the hallway, the low quality TV, the absence of staff/services that would normally be present in a boutique hotel.All that said, the price was great (we paid $159 for a standard room), the location is perfect if you know what you are doing (people who complain about this didn't do their research!), it has a positive and personal feel altogether. We would certainly be willing to stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	2	

<Author>bdancause
<Content>Great room and service, but inconvient location My husband and I stayed at the Watertown for 6 nights during a recent business trip. Overall, we were very impressed with the quality of the amenities of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. The location, however, was fairly far from the downtown tourist hub.Reservation ProcessWe were part of a group reservation for the beginning of our trip so I made my reservation directly through the hotel. The person taking our reservation was very helpful and courteous. When I asked what the rate would be to extend our stay past the room block, she quoted a reasonable rate. I told her that I was going to first check if there was anything around that rate downtown and get back to her. She strongly encouraged me to do so soon since they were filly up quickly. When I looked online, everything downtown was 1.5 to 2 times pricier than the Watertown, so we decided to stay here. The reservation agent also gave us the name of a town car service we could use for airport transfers. The service was cheaper than taking a taxi.RoomsThe rooms were very modern and pretty spacious. The corner of the room had floor to ceiling windows. No special view but allowed for a lot of light. The bathroom had a separate vanity area from the shower/toilet area which made getting ready easy. I also liked that the TV was on a swivel and we could watch the tv from the bath while getting ready in the morning. We had 2 queen beds that were the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on before. I really liked that they color coded their pillows (white were hypoallergenic and cream were feather). The maid service was attentive enough to notice that I had a definite preference for hypoallergenic and made the bed up accordingly each day. The bath products were Aveda. I was disappointed that we were only given shampoo, bath bar and lotion- I was counting on conditioner which we did not get.I did not make use of the cart service (a unique amenity) but had a colleague who ordered the Spa Cart and loved it! I wish I had known about it before checking in and I would have reserved the Sweet Dreams cart (there are more carts available than just those listed on their web site).The rooms also had a mini-fridge (empty) and microwave so you could grab something lite from a nearby store for a snack. Breakfast was remarkably good for a free service although the juice glasses could have doubled as shot glasses (they were tiny). We took advantage of the the free happy hour one 2 nights and liked mingling with other guests. We did not make use of the bicycles but saw many that did. The rooms were very clean (although my carpet seemed to have a stain) and would pass a white glove test for dust.ServiceThe staff were always very pleasant and quick to acknowledge me when I was around. They would ask me if I needed assistance even before I got a chance to ask. We asked for advice on directions and restaurant recommendations several times. Shuttle ServiceThe drivers were very friendly and knowledgeable about the area. My one complaint with this service is that it fills up very quickly. We had to pre-plan all of our trips downtown and had to plan based on when a spot was open on the shuttle. It is not available on an ad hoc request basis as I thought it might be. We also had to share with the sister property at University Inn, which competed for seats.LocationThe biggest drawback for me was the location of the hotel. If you are not a fan of walking a lot, then the location can seem like it is in the middle of nowhere. We walked about a mile away to a local neighborhood area for some eclectic restaurant fare. The University is about a 20 minute walk and the downtown area requires a 20 minute shuttle ride (depending on traffic). There didn't seem to be any appealing restaurants in the immediate vicinity.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GatorSteve
<Content>Nice, buuuuuuuut After reading all of the great reviews we booked this hotel for our pre-cruise stay in Seattle. We had advised the hotel that we would not be arriving until very late (actually the next morning) . After flying a redeye all the way from Tampa FL and arriving at the hotel at 3 AM we were told by the night auditor that he had cancelled our reservation but could put us in a room, whatever at this point but he put us in a room with 2 double beds, not the king we had guaranteed. After going down to the desk again and pursuing it we were finally shown to a very nice suite which was an upgrade over our original room. He couldn't figure out how to correct the rate but assured me it would be taken care of by the manager in the morning. Sure enough the next morning I spoke with the day manager and was assured it would be taken care of. After enjoying the breakfast provided and a day of sightseeing in Seattle, we returned to find the room had not been cleaned. Once again, I contacted the front desk and after an apologie the room was cleaned, sort of, they made the bed and changed the towels but did not vacuum or even give us fresh coffee for the coffee maker. The next morning at checkout our bill was indeed corrected to the proper rate. I asked the desk clerk to call us a cab to take us to the port and instead they called a limosine service they use. The price was only $25 so I didn't complain but it wasn't what I asked for. Overall, we found the hotel average at best. The Avida products and furnishings provided a nice touch and the free shuttle downtown was convenient but the problems we had though somewhat resolved don't allow me give a better review. NO traveler at 3AM who has guaranteed a room should EVER have to worry that there room isn't available after it has been paid for. There is NO excuse for that. The proper way to have handled it after holding us up would have been to comp the room for that night , especially after it wasn't even cleaned the next day. All in all sort of amateurish way to run a hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>chgo207
<Content>nice but some problems I just returned from a two night stay at the watertown hotel. the location can not be beat for access to the university and it is just a short ride to the downtown area. the rooms are comfortable, the breakfast is excellent (for a complimentary buffet) and the overall feel of the hotel is very nice. we did however encounter more than one problem with the service which is billed as legendary........the shuttle driver was on time but not at all friendly or helpful with suggestions or directions (beyond handing us a map when we exited the van). at the hotel, our requested wake up call never came. the car service (which is affiliated with the hotel) that the hotel staff set up for our return trip to the airport, did not show up (they finally did call us a cab but by then we were late and it was more expensive than the arranged car service).I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a place to stay in the university area but at the same time, I would caution you to not depend on the staff to make arrangements for any plans that are not flexible.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>MasterDJ
<Content>Watertown compared So many nice hotels to chose from in Seattle, settled for 2 nites in Pan Pacific and 1 in Watertown. This due to location as we needed to go to the zoo for daughter . Watertown is about 5 minutes away driving from zoo. Downtown is actually close too.While PP was a business like modern classic, Watertown was a Hip modern. Even the room key jacket is a clever folded map of Seattle. The hotel itself is new and very nice. Things i did not like, although not a big minus:- Nice floor to ceiling glass window walls did not have a liner curtain but only the thick light blocking one. Although one assumes that it is dark if looked from outside, not confy to walk in undies with curtains up unless u r a stripper or in good shape( I am neither). Specially since we are facing a construction site and lots of workers. Also our room did not have much outside lighting so had to have lights on most of the time.- Construction noise/view was bad during day. But this seems to be common sight in Seattle as we had the same with PanPacific room.- My wife felt the bed was a bit on the soft side for her likings. I guess this was compared to PP.- Coming from the PP awesome bathroom, Watertown's was small and no separate glass shower stall.The outstanding plus:- Parking underground hotel is free/great, elevator connects to lobby and room. - Well stocked free breakfast, although nothing out of the ordinary. Compares to a hampton inn ones.Other observations:- Wifi would not connect even though it sees the net( No, I am not network illiterate). Used the provided wired lan. No prob.- Did not use any of the amenities, which looked very very good.Overall, can't go wrong with this hotel. Will be happy to stay again here. But as a middle age level family, on the pampering level, we preffered Pan Pacific of the two.If going to Seattle in April, make sure you go to the tulip festival. Acres and acres of colorful tulips. Will make your lady smile.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Hyakamooks
<Content>Amazing Service! I was here for a conference (held in the hotel) for a week. The staff is incredibly helpful - we were a very needy group and they met every need with a smile.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smitty615
<Content>Excellent Hotel Choice in Seattle I spent six nights here at the Watertown and cannot say enough good things about this hotel and the service. Many extras not usually found in a hotel at this price range make for a very comfortable stay: free Internet, cookies in the afternoon, free Happy Hour every weekday, hot breakfast, complimentary shuttle service to downtown, and much more. The front desk people could not be nicer or more helpful. The rooms and beds are very comfortable and very clean. An excellent choice overall.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CMJEdmonton
<Content>Great stay! I stayed here during a conference near the university. It is clear that a lot of effort has been put in to making a stay at the Watertown a relaxing, enjoyable experience. The staff was helpful and friendly, the room spotlessly clean and the little touches like Aveda bath products, Tazo tea and Starbucks coffee are appreciated. My room looked out over a construction area across the street but the windows blocked out virtually all the noise. The a la cart program is a great idea too, A very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CintiKid
<Content>Top notch and friendly and kind My wife and I sought a comfortable place to stay near a wedding we were attending, and we found it. A reasonably price hotel, well designed, with all the comforts available. Breakfast was very suitable to our low fat low sugar needs. The Portage restaurant a block away served a great lunch (organic, tasty, but noisy). Super quiet room and comfie bed. heating worked well. only problem was the room design by which a light at the wash basin shone in the bedroom, waking spouse. efficient exercise room, readily available internet. very helpful front desk. and you have read others' favorable comments as well.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clarinet_dude
<Content>Great Hotel! We spent a couple of nights in this very new, very nice hotel.The staff was friendly, the room spacious and quiet and the free breakfast pretty decent. We really appreciated the small touches like no TV in the breakfast room - they played quality jazz on the stereo at reasonable volume.They even had Tazo tea in the room, and a place to recycle paper.The free shuttle service was great. Even on the day we left, after checkout time, we were able to get a shuttle downtown, and a ride back so we could pick up our car and not have to pay the exorbitant fees to park.We didn't get a chance to use any of the other features in the hotel like the free carts (ask the hotel about this) or the free bicycles.We would stay in this hotel again and will the next time we are in Seattle.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gunnercade
<Content>Great place to stay in Seattle I stayed a few days at the Watertown for a conference. I would definitely stay here again. The location is perfect for the University district, there are a number of cheap restaurants, cafes and stores nearby. The hotel has free bikes you can borrow to move around the area, and Seattle is a bike-friendly (if hilly) city. If you want to go downtown, the hotel has a free shuttle. Staff is friendly and helpful.The room is not huge but definitely large enough, and quite clean and comfortable. It could use a bit more light and water pressure is not great (though adequate). There is free Internet in the room (a cable is available). I am a light sleeper, but this hotel is very quiet at night, and the beds are comfy. Amenities such as free coffee, teas and herbal teas, cookies and wine tasting in the afternoon make your stay even more pleasant. Breakfast is OK: eggs, bagels, a variety of cereals, juices and pastries. Nothing stellar or homemade, but it gets your day started.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>johawaii
<Content>Great find! Cute boutique hotel w/ large modern rooms w/ all the little extras. It was much better than our room in downtown, which cost alot more. Free parking is a plus. Would definitely return again and again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pcha72
<Content>Pleasant stay in the U District I stayed at the Watertown for 4 days for business. Nice, spacious rooms, comfortable beds and pillows, and I loved the big mirror! The main reason I booked this hotel, though, was the secure underground parking, since I was travelling alone. I felt safe at all times and it helped that I didn't have to walk out in the rain to get to my car! The staff was excellent as well; very friendly and responded promptly to my needs. Breakfast was a nice bonus. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone looking to stay in the University District.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bethana
<Content>Great experience! Maybe not romantic, but definitely fun and relaxing! We had a positive experience overall here! The people on staff, while young, were very friendly and helpful. There's nothing extra-ordinary about the hotel itself, but I think what really sold me in the first place were the unique amenities. I LOVE that they had bikes and helmets for loan that were in excellent condition. The trail is only a few blocks from the hotel, and we took advantage of a rare sunny winter day to bike through UW and down to the Gasworks Park. The second amenity that we loved were the ala carts. I requested the spa cart which came with a CD player and relaxing CD, bath products, etc. I think this is an ingenious idea to personalize a hotel stay as there are various carts to choose from. Third, just little touches like free secured parking, aveda bath products, bath robes, fresh cookies in the lobby, wine tastings, a general store with Trader Joe's snacks, a recycle bin in the room, a map built into your room key holder. The room itself was very clean, and while it had a nautical theme, the decor was not gaudy or tasteless. The setup of the room was smartly designed with appliances tucked in with the clothing closet. My only complaints are that the tub was pretty small, the breakfast was so-so, and the lights around the vanity were fluorescent and therefore made doing makeup and hair difficult. I appreciate that the hotel is striving to be green-- kudos-- but splurge on the vanity lights please. The location was convenient because we had our own car, but I could see getting around to be a bit difficult if you had business downtown to attend to every day. Because it is in the university district, restaurants are less upscale (but cheaper!) and your peers are probably younger than you. :) As stated in the title, I don't think this hotel is a great romantic escape, but a good way to have fun with your partner experiencing all of the amenities.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveldogsIdaho
<Content>Great urban hotel with many free extras!! This is a great hotel in the University district. While it's not a luxury hotel, it is however very modern, clean, comfortable and above average. There are many free things that make it worth the stay such as the great breakfast, secure parking, newspaper at your door, microwave popcorn, good coffee, robes, and the free fun ala carts delivered to your room. Parking is a premium in Seattle so having it free and safe is a big plus. The Aveda products are also a very nice touch, so much better than cheap shampoo, etc. The area felt safe for walking around, even at night. You're close to great shopping all around, University Village is 1.5 miles away. Downtown is also close, about a 10-15 minute drive. I would stay here again. It's in a good area that is centrally located and close, easy access to I-5 freeway.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>telescopic
<Content>Tainted by uneven service I had to attend some functions at UDub and picked the Watertown based on its proximity to the campus. It is within walking distance of the NW side of campus--I think it's about four long blocks away. I didn't try the free shuttle. The area itself is not outstanding (just typical college-targeted coffee shops and restaurants in the area), and I'm not sure I would recommend it to those who are true tourists and don't have a connection to the University.Our stay was tainted by a rude and cold front desk employee who assisted us during the check-in process. Long story short, I called ahead to inform the hotel of our late arrival, but I guess the message never reached the staff on duty the morning we arrived. Lady at the front desk then welcomed us in the lobby by telling (scolding) me that you CAN'T be checking in, because we have no rooms. Lovely customer service skills! A lot of the staff do seem young so who really knows how well they communicate with each other. But nothing should warrant the unhelpful and practically hostile reception we received.Well we did get a room after another employee straightened things out...The room was clean and well-appointed. Beds were comfortable. The wall/door fronting the hall do seem thin (even for a hotel) so you could really hear a lot of outside activity at times. The view was of the street and a construction site across the way--but of course I don't think you'd stay here expecting great views anyway. Overall, it's a nice small hotel without a lot of bells and whistles--no real restaurant to speak of, small lounge area--but again, I don't think you'd stay in the University district and expect that. The breakfast was decent (bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, pastries, some fruit), and pretty great when you take into account the price--free. With the exception of that one front desk woman, the rest of the staff was quite friendly and accomodating.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>Traveler1024
<Content>Lovely surprise for a University Hotel I stayed here on a visit to UW and was pleasantly surprised by all the extras at this nice boutique hotel. Complimentary cookies in the lobby plus ample breakfasts, feather pillows, microwave and popcorn in the room, spacious bathroom with nice spa amenities, etc. Overall I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>moab
<Content>Best Deal in Seattle A great deal if you don't mind staying in the U district. A very nice boutique hotel with all the little touches that make it a special stay. Free underground secure parking, complimentary wine tasting 7 nights a week, a complimentary breakfast that's more substantial than a continental, free shuttle to key Seattle attractions, Aveda spa products, fridge and microwave in the King deluxe rooms. The bed was very comfortable and the hotel was quiet on a Friday night. Very clean and the staff was very cordial. I'll definitely go back and recommend this to anyone. I wish we'd stayed for more than one night!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mackenson
<Content>One of Seattle's Best My wife and I have stayed at the Watertown twice. Both times we have been extremely impressed, and I would definately recommend this hotel as a great alternative for travelers or locals looking for a getaway.What we liked:- The rooms were HUGE. I can only refer to my experience in the Suite Studios, but I was amazed at the size of these rooms. Very open and comfortable.- Very clean- Courteous staff- Simple, modern furnishings with a bit of nautical flair. It has a nice urban feel, without being aggressively modern and cold (I'm looking at you, W Hotel).- Nice, central location close to I-5, downtown, Greenlake, UW, the zoo, etc.- Themed complimentary carts are a cute idea- Free parking- Not quite as expensive as most Seattle downtown and upscale hotels- Very quiet. Seems like they have good sound-proofing to keep the noise of the city out.Things we didn't like:- Additional $10 for each person (beyond the first) seems like an odd pricing structure. It's only $10, but that is somewhat irritating when you are already paying a a fairly high rate + state tax + hotel tax. If you're traveling as a family, this is going to get very expensive.- Parking garage might be a bit difficult to maneuverer around in when it's crowded- Views from most rooms are not particularly fabulous. I imagine there's a couple that will give you a nice view of Downtown, but everything else tends to face nondescript neighborhoods and office buildings.And, that's really my only negatives. All-in-all, the Watertown will be our destination when we are looking for a Seattle getaway. It's friendly, fun, and quiet.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>groovyvegan
<Content>An above average hotel with some nice bells and whistles Based on the great reviews here at Trip Advisor, I booked a stay here for over a week, and have mostly liked the place. The Watertown hotel has great bells and whistles, but first let's look at the basics:* Room size and layout - We had a suite--no complaints there. I especially liked having 2 sinks, one across from the bed and one next to the bathroom door.* Bed comfort - Excellent with a nice pillowtop mattress.* Cleanliness - Some hairs left behind from previous guest, but otherwise good.* Helpfulness of staff - Quite good.* Quietness - Here's where they fall down. We heard lots of noise from the room above. Very easy to hear footsteps above you. However, they appear to have double-paned windows, and you can't hear much noise from outside. On the weekend, there were a lot of teenagers talking noisily in the hallway, but the halls were quiet at all other times.* Temperature control - A bit difficult. The thermostat says high heat, low heat, high cool, low cool and fan only. Unlike a thermostat where you can set the temperature, it was challenging to get this room to stay at a comfortable temperature.* Water pressure in shower - mediocre but adequate.* Refrigerator - Tiny box fridge.* Free internet service with ethernet cable provided.* Free underground garage parking. Garage moderately difficult to maneuver in. Always found a parking space.To sum up the basics, they were average to above average, but definitely not excellent.There are other features, however, that further improve the quality of one's stay here:* Instead of nickel and diming you like a hotel that charges $3 to $6 for a small bottle of water, there is no bottle of water in the room. Instead, they filter the water for you in the room!* Free breakfast which my partner enjoyed (Foods listed in a previous review.)* Free happy hour wine tasting* Washing machine and dryer on every floor--free! (But be sure to take all your clothes out of the washer or dryer by 10 pm, or they'll get locked in the laundry closet. But if they do, a staff member will come upstairs and lock it for you.)* Their ala cart program. You can request one of a dozen or so carts. For example, their art cart has art supplies; their games card has board games, playing cards and music; and their spa cart has items including a hand held massager and aroma therapy.* Their gym is tiny but functional, and unlike other hotel gyms I've seen, this one lends you bicycles you can ride on the nearby Burke-Gilman trail.Another thing I love about this hotel is the location, in walking distance from many restaurants, Trader Joes, Half Price Books, and much more. As a vegan, I especially enjoy three of the restaurants in walking distance--Chaco Canyon Cafe (vegetarian, half raw foods), Araya's (vegan Thai), and Bombay Grill (Indian Food--not vegetarian, but vegetarian- and vegan-friendly.)Despite my gripe about the sound proofing, so much is excellent about this place, that I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bearonblades
<Content>The Watertown is excellent My husband and I were looking for a hotel in which to stay that was close to the University of Washington as we were going to a performance at Meany Hall. I just happended to see the Watertown's name on a map giving directions to Meany Hall and decided to look it up on the Internet to see if it would be suitable for us to stay there. The website was great and gave us a feel of what the property was like so I phoned and arranged for a room. Because I had CAA (similar to AAA, but the Canadian version), we were given a discount to $139.00 for the night. When we arrived and checked in we were very pleasantly surprised to find a charmingly modern room that had obviously been well thought out when it came to it's design. The room was nicely appointed with new furniture and the Aveda toiletries were certainly a bonus! The Watertown has a wonderful idea in its 'cart' system. Upon registration, I was asked what type of cart I'd like brought to the room. I chose a spa cart and when I came back after going for a walk, the cart had arrived complete with foot bath, massage wand, boom box and appropriate CDs for a calming and romantic ambience. I made sure I used everything!! ( There are many other types of carts from games, to art, to kids and even a grumpy cart if you need cheering up!) The bed was very comfortable that night and I got a good sleep. The complimentary breakfast the next morning was very nice - eggs, sausages, cereal, yogurt, danishes, toast, juices, soy milk!, skim milk!, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, bananas - and that is all I can remember although there were other choices too. The total hotel is very clean, fresh and well tended. The front desk staff was super and very helpful with lots of suggestions for whatever we needed. Another little perk they offer is bicycles they LEND out for those who want to take a spin around the university and surrounding areas. Lastly, the hotel has a free van that takes visitors to and picks them up from different venues around Seattle. We wanted to go to Pikes Market for the morning and Ivan the driver was so pleasant and courteous - even dropping us off at a particular spot we wanted to go to. All in all, one of our favorite hotel experiences ever. Because we like to go to Seattle 4-6 times per year, we have decided the Watertown will be our hotel of choice in the future.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jmgillette
<Content>Just what was needed My wife and I decided to get out of town (Nor Cal) for our 10th anniversary and decided to visit a place we had never ventured, Seattle. Without knowing much about the area we booked our travel based on recommendations from this site. We could not have been happier.When we arrived we were greeted with the surprise of an upgrade to a suite. The room was really spacious. We both loved the ultra-modern urban feel of the room and hotel. The staff was gracious and the shuttle drivers do a great job of accomodating requests that are outside of their normal route.After walking through much of the city the U district was a choice I would make again. If you have not walked the UW do it. The architecture is amazing.We could have spent hundreds more for a downtown hotel and made a huge mistake. Great job Watertown! Thanks for a memorable trip.BTW - make a reservation at Chez Shea if you have the chance, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BuccaneerDave
<Content>Always Fantastic We have stayed in several of the rooms at the Watertown over the last few years and have loved everyone of them. The place is spotless. The rooms are very nicely done. The amenties are great, from the good coffee (could use creamers in the fridge though), Aveda bath products, to the welcome back gift for returning guests. The beds are super comfortable. But the best part are the theme carts delivered to your room. We usually go for the spa and art carts. Always cheer you up after a long drive. Can't go wrong staying here. Dependable, great quality.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roymmaine
<Content>Great Urban hotel If I were to design an urban hotel this would be it. Nice open lobby with a very practical little store for late night food, etc. Very large room (and we went for the cheapest studio) with excellent soundproof windows, a very nice bathroom and closet arrangement. Excellent free breakfast in an airy room area with two attendants keeping the food stocked and the place clean. Secure, free underground parking, good internet (they will loan you a computer if you forget yours) and a general sense of humor in how it is set up. Best place we have stayed in for years.... and it is reasonably priced.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aymazing
<Content>Great experience in Seattle I spent a night at the Watertown in mid-October 2007. The hotel was easy to find and centrally located (took us about 15 minutes to downtown on surface streets, but plenty to do around the hotel iteself). The front desk staff were cordial and helpful, and the lobby felt refined without being stuffy. Free cookies were available at the front desk, and the small general store (just a few shelves, but well-stocked) was perfect. The room was clean and airy, with lots of natural light. The furnishings felt modern, and the beds were very comfortable. The Watertown had lots of little extras, like both synthetic and down pills, comfortable robes, Aveda bath products, a great binder of info about the area (in addition to local magazines and publications), a map of the area folded into the key folder, spacious parking, etc. The hotel is within walking distance of a convenience stores, restaurants, movie theater, and the U of W campus. All in all, absolutely worth the room rate. I was delighted by the whole experience and will gladly stay again. Thank you, Watertown!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>viquiv
<Content>Amazing Hotel, awsome amenities! I've never written an online review but this hotel was so great I just had to.For a very reasonable price (I had booked on Priceline, but for some reason the reservation didn't go through -I blame priceline, so called and asked for the internet rate of $149) you get a high end experience.My love of this hotel started Saturday morning when I headed out for a walk around the area. I saw their shuttle sitting out front and asked when it'd be heading downtown. The driver was sitting there and asked when do you want to go? He took me right then and scheduled a time to pick me up.The next day when I asked them to book me a cab to take me to the bar down the street they had recommended, they offered to check with the shuttle...and sure enough, it was going to be around in a few minutes, so they took us down the street on their way out to town.They have the basic hotel general store items downstairs but also offer some Trader Joes items for purchase since it's just down the street.They've got coffee and tea available 24/7 and fresh baked cookies each afternoon. Delicious!They said they're going to be opening their Wine bar during the weekends, which was the down side.You can rent bikes for free, use the University pool, order one of their entertaniment carts and they even have loaner umbrellas for those rainy days in Seattle.The rooms were totally clean and quite stylish, the beds were comfortable and the room even had a huge full length mirror. The only word of caution: the windows aren't tinted, so if you look out onto the street, don't do it naked!I loved this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OTBART1
<Content>outstanding stay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My family was on vacation to celebrate my parents 62 year wedding anniversary. They met and married in 1945 and came back to Seattle to celebrate. I read the reviews about this hotel on the tripadvisor website and decided this would be a perfect place for my parents to stay in style. Starting with my initial call to make the reservation I was very impressed with the staff on their customer service and knew the hotel was the #1 pick for us. Upon arrival (free parking) we were greeted by friendly smiles and a wonderful staff (baked cookies too). I requested a special room with a view for my parents... I was not disappointed. The room was on the 5th floor with a view of Mount Rainier. The room was huge! We started calling it the apartment while we were there. I love the layout of the room...double closet the best! My mom loved the Starbuck's(24/7). We all enjoyed the winetasting and breakfast was fresh. We used the Spa cart and DVD cart -what a nice perk for free! We didn't use the free shuttle, but it was nice to ride the town car back to the airport for only 35 dollars. The workout room had a variety of new equipment/free weights to use-it was very clean. Speaking of clean... the place was immaculate! I slept on a pullout queen sofa and it felt like a regular bed...no lumps, bars or backaches.I want to THANK each and EVERY STAFF member at this hotel from the front desk, housekeeping, breakfast and wine tasting servers, and everyone else for making my parents 62 wedding celebration one that they will never forget. It was amazing and next time we are back in Seattle, I will not hesitate to book my room with the WATERTOWN HOTEL-#1 HOTEL IN SEATTLE.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>edwardgb
<Content>writing it in my room I am writing this while I am at the hotel. First time ever did not have my room made up when I got back to my room. Didn't leave my do not disturb sign on all day. They just missed my room. Called 5 minutes ago to tell them told me i had to have left my do not disturn sign on my door. Dont my people making mistake, mind when they tell you its your fault.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>divasmoms
<Content>The "Queen of Clean" Just returned from a trip to Seattle where staying at the Watertown has a huge highlight. If Leona Helmsley was the  Queen of Mean, then the Queen of Clean must run this place.My Dad, who is possibly the most obsessive person on the planet (he takes his own bun and water to restaraunts)actually complemented me on this find. He said, This is the cleanest hotel I have stayed at in 20 years, it's unbelievable' Add to the fact, the free parking, the a la carte service, which we were shy about at first, the staff who is ultra friendly and helpful, and you have one terrific vacation experience. We enjoyed the morning breakfast array, the complimentary coffee and laundry facility. The neighborhood was familiar to us as we live in a college town, so I am not sure what others are referring to. It is a typical college area with lots of inexpensive eateries, thrift stores, and a FABULOUS FARMERS MARKET within walking distance on Saturday AM from 9 on.....Incredible produce, meats, bakery, and fish items. Another tip? Rent your vehicle up the street from the Watertown at Budget, not from the airport and save yourself the extra taxes...all in all 28% tax on the rental car???? Port of Seattle special taxes we found out.So STAY HERE unless you want to pay more for a place downtown for no good reason. The shuttle service was terrific, and we used the town car service to get us to our cruise port. The Watertown is a sophisticated, cool, architecturally intriguing place to call home away from home. Our only regret? We couldnt stay the night after our cruise because they were already booked, so we had to keep our reservation in Tukwila...but that is a whole other unpleasant story. LOVED THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JW59
<Content>Excellent, Excellent Hotel!! This was our first trip to Seattle. We found the hotel through a search engine online. Our experience was great! Staff and service was excellent. The hotel amenities were unbelieveable - breakfast (eggs, yogurt, bacon, bagels, fruit); free wine tasting during the week; free shuttle service...the list goes on. We felt very comfortable at the hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Seattle!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theangus1
<Content>Perfect hotel stay If you are looking for a great hotel (especially a non-chain hotel stay), I strongly suggest the Watertown in Seattle, WA. They have great rooms, a terrific and very accommodating staff (meeting all the needs of travelers w/ young children) and a free breakfast that will start your day off right. A visit to this hotel will make any stay in Seattle wonderful. They also have a lot of other extras (at no charge) that we did not even get a chance to take advantage of (bikes, themed carts, etc.). Other hotels would not even dream of offering these extras.Five star recommendation....Regards,Zach  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PaulInOhio
<Content>Exceeded our expectations! We stayed at the Watertown from 9/11 through 9/13/07 as part of a tour of Seattle/Vancouver/Victoria. We booked the Watertown based upon reviews here at Tripadvisor.This hotel more than exceeded our expectations, particularly for hotels in its price range. First, the hotel. The rooms were large, clean and very modern in design, with an in-room safe, dorm-sized fridge, microwave, and coffee pot, complete with complementary coffee and popcorn. Views were so-so -- our room looked over an empty lot that was being rebuilt. If you want to see the Seattle skyline, then pay more for a downtown hotel.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is a few blocks away from University Avenue, which is the main drag for the University of Washington -- lots of shops, restaurants, etc. Just around the corner from the hotel is a vegan restaurant, Araya, if you're looking for vegan/vegetarian cuisine. The hotel also has a free shuttle service to/from downtown, so you can park your car in the free and secure, gated parking lot at the hotel and let the drivers take you downtown and pick you up. You can get downtown on the hour and picked up on the half hour, and if you're not sure how long you'll be, you can call the front desk to arrange a pick-up time and one of two pre-arranged pick-up spots. When we were there, the downtown buses were free to ride, which made this service even more valuable.The hotel is also along several bus lines if you prefer that route. There is a major shopping mall just down down the street, including a 24-hour grocery store (QFC), though you'll need your car to get to it. If you live in the midwest, the QFC is part of the Kroger chain, so if you plan to buy some groceries for the room and want to take advantage of the loyalty discounts, bring your Kroger card, which they'll accept!The complementary breakfast is outstanding -- scrambled eggs, sausage or bacon (different each day we were there), lots of oatmeal, cereal, fresh fruit, muffins, bagels, toast, juice, coffee, tea, dairy and soy milk, etc. All you need to get started (or pack a light lunch...). The workout room is relatively small but functional -- couple of bikes, some free weights, a couple of treadmills -- and is also where the free washer and dryer unit is located. You need to supply your own detergent or buy it from the front desk. We didn't have any problems using the wash, but since there is only one of each, it could conceivably get busy, so plan accordingly. Although the gym closes at 10 p.m., you can access the washer/dryer throughout the night with your room key.Oh, and the hotel also features themed complementary carts that you may want to check out if you have some time in the room. We tried the spa cart, which included a portable massager, foot bath, some salts, tea, and other bath products. Very nice way to end a day of walking! Other carts included a computer/printer combo, kids carts, board games, etc. (Book the cart in advance or when you check-in). If you need internet access, the room comes with complementary wired internet and even includes the CAT-5 cable so you don't need to bring one. Our room TV lacked any A/V inputs so we couldn't watch any DVDs or Netflix downloads from our laptop, but since we didn't get into the room until late both nights, that didn't really matter to us. They do have a movie cart, though, if you want to borrow a TV/DVD hook-up and watch movies.As others have noted, the hotel also has a wine bar, but we didn't have a chance to try it ourselves. Prices for wine and food seemed reasonable, though.Overall, this hotel was a great value and we would definitely recommend it if you're looking for an affordable, unique alternative to traditional and expensive downtown hotels.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vince77
<Content>The best staff My wife and I stayed there for 2 nights in July. We had planned a great honeymoon trip over the Pacific northwest region and it started really well thanks to a great staff. As soon as we said we were on honeymoon we got a bottle of wine with a bag full of nice treats with a congratulation note. How nice is that?Very clean, the rooms (our room was on the 2nd floor, no view but we could see the mount rainier) could be a little more personalized but in the style it's perfect. Good fresh fruits in the breakfast buffet and nice wine tasting everyday.I would recommend it highly although it is more convenient than romantic.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TXRedHead
<Content>I would highly recommend My husband, son and I had a very nice stay at The Watertown. I am so picky I will leave a hotel on check in if I see hair or the bed looks bad. We were in Seattle checking out the University of Washington. The hotel is in walking distance. I love this hotel, clean, friendly staff, nice breakfast.......did I mention CLEAN. We stayed Aug. 14-16 and again Aug 21. You must read what Chloegon wrote and I would say Ditto...........also very easy commute to the downtown. Pike street market is high on my list of things to do.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Europeantraveler74
<Content>Great Hotel The Watertown is an extremely pleasant place to stay in Seattle. I have been in many hotels, for private and professional reasons, and confirm without any reservation that this hotel is definitely worth the money, and I cannot imagine that in Seattle you could find a better deal! Together with my family I spent a total of three nights in this hotel (going to and returning from a trip to Canada) and both times we had a very nicely decorated, modern, spacious and very clean room.When my son asked for internet access, the hotel staff sent a PC to our room, fully equipped, and cost free. Great!Also, on two occasions the hotel arranged transportation for us, to the airport and to the port, at a very decent price. To note that hotel staff was always extremely helpful and polite.A minor point: Breakfast is offerered at a place which is a bit small for the number of people showing up.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chloegone
<Content>Wonderful Experience at the Watertown Hotel Just got back from a one-week stay at the Watertown Hotel. My husband was there teaching at the University of Washington and I was a tag along. The hotel is very clean, the staff is very helpful and the breakfast every morning was just right. I used the shuttle service every day. Jim, the driver, was so nice and put up with the questions I asked every day about things to do in Seattle. The rooms are very comfortable and included a small refrigerator, microwave, room safe, and ample drawer space for all your stuff. Must use your room key to get above the lobby entrance. It is a five-block walk to the University. Did not use the bicycles, because there are lots of hills (much to my surprise). Free wine-tasting every evening. There is a great mall downhill from the University area with shopping, restaurants, and two grocery stores. So, very safe, clean rooms, excellent service, free parking in an underground garage, free breakfast, free shuttle service to various locations, great weather while we were there, great experience. Going back next year, will go back to the Watertown. Good place for business visitor, families, and groups. There were at least two women's volleyball teams staying there. Things I can recommend doing in Seattle: Sightseeing tour of the city to get your bearings. Go to the Space Needle, but for the best view of the city, pay $3, go to the top of the Columbia Center at 5th and Columbia. Pike Place Market-could go every day for food, people watching and street musicians. Walk about the waterfront. Take a short cruise around the harbor. Drive about 30 minutes away from Seattle and see Snoqualmie Falls. Took a 25-minute seaplane city tour with Kenmore Air from Lake Union area. UNBELIEVABLE. Did not have time to go to Victoria, but plan to take a seaplane and do this next year. Good restaurants on Lake Union. That's All!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ms_Margo
<Content>Unique Hotel A Boutique Hotel. The rooms could be bigger but were extremely functional. Great bathroom lighting and a microwave and fridge in every room. Ask for a room on the side that views Mt. Ranier on a clear day. They have bikes to loan (I think for free). The breakfast buffet was limited, but included in the room rate . Parking and security were good. They have free carts to loan out with themes (board games, books, aromatherapy, etc.). The shuttle to town is small. The staff was accommodating.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>benders
<Content>Spacious hotel in University district We stayed four nights at the Watertown Hotel and found it to be a comfortable up to the minute place. Our room was very spacious with a king bed, sofa and chair and work station and welcome extras such as a free washer and clothes dryer (provide your own powder). Breakfast was included in the tariff. It was a modest affair, but adequate. The hotel is situated about three small blocks walk from the University and The Avenue (where there are plenty of cheap eateries) and there is ample public transport to take you down town. There is also a hotel shuttle bus.We enjoyed our stay and would be very happy to recommend the Watertown.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>wanderlost2Vancouver
<Content>Best Deal in Seattle My family makes an annual week-long trip to Seattle in the summer. We like to stay in the University District because it is convenient to get to most of the rest of the city from there. The last few times we have stayed at the Hotel Deca (previously the Best Western University) but this year we had to find an alternative because Deca's prices have gone up significantly.We chose the Watertown based on location (near University Avenue) and price ($149/US night through Expedia). The positive reviews on TripAdvisor also helped, and we were not disappointed.We had an excellent experience at this hotel. Our room was beautifully designed, clean, and well-maintained. It was also quiet even though it faced the street. The staff were very friendly, well-informed, and willing to help with whatever they could. The free breakfast was fresh and substantial, and we really appreciated the free 24-hour tea and coffee service. The free parking was also a huge bonus (we have stayed at downtown Seattle hotels where the parking was at minimum $20/day in an outdoor, unsecured parking lot; the Watertown's lot is underground and has a security gate). Some reviews on TripAdvisor are unsure about the University District's safety; while there are some scary-looking people on the street, we have never had any problems walking around there, even at night, as long as you pay attention to your surroundings. The hotel location is very convenient to the I-5 highway, which runs north and south through the Seattle area. If you don't want to drive, you can get a bus to pretty much anywhere in Seattle from University Ave. which is three blocks away. The hotel also runs a shuttle van which will take you for free to downtown, nearby shopping, and the University of Washington campus. We took the van to Seattle Center, planning to go to a baseball game at Safeco Field that evening, and were told by the friendly van driver that although the van did not usually run as late as when the game would end, we should still call the hotel that evening; if there were other passengers wanting a ride around the same time, they would add a run to pick us up. This is an example of how friendly and accommodating the hotel staff are.The price, the facilities and the service are all outstanding. We will definitely be returning to the Watertown.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hollybelle
<Content>Like a clean serviced apartment, feels like home! Stayed here for one night in August just for pleasure. My partner and I drove down to Seattle from Vancouver BC. Easy to find, great location, easy access to the university and close to neat neighbourhoods like Wallingford and Ballard, etc.The building looks like an apartment building, very new and urban-looking, as if you're right in the city. Checkin was quick and easy, almost a little too casual for a hotel. The checkin counter looks like one in a dentist's office -- very casual.Loved the free parking in a very safe underground garage -- you can only access with your hotel key. Feels just like living in your own apartment!Stayed on the top floor (6th) corner room overlooking downtown. We requested a top floor room, and we got it! We loved it! The room was super clean, and almost felt a little too dull. Perhaps the rooms need some colorful art work or flowers to liven up the place. My partner said he almost felt as if he was in an old folks home! that's how clean, quiet and simple everything was! curtains roll up, TV swivels 360 so you can watch from the bathroom area. Great Aveda products. Loved the Staff Picks in their room info binder -- good recommendations for dining, etc.The Ala Carte options are a super idea! We chose the Spa cart and it came with foot massage, hand held massage, a CD player with relaxing music, and spa hair and body products. loved it! such a great treat. they have all sorts of Cartes, from video games to art supplies!Complimentary breakfast was good -- fruits were fresh, eggs and sausages were decent. They have complimentary bike and video rentals, and a small exercise room. About a 10 minute walk to the University campus. A few cafes in the area, but not too much to do. University village (great shopping, restaurants) is about a 5-10 min drive from the hotel.I'd recommend this place and would definitely return. Downtown Seattle is just not worth the overpriced boutique hotels and parking when you can stay here -- only a 20 mins drive away!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>gmitchellc
<Content>Great Value For the money-this hotel is a great value. The location is very convenient to explore the wonderful surrounding areas of Seattle. The rooms are large and well laid out-many with views of Mt Rainier. Staff is helpful. Free Breakfeast-well you get what you pay for. A final tip, Seattle proper is less than overwhelming-much of it is seedy-use your time to explore all the great areas aound-San Juan Islands, Mt Ranier, Olympic Forest, etc. and use for dining only. GC  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>azhottraveler
<Content>Great boutique hotel! The Watertown is an oasis in a dirty university area of Seattle. It is sophisticated and comfortable. We were on the top (6th) floor and had a great view of the Seattle skyline. However, don't look down. The surrounding area leaves a little to be desired. We did find practical stores within walking distance and it turned out to be better than our 1st impression but not the Seattle experience that others have described. The room is designed to be efficient and fit all necessary conveniences into a small space. The staff is exceptional. The breakfast is passable.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>SimonHilditch
<Content>Great experience, would recommend A very good hotel, has lots of things included like evening wine tasting that you would not expect. A litte way out of the city centre but they definately made up for it!The hotel was very clean, stylish and modern.Staff were very friendly and not too over the top with it.The only mistake we made was not double checking the time we booked for the shuttle bus, they arrived an hourly early and missed us. D'oh!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>londonwpr
<Content>Great place! The Watertown Hotel is located approximately 5 miles north of Seattle, on the outskirts of the University of Washington campus. The property is well appointed. The staff is extremely helpful. We had a beautiful view of downtown Seattle and the Space Needle from our room. They have a free shuttle that runs from 7AM-9:30PM every day. It was great getting free transportation to downtown Seattle and not have to worry about parking. Their free breakfast is also a nice perk. We didn't have time to enjoy them, but they have these activities carts that might be good for a rainy day. I'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>khoffDenver
<Content>Enjoyed the Watertown We stayed at the Watertown July 28-Aug 1 based on reviews here. We were very happy. The room was quite roomy and lacked only decent reading light, but we have found that a common problem in hotels. The hotel does offer free parking, but travellers without cars should know that in addition to the hotel shuttle, there is terrific city bus service -- we rode buses to and from various parts of downtown, to Capitol Hill and to Ballard, all from within a few blocks of the hotel. The hotel staff printed out relevant bus schedules for me -- it would be even nicer if they had a rack of printed schedules available.Within a few blocks' walk from the hotel, in addition to the many shops and restaurants on University Ave., we found a 24-hour donut shop, Trader Joe's and a great discount book store called Half-Price Books (all on Roosevelt Ave uphill from the Watertown, on 45th, 47th and 48th.)  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buckeye16
<Content>Great stay at Watertown Stayed at the Watertown for a week for our first visit to Seattle. Chose it based on tripadvisor reviews. All downtown hotels were $325 and up per night during this particular week. We got a very fair AAA rate ot $159 at Watertown and had a wonderful experience. Staff was welcoming, kind and courteous. Service was fantastic. Complimentary breakfast was excellent offering a large variety, including hot items. Free secure underground parking right under the hotel saved us at least $30 per day. Although Watertown doesn't have a pool, guests can use the pool at their sister hotel a block down the street, which we did. We took advantage of one of their unique free entertainment carts. We used the movie cart. They have a large cart selection that include game carts, book carts and others. The rooms were very nice and very clean. They were immediately attentive to anything we needed. Although not downtown, it is not too far removed. Easy access to I-5 makes getting downtown a breeze. A very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellingteachers
<Content>Not bad, but not great either My husband and I just returned from our little get away to Seattle. While there, we spent two nights at the Watertown. The location is a little out of the way when it comes to the attractions in the downtown core but thankfully the hotel provides a shuttle into the city. I wouldn't call this an upscale hotel by any means. Don't get me wrong; it's a nice, clean hotel but nothing out of the ordinary. Comfy bedding and the room is a decent size. While waiting for the shuttle we took in the complimentary wine tasting which was a nice touch. Also the breakfast is one of the better complimentary breakfasts I've had - bacon, eggs, english muffins, bagels etc... I'm a light sleeper and the garbage truck woke me up each morning just before 6am. Not fun! Plus, the door handle of our bathroom kept falling off! We were locked into the bathroom at least once a day. We asked the front desk to take care of it, but while they made sure it didn't fall off anymore, the lock itself was broken and then locked my husband in. All in all, I would probably stay there again. While a little out of the way, it's a decent hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lentz
<Content>Great Stay at a Great Hotel Spent the weekend at The Watertown and were pleasantly surprised with our experience. We had a studio suite with a great view of Mount Ranier. The room was spacious, clean and filled with amenities. We were very happy with the room. They do offer complimentary breakfast every morning that includes, beverages, eggs, bacon, bagels, muffins, yogurt, fruit and cereal. There is free underground parking which is a value in itself in Seattle. There are free bikes and a complimentary wine tasting every night that we did not have a chance to enjoy either. This hotel is a value compared to staying downtown Seattle and actually is a very convenient location.They have a small little store by the front desk if you need a beverage or snack, they also provide coffee and coffe maker and popcorn with a microwave in the rooms.We were thrilled with our stay here and will stay here next time we come to Seattle. An incredible find!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>cartraveler1
<Content>Watertown is a great value and a well-run boutique hotel We stayed at the Watertown over the 4th of July, and had a great time. It's a modern hotel with lots of amenities---bikes that they loan you, auto parking included, complimentary breakfast, free movie DVDs, etc. The rooms are nice and modern, and the corner room where we stayed had a peek a boo view of Mt. Rainier. We rode the bikes on the Burke Gilman trail that's about 5 blocks from the hotel. You can go in either direction on the trail towards downtown or away from it. The University of Washington area is nice, and about 10 minutes drive from downtown. Service at the hotel is very good. The front desk staff is helpful. I'd recommend this hotel if you don't have to be right downtown in Seattle and want to save a few dollars.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>carfaxdave
<Content>Okay Hotel in the University District of Seattle My wife and I travel to Seattle four or five times a year. As a couple that enjoys boutique hotels, my wife and I found the Watertown Hotel to be satisfactory, but certainly nothing to get excited about. We usually stay at one of the Kimpton Hotels (there are three in Seattle), but all three Kimpton Hotels were sold out for the July 6 to 8, 2007 weekend due to the Kenny Chesney Flip Flop Summer Tour 2007, so we looked over Seattle hotel reviews on Tripadvisor. The Watertown Hotel was the only top 5 rated hotel in Seattle with a room available (they told me on the telephone it was their last available room), so we booked the room for $185 (plus tax) per night. The Watertown Hotel is located in the University district, about six miles north of downtown Seattle. It is a safe area with plenty of restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel. Our room, like the property itself, was clean and well looked after. The room had a comfortable King bed, basic washroom, tiny fridge and a small television set. Our room was located off the elevator lobby on the fifth floor, so there was a lot of hall noise until well past midnight both nights of our stay. There is free, secured parking, located under the hotel for hotel guests, but the parking stalls are tiny and the ceiling only six feet, six inches high, so larger vehicles may have problems parking. Also, the breakfast selection was not satisfactory (limited items, with no fruit or healthy eating options), so we wandered over to the Farmer's Market (five blocks away) for breakfast one morning and we drove to the 14 Carrot Cafe for beakfast the second day (located a couple miles from the Watertown Hotel at 2305 Eastlake Ave E on the way to downtown Seattle). In summary, we would stay at the Watertown Hotel again, but it will never be our first choice in the Seattle area.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GigiHouston
<Content>Great Seattle hotel Watertown Hotel is the place to stay in Seattle if you like excellent, friendly service from the entire staff, very nice rooms, and convenient location. We had a marvelous stay there last weekend. The hotel offers many amenities as you will see when you look at their website. It even offers complimentary shuttle service to the downtown area and free use of bicycles.There is a wonderful bike/walking trail (Burke-Gilliam Trail) about four blocks from the hotel.If we ever have the chance to return to Seattle, we will definitely stay at the Watertown again!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cactusdave
<Content>Great New Hotel and Great Value We found the Watertown after a terrible experience at the University Inn. We paid the book rate of $185/night and it was worth it. The room was modern, luxurious, and the bathroom had a great spa feel. Great amenities with Starbucks coffee in the lobby, beautiful complimentary bathroom, and exercise room where you can use their bikes to ride around. The university campus is a stone's throw away as is the delicious Portage Bay cafe.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Traveling_Turtle
<Content>Fantastic place to stay Located near the university, this hotel has all of the amenities and services that any business traveler would need. There is free wireless in rooms and a complimentary breakfast bar with healthy options and eggs and bacon served after 7 AM. The fitness room is well maintained with multiple treadmills, weight lifting machines, and some free weights, and there are bicyles available for exploring.In the evening there was free wine tasting in the lounge. I tried the complimentary spa ala carte, which came with Tazo tea, soothingmusic, bath products, and a hand massager. The furniture in the roomsis contemporary and very comfortable. There's a refrigerator and microwave oven with popcorn and extra coffee and tea. The staff were friendly and very helpful. This is definitely one of the best hotels that I've ever stayed at for business and quite a bargain, given the rate on the hotel website.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>thesprouts
<Content>Great hotel The Watertown lives up to all the positive reviews-modern, clean, spacious rooms with helpful friendly staff. We used the shuttle quite a bit and found the 2 shuttle drivers to be really nice guys willing to pick you up as required around town. I asked for the internet cart and got a computer, printer etc at no cost. I love being connected so for me this was a huge bonus. I was surprised tho that I had to give the computer a clean-it was filthy!!! Surprised because everything else was so clean. We went to the wine tasting and enjoyed some nibbles with it. On the recommendation of staff we went to Ivars which was in a great location on the water with views of the city. The food was mediocre and the waitress appalling so I cannot recommend this restaurant-I expect good food and service for the prices we paid.I would absolutely recommend the Watertown-a modern funky hotel in a nice locale, free shuttle-what more could you ask for?  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pete1222
<Content>Great Hotel.... We loved it! Large Retro rooms w/ nice view from the upper floors. Plus FREE bike's to use! We spent all morning biking down to the water-front and along the Seattle bike-path. Its a 15-20 min. bike ride to the water-front w/ a few busy intersections; but once you get down to the water-front its really a great way to see the city. Coming back is slightly up-hill. And the restraurant just down the block from the hotel (The Portage) is Fantastic.In fact, the Portage does a FREE wine sampler in the hotel eatting area a few nights a week. They also serve tasty appetiziers which we made a meal out of....FYI: Once you are down-town, on bikes, it's a 1 or 2 block walk uphill to see the Pikes People Market.Lock the bikes up where everybody else does....Great Breakfast here too! Plus they offer a FREE cart service. ie We wanted more books to read, at the end of our trip, so they sent up the Book Cart which had like 20 books and we swapped out a few. They have a video cart, a computer cart, a kids cart---etc....15 different carts.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>noodlesPittsburgh
<Content>great hotel!       room pic 3  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Christi0903
<Content>Relaxed Stay at the Watertown What a delightful time our stay in Seattle was, largely due to the friendly and accomodating staff at the Watertown Hotel. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It is comfortable, conveniently located, and provides complimentary shuttle service. And perhaps best of all, they have bikes on loan, and will gladly guide you on the best scenic routes to traverse.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phdnjmom
<Content>a great experience we found this hotel through tripadvisor and stayed in it as an alternative to the high-priced city-center hotel we were considering. we enjoyed the experience tremendously. the staff was pleasant and easy to deal with--in fact the hotel generally had a relaxed and laid-back air about it. we enjoyed the room and the decor. we also really liked the ala cart options and enjoyed the one we chose. the university area is a nice area to stay in--close to shopping, close to city-center, close to the university campus--a great alternative to the city itself. we had a great run and loved being so close to the university-area trails. we didn't get a chance to take the free-rental bikes out on one of the trails, but hope to next time.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EandPb
<Content>Enjoyable stay We have stayed at this hotel twice now. We have really enjoyed our stay. The beds are comfortable and we like the rooms. Both times I was attending a conference at University of Washington and it was an enjoyable walk to the campus. We really loved the wine tasting in the evening.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>karenrobbins
<Content>nice rooms, good access to UW, a bit far from the action Stayed here in Nov 2006, and had a good experience overall. The rooms are clean and modern, with nice bathrooms. Didn't notice much noise, but stayed mid-week for 2 nights. Good access to the university and hospitals, but a bit far from downtown and touristy sights and sounds. They do provide a complimentary shuttle to downtown and other locations in the area, which helps. The staff was very helpful and couteous. Nightly wine hour at the restaurant, which also serves food. Also, the AM continental breakfast was very good. Overall, would stay here again if coming to visit the university, but would probably opt for something in another area of the city if I wanted to see the sights/sounds of Seattle.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kf824
<Content>Clean, helpful, and reasonable.       Signage from the 6th floor view.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>danibryt
<Content>What a Gem!!! What a treasure! For most people staying downtown Seattle would be preferred, but for my money I will stay in the UW district of town. The hotel was beautiful and the rooms were huge. I definitely recommend a corner room when you stay at this hotel. We took advantage of the great guest carts available for us to check out that suited the needs of my family. We also chose to leave our car in the free underground garage and take advantage of the city's excellent bus system. Walking around the University distict was great too and it gave us a really feeling for the area. The free breakfast was perfect for us, and we ate too many of their delicious afternoon cookies.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AndrewJanes
<Content>The best hotel in Seattle! Wow, this was one of the best hotel experiences I can remember, and it's very good value for what you get. The rooms are so spacious and beautifully designed, unique very modern and elegant furnishings and design, so comfortable. The staff are super helpful, but one of the best features is EVERYTHING is included, no extra charges for internet and the wide variety of interesting little extras they offer, snacks, games, movies etc. Every time we return to Seattle we are now staying here, even though for some visits focussed on downtown there would be more convenient hotels. I'm really looking forward to the next excuse to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ltrevithick
<Content>Best Hotel in Seattle - period! We had the good fortune of getting a room at the Watertown during a recent power outage at home! With two small children, we weren't sure this beautifully appointed, upscale, hotel was the best fit for us - Boy were we pleasantly suprised! The rooms are large and very comfortable with plenty of room to spread out. The architecture is amazing and although it is a contemporary and beautiful hotel with an incredibly accomodating staff, the Watertown manages to not come off as pretentious. We even saw the General Manager helping someone to their room with their bags! We had a fantastic time as a family and with the speciality carts the Watertown offers, the kids had plenty of fun activities...As a result of that power outage, we discovered the Watertown, had a wonderful downtown Seattle experience, and plan to return sans children for a romantic weekend away very soon. You absolutely can't go wrong choosing the Watertown for your next vacations, business trip, or romantic getaway!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlohaMember
<Content>Great Hotel, one little miss, one bigger miss I stayed at the Watertown over the week-end, checking in late Friday and leaving first thing Monday morning. The hotel is very easy to find, and they offer free cover, underground parking which is very nice. Checking in was a quick painless process. They offer a very good free breakfast, and is very liberal with providing free newspapers (Seattle Post, New York Times on the week-end, USA Today on weekdays).The room is big with a separate work desk and an extra sink in the main part of the room. There is a sign on the bathroom sink that says the tap water is filtered (never seen that anywhere else). The little miss was a welcome card, candy, bottle of mineral water, coupon for 2 free items at the hotel's convenience store BUT addressed to someone else. When I returned the card and coupon etc., the front desk person the next day said sorry and that was it. : )The bigger miss was that I could hear the person on the top (6th floor) directly above me, trodding around the room. This was at 6 in the morning, and woke me up from desparately needed sleep. I was wishing bad things upon him / her. By then, I was up and couldn't get back to sleep. Thankfully was only 1 night.In spite of the above, I would still recommend the Watertown, since a lead footed person is not really the hotel's fault.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dulce19
<Content>Wonderful experience My partner and I stayed at this hotel on a visit to the University of Washington. We were continually impressed. Everything about our stay was wonderful: from the view to the continental breakfast. Complementary underground parking was FREE and made having a rental car less of a hassle. The various carts were a neat idea, and my partner really enjoyed the spa cart while relaxing with a cup of tea in our room. The room had all the amenities we could want: coffee maker (with Starbucks coffee), refrigerator, cable tv, in-room safe, Aveda bath products...they even had bathrobes!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jetaapres
<Content>What a Great Find! I have stayed in Seattle many times, in the Lake Union Area, downtown and near the WA Convention Centre. This was my 1st experience in in UW area. I have to tell you that I have never had a better experiece and thoughtful, caring service than at the Watertown. This is a modern, clean hotel that has really remembered that customer serive is what it is about. If you have business with UW and especially the UW Medical Center, this is the place. I strongly reccomend it!Ronn PattonCSU East Bay  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cacaoqueen
<Content>Wonderful accomodations in Seattle University District We've stayed here three times, and would need to have serious ongoing need to be downtown to consider staying anywhere else. Family members live nearby in the UD, so this is a convenient location. The whole place has a crisp, modern aesthetic, with great textiles. Rooms are clean, green, spacious and comfortable. Great beds and pillows. I really don't need to bring my own. I appreciate the recycle container in the room, web access, fridge, safe, microwave and good coffee. And exercise room , parking and laundry facilities. You can borrow a bike if you'd like to. And it's totally nonsmoking.Breakfast is served downstairs in an area that doubles as a winebar/tapas place in the evening. It's a fine contental breakfast, all I need and more.There is also a shuttle to UW, downtown, etc, but we haven't used it.Have a great trip!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colleen_travelqu
<Content>Good hotel, but not really a Seattle experience We live in the Seattle area and booked this hotel because of the wind damage and we were without power for more than a week. We stayed here for 3 of those nights in two different rooms. I guess I was surprised that this hotel was rated so high as most locals have not even heard of it. We only knew about it because our son does not live far from here.The hotel was totally booked during this time period because so many people were without power. The front desk people were overwhelmed because of all the calls, etc. but they handled it very well. The rooms are good size, the bathrooms are very nice. It is done rather modern style - but not cold. The restaurant downstairs does mainly appetizer type food, but the soups/salads, etc. are very tasty. They have wine tasting in the evening, but it is not like the Kimpton Hotels - you get a voucher which allows you to have a small tasting of a red and a white wine. Would I stay here again? Yes, if my power went out. But if I were a tourist coming here to Seattle for the first time? No. This hotel is a distance from downtown Seattle - 10 minutes by car when traffic is good. Is there anything else in the neighborhood? No. If you have a child or relative that is going to the University of Washington and you are here to see them and be involved in their activities - this is the perfect place for you. If you are here to experience what the vibe of Seattle is - pay an extra $50 if you can and stay downtown Seattle. It is so different. The restaurants within walking distance of downtown hotels are incredible. There are excellent restaurants in this same area as the Watertown (Tilth) but it is a cab ride. Also, as one of the previous reviewers stated - if this hotel is full - it is noisy. We were about 5 doors from the elevator, but I could hear it bling everytime the elevator hit our floor. Also, the people above us must have had children that were busy - they hit the floor at 6AM and it sounded like floor hockey above us for the next 2 hours until they took them for breakfast. If you aren't on one of the top floors looking south - you look at a busy street.This area is an interesting area of Seattle. We love it and have bought a condo in this area where we plan to eventually move. However, it is an area of transition - it is not a typical area of Seattle. There is not much to do or see here - you are dependent on transportation to see the tourist sights. That is why I would recommend this hotel as a hotel, but this is not what I would like you to think all of Seattle represents.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HandsomeRube
<Content>nice hotel...but a few bugs to work out         
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>3411pdx
<Content>Great place - TERRIBLE accoustics I've stayed at this place two different weeks. I love it - I love the concept. However, BRING EARPLUGS! This is the second time that near midnight the footsteps of the guests above sound like kick drums. I'm not a light sleeper. There's nothing to be done about this - but it is ridiculous.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Wheelchair_Traveller
<Content>Great staff, good wheelchair access My partner and I stayed here for four nights in May 2006. I'm a wheelchair user and chose the hotel based on price (cheaper than downtown Seattle), complimentary continental breakfast, proximity to shopping and eating spots around UW and wheelchair accessibility. We booked directly from Australia via email and fax and were very pleasantly surprised to receive a prompt, written confirmation of our booking. The hotel and staff did not disappoint in the slightest. The staff were young, friendly and helpful, the room accessibility good (no roll-in shower though - something that seems common in accessible hotel rooms in North America). Accessible bus transport to the downtown area is close by and a taxi fare was only approximately USD$12.The location for us was great. As first-time visitors to Seattle, we did not 'click' with the city as a whole, but really enjoyed the eating spots and shopping in the area around the hotel. Several cheap cafes and restaurants were located just three blocks away. The hotel itself did not offer room service, but had a fantastic in-room dining arrangement with a wide variety of restaurants offering delivery to your room. On our last day, we were booked to travel by train to Chicago, but were having difficulty getting a taxi to take us and our luggage downtown to the train station, despite the best efforts of front desk staff. The staff kindly offered to take us at no cost downtown using the hotel shuttle, even though this was strictly speaking not accessible (I needed assistance to get into the shuttle).Overall, a great experience and a hotel highly recommended for any Seattle stay.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>susanSeattle
<Content>5-star staff, 5-star hotel My family and I were surprised and delighted with our stay at the Watertown Hotel. We were delighted with the nice, nice, approachable staff that were imbued with a sense of service and pride.Surprised by the lovely design and the cleanliness of the hotel. Nice colors, finishes and great furniture choices make the hotel feel inviting and upscale. Delighted by touches such as Starbucks as the in-room coffee choice. And, the free Internet accessetting up the laptop was a breeze.We were very comfortable and appreciated the unobtrusive security and convenience the hotel offers. The Portage Bay Cafe right down the street was another plus. All in all, a great place to stay in Seattle if you like a sophisticated comfortable hotel with an urban twist.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyNorthwesterner
<Content>HIgh Convenience and Comfort Great location, exceptional staff, all the amentities you hope for. We drove to Seattle from out of state. Parking the car (free) and using the shuttle was fantastic. A relaxing way to get around. Room has all the amentities and comforts you need. We used the fridge and coffee maker to save some money. There is a free breakfast and evening reception, great way to meet people. Our room had great city views, very neat at night. Carpets and bathroom were very clean.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thanks2all
<Content>Overwhelming service All members of staff were accommodating, pleasant and helpful. The shuttle service was excellent; the designated pick-up and drop-off points were conveniently located, and the drivers were always available.The manager actually went out of his way to deliver several items that I had forgotten in the safe before I left the city.I highly recommend this hotel, and will certainly stay there during my next visit to Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hotelreviewer333
<Content>Have to Agree--Watertown is GREAT After trying all different Seattle downtown and north/south metro hotels over the years, I gave Watertown a shot based on all the great reviews and--wow--was everybody right! I was there 4 nights and it poured pretty much everyday but was a restful and relaxing place to stay. I had a suite which reminded more of some of the modern boutique hotels I've stayed in large cities in Australia and Europe. I loved that the windows opened (European style) and the spaciousness of the suite, and all the funky yet very nice decorations. Breakfast bar each morning was better than most any I've ever had--who has guava juice besides here? The free parking was also a draw for me and saved me a good $80 over the downtown hotels that charge an arm  a leg. I had a trade show at the Seattle convention center and it was a snap getting there  back--less than 10 minutes even with Seattle's notoriously horrible traffice on I-5. When it wasn't raining I did get out to walk to the shops  restaurants in the University District, which were just a few minutes away. This hotel is very convenient off of I-5 and in the U District, but was very quiet and located in a nice non-busy neighborhood. I'll never stay anywhere else in Seattle from now on!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NoCal_BizTraveler
<Content>Pouring Rain - Great Hotel I stayed one night at the Watertown for a meeting at UW. Not sure where to start. The flight was terrible, weather wet, and meeting mediocre. The hotel was perfect.First, I drove into the secure underground parking lot - dry and out of the wind. Perfect.Next, upon checking in I was given a flight of wine at the hotel's lovely lounge. They also had a nice bowl of fresh, hot, organic and local soup with bread. Finished with warmed cookies. And a pick of a very nice local wine for a great price. Perfect.The room was simple with some nice touches. First they gave me the book lovers cart (free) with lots of fun books to read. When I come back with my baby, we'll get the art cart or kids cart (or both!). Coffee, tea and popcorn (unlike chains, they don't charge you $10 to touch the stuff, it's included). Filtered water, nice bathroom and a sink with drawers. Perfect.The rooms were business traveler AND kid friendly. Very bright and airy. Windows opened in a kid-safe manner, room was spacious, and my view was of the UW campus and bay.Lastly, they accommodated me by letting me keep my car in the garage rather than making me go find parking on campus after I checked out. They also gave me a nifty map with my room key. Staff were friendly locals who made sure everything I needed was available to me.I've been staying at Hyatts, W, Omni hotels for a month on travel and this one seemed to be the perfect blend of just what I needed without the fuss (and added expenses) of other hotels.I will absolutely return this summer with my family and next year for my annual meeting at UW.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sharonae
<Content>Hi tech zen and total comfort . . .       Seattle downtown from hotel  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sciencewriter
<Content>Loved this unique hotel The Watertown's tagline is a unique urban hotel and it truly is! I stayed here for a one-night business meeting and then I was taking a red-eye flight to the East Coast the next day. I could not have asked for a better night's sleep and a more relaxing, enjoyable experience. The staff were not just helpful and friendly, they would bend-over-backwards to help you in any way they could. The hotel has very modern furnishings and many tiny extras that add up to a wonderful stay (cookies at check-in, Aveda toiletry products, terry cloth robes, filtered tap water in rooms, coffee/tea/popcorn/microwave, free shuttle around town). The included breakfast was not your standard pastries and fruit and cold cereal, but all that, plus eggs, bacon, toast, bagels, yogurt, hot cereal, etc etc. The absolute best part of this hotel are the free A La Cartes they will bring to your room--I got the spa cart with a foot bath, relaxing CDs and player, aromatherapy, and massagers. It was great and they have lots of other great carts for kids or a rainy day, too. I did not get a chance to use my complimentary wine tasting coupon in the attached wine bar, but I'm sure it would have been as wonderful as everything else associated with the Watertown! If you are headed to the University of Washington campus or just want to stay a bit outside of downtown Seattle, this is the place for you! It's not incredibly cheap (with taxes, my night was about $170), but it's well worth it when you figure in breakfast, a free wine tasting, and excellent customer service!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AEC in SF
<Content>Our new fave hotel in Seattle We always rent a car, so the location's fabulous for us -- you're so close to I-5 and 45th Street that getting anywhere in town is simple and fast, and free parking in a secure garage can't be beat. If you're doing the usual tourist stuff, they'll drop you off downtown in their shuttle.The design is modern but not too wild; the beds are comfy, and the views gorgeous. The bathroom layout is great for two people: the toilet and shower are in a private room, and there's a large vanity in the dressing area, separated from the sleeping area by a freestanding closet that opens from both sides.Free breakfast is so-so, but you get what you pay for.The people who work here were very helpful and polite; housekeeping stayed out of our hair when we wanted to sleep in, and yet managed to clean the room every day.We paid $145 a night for a room that would have cost close to twice that amount downtown.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Oswego73
<Content>The Watertown: Great rooms, great views! We live nearby, and when we had to (on very short notice) move out of our house for a week during some remodelling work, we found the Watertown online, and booked a week there. I'd known friends who'd stayed there because it was near the University, but we'd never been there and had just driven by on occasion. Our experience was top-notch: we showed up about an hour after we'd made the reservation online (and about 2 hours after our contractor told us that we'd need to vacate our home for 5 days!), and they were very organized, and prepared, given that we'd just made the reservation. Our room was beautiful, and the view of Lake Union and Queen Anne was lovely. We enjoyed the proximity to the U-District, and ended up walking everywhere or taking the bus downtown... it was easiest just to leave the car in the parking garage and hop on a bus to get downtown, or just walk a couple of blocks to dinner, shopping, and grocery stores. Plus we could walk to all the movie theaters. So, we ended up having an unexpected but great stay in the Watertown, and had a fabulous time exploring the area on foot, which we hadn't done for ages. The fixtures, linens, and finishes were all luxurious and elegant, and our room felt very spacious. The staff made our stay even better: they were professional, welcoming, and helped us with bus schedules and movie times. The breakfast was also decent: we didn't expect The Four Seasons, but it was miles above a typical continental breakfast in a hotel chain. Real coffee, fresh juice, and organic yogurt w/ fresh fruit. Yum!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>touristfromTexas
<Content>Great Stay at the Watertown Seattle       Watertown Lobby  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>AWaysToGo
<Content>Cool Urban Hotel My husband and I stayed here one night when we took our son to UW. We booked through Expedia for a standard room, but was upgraded to a Jacuzzi Spa room. It was fabulous. Starbucks coffee  machine, teas, microwave with popcorn, nice tv and a sofa in room. Underground parking safe and very clean. Apples, cookies and wine tasting when we arrived. Asked for the spa cart and it was lacking... a few sample shampoos, a massager, and a broken aroma thing. Staff was helpful in booking restaurant. Breakfast was packed so we went to a great cafe down the street... Portage Bay Cafe. Great french toast and omelets!!! Probably will stay again next time we visit son.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GD2004
<Content>Really nice rooms, nice shuttle On the whole this is a great bargain and a lovely hotel. The only thing that pushes me from saying excellent is that I wasn't really wild about the university district per se. Although I knew it wasn't downtown, I was hoping for more like Harvard Square and it's more like Westwood/UCLA area. Certainly not the hotel's fault, but not the kind of immediate area you want to go stroll through. Shuttle service was excellent and convenient, used it three times.The room is lovely, well laid out, tasteful.The breakfast had many nice touches - fresh fruit including kiwi.The hotel is such a bargain - over $100 less than downtown hotels.We had the spa cart and really enjoyed it; parking was free, shuttle was free and very easy and accomodating. Very clean, stylish, comfortable bed.I'm sure everyone coming to Seattle will hit Pike's Market, Space needle, and Experience Music Project anyway, but let me just throw in that these were great fun. If you're into music also check out the Larks music store near Pikes, lots of cool stuff to see. Also Crittendon Locks is well worth seeing (in the Ballard area). Genie  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Timely
<Content>A Unique Urban Hotel We stayed at the Watertown in late August for a wedding. Rooms were spacious and well laid out.In room service was exceptional.The car service to downtown Seattle was well managed and we used it several times.The morning breakfast was super.The staff were very helpful.We cannot say enough about this fine Hotel which is worth its title of A Unique Urban Hotel.Thank you - the Clock family  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agia
<Content>Don't Be Misled I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site for Labor Day Weekend. Thought the reviews were to good to be true based on other guides that listed this hotel.As I quickly learned on arriving, this is just a basic budget hotel. The hotel was clean and the staff was accomodating but they appeared to be young inexperienced college students.From the studio descriptions listed I expected a kitchenette with a full sized refrigerator and a stovetop. Instead it was your usual small hotel refrigerator and a small microwave. Don't think you are going to get a studio like other hotel chains that offer a studio.The continental breafast was pathetic. The main item being offered were boiled eggs (for breakfast no less). The only thing I had at breakfast was a glass of guava juice.I thought the price was rathar high at $155 a night but I reasoned that if I was receiving a studio at a splendid hotel it would be a bargain. Instead I received the basic hotel room with no room service ,no view to speak of and an uncomfortable bed. To me it was worth about $90. You must know that the area this hotel is in is not the best. I tried to find a good restaurant on Universty Ave. in the area and felt unsafe with some of the individuals that approached me on the street for money.I checked out after the first night. Ended up staying at a Homewood Suites near downtown (see review) at about the same price and was completely satisfied.In conclusion I would say that unless you need to be near UW or Safeco Headquarters you probably can find a better hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Apala
<Content>A great hotel! Our family thoroughly enjoyed our 2-night stay at the Watertown. On first sight, it actually looked more like a new condominium. The room was spacious, modern, clean and well kept. We even had a great view of Mount Rainier, the Space Needle, and parts of downtown Seattle. The staff were very courteous, helpful, and obviously took a lot of pride in their hotel. The breakfast was very good and satisfying. The surf cart (computer and printer) was a real bonus as it allowed me to help plan the rest of our vacation in the Pacific Northwest. The free downtown shuttle was very convenient and a real cost saver, reducing the number of days of renting a car. When we did get a car, the secured underground parking came at no extra charge, unlike most hotels in the downtown area. It is conveniently located in the University area with its wide variety of restaurants, markets, stores, and bus routes. Just about our only disappointment was not having enough time to take advantage of the hotel's free bicycles and explore the nearby trails and not being able to get reservations here during the third portion of our trip. The Watertown is a truly unique hotel and I wish that there were more hotels like it throughout the U.S.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ESLer
<Content>Excellent hotel This is an excellent alternative to the hotels in the crowded downtown area. The Watertown is in the university district of Seattle. The rooms are large, with great views, spotless and extremely quiet. The staff were uniformly helpful. The breakfast (included in the rate) was superb, and there is a daily wine tasting, free to hotel guests. Bicycles are free so you can bike in the area or to nearby parks (Green Lake is good). Within walking distance are many small restaurants serving different ethnic foods and several good bookstores. The hotel also provides a free shuttle to and from downtown. I can say nothing negative about this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iraform
<Content>Very accommodating I expected the Watertown Hotel to be a nice place ?and it was ?but the thing that separated it from the pack of hotels I've stayed at lately is the attitude of the employees. Whatever you asked, it seemed, the answer was Yes. Can I get a computer in my room? Sure. Can I use your office computer to print out 60 sheets of data? No problem. Call me a car that can take me to the airport for a more-than-reasonable price? Right away. There was never any of that infuriating, Sorry, I'll have to ask the manager, or, Corporate says we're not allowed to do that. I asked, and they said yes ?even when I took more than one chocolate chip cookie.A few more nice things about Watertown: The rooms are well laid out, with the bathroom and dressing area tucked away in a private nook behind the TV stand-wardrobe; the University District restaurants, coffee houses, and shops are a five-minute walk away ?closer than it looks on a map ?and downtown Seattle is a 10-minute drive; the free breakfast (eggs, bacon, fruit, bagels, toast, spreads, juices, cereals) is generous, and the restaurant area and outside tables are great spots to relax with a cup of coffee all through the day; the parking is free! Fourteen members of my family stayed at Watertown and its sister property the University Inn, which is a block down the street. The Watertown is definitely an adult hotel. The University Inn is better for children, with more of a family vibe and a nice little pool. I'd stay at either one again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mitch&Ove
<Content>What a find! If you're visiting Seattle and you don't mind being an easy 20 min bus ride away from downtown then book this hotel!!Stayed in the Watertown Hotel after reading good reviews on Tripadvsor. So glad we did! The room was lovely - big, beautifully furnished and equipped (massive bed, airconditioned, great bathroom, microwave- complete with popcorn, starbucks coffee provided etc etc) and the hotel was clean and smart. We turned up for the complimentary breakfast, thinking it would be a curled up danish and lukewarm coffee to find that there was a choice of juices, cereals, bagels, danishes, eggs, bacon, sausages, yoghurts, and loads more). The hotel provided free, secure parking, a laundry, free loan of bikes, a gym and best of all, complimentary carts. Order them when you book or arrive and a cart will be delivered to your room. We borrowed the relaxation cart (lovely spa products - body lotion, bath salts etc, a food spa, massage machine, CD player and relaxing cd's) and the internet cart (computer and printer), but there were loads more on offer - a games cart (lots of board games), kids cart (plug socket covers, kids bath toys etc), grumpy cart (not sure what was on this) night night cart (aromatherapy products and white noise machine) to name a few. Although the hotel is a bus ride out of Seattle's centre, it was still a great location, in the middle of the University district. There were lots of good bars  restaurants just a block away. The hotel provides a free shuttle service downtown and it's also on main bus routes. We reckoned this was one of the best hotels we'd ever stayed in when you considered the location, room, standard of breakfast, service etc. Didn't want to leave  would definately stay there if we ever visit Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NCjohnboy
<Content>Great Hotel!! What an enjoyable stay. This hip, stylish hotel was a bargain at $155 per night. Excellent service at the front desk. The room was large and the beds were very comfortable. Everything seemed new. They showed an attention to detail that is very unusual. A water filter under the sink. Alcohol swabs at each telephone. Real scrambled eggs and great bacon at the breakfast buffet that was included in the price. You get the idea. Very nice neighborhood with easy access to I-5.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>farlucy
<Content>U-District Find! We just spent a long weekend at the Watertown. We really enjoyed the unique amenities such as complementary bicycles, evening wine-tasting, free shuttle, and chocolate chip cookes. Guests can also request themed 'carts'. We chose the spa cart, which included a foot messager and message wand. The hotel is clean and rooms are generous in size. They gave us a complementary upgrade to a suite, which was great. Large room with living/dining area. Only minor complaints: wireless internet was pretty slow (although we never tried using their cable connection), and once the shuttle left without us despite our having made reservations. Suggest if you plan to use the shuttle be downstairs and on watch for its arrival.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>austinbride05
<Content>Gorgeous Views at Watertown!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fluoresce
<Content>great for business travelers, singles and couples I've been traveling to Seattle from the San Francisco Bay Area every week for the past two months (late April-late June 2006) and my favorite hotel I've ever stayed at for any business trip is the Watertown. I look forward to staying there, if it's not already booked up for my trip. It's been pretty busy since the summer started.It feels more like an apartment than a conventional hotel. For me it's a home away from home. It's relatively new so everything in the rooms and the lobby is modern and clean. The parking garage is well-lit. The rooms all have microwaves and mini-fridges. The breakfast (eggs and bacon, yogurt, fruit, yummy scones that are cookie-like, juices), complimentary wine tasting 5pm-9pm, Hershey's chocolates in the rooms are nice touches. There's a minimart type area in the lobby if you need some quick snacks. I've heard good things about the free carts (art, relaxing, computer or movie) too, but haven't done that yet.Unlike some downtown Seattle hotels (Watertown is not in downtown but near University of Washington), parking is free.Potential downsides - checkout, if you want a receipt when you leave, is at the counter only. Shuttle to downtown stops at 7pm and is only hourly, which may not be often enough if you want to sightsee or shop downtown. The neighborhood isn't really touristy as far as walking around for stuff to do. These aren't that important to me, so it depends on what you're looking for.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I really wanted to like the Watertown, but...... Our first two days at the Watertown were great. We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the chocolate chip cookies in the lobby. It was a good value for the price we were paying....until our 3rd day.We left at 7am in the morning and when we returned at 3pm I was surprised to see a maid's cart on the floor. I didn't think much of it until we went in our room and saw that the room wasn't made up. We were in town for a wedding that was starting in 2 hours, so we picked up a couple towels from the floor and started getting ready. While I was in the shower housekeeping stopped by. My husband explained that we were getting ready and to come back after 4pm. A few minutes later we got a call from the front desk saying that if we didn't get our room cleaned right then that it wouldn't be cleaned at all. Finally the front desk said that the room would be made up after 6pm. That was fine with us, since we were going to be out until late in the evening. To our surprise at 4pm housekeeping showed up again. We were almost ready, so told them to come back in 10 minutes and we would be gone. Two minutes later the front desk called and said that the maid had left and that our room would not be cleaned up. The conversation went back and forth with the front desk. Even at a Motel 6 I expect to have my room made up. In the end as we were leaving I gave the front desk my blackberry number and told them to have the manager call me if they were unable to get our room cleaned. The clerk at the front desk (who was giving us some serious attitude) got off the phone (with whom appeared to be the offsite manager) and announced that she was going to clean our room and to not exepct much since she wasn't a trained housekeeper.We returned to a room that appeared to be cleaned, except for that there were no bath towels in the room and instead we were left with 5 bath mats! Maybe that was the clerk's way of getting even with us.The front desk appeared to be staffed by college students and not once between Thursday and Sunday did we see a manager or someone who appeared over 25 years old. I really question who is in charge here. I shouldn't have to argue with a clerk over whether my room is going to be cleaned, especially when I was gone for 8 hours during the day. I did contact the manager when I returned home. They did say that my experience should not have happened. They offered me $20 off a future stay. No thank you. I'd rather stay some place where I can be assured of clean towels and no attitude!If everything is going well and you have low expectations, I think the Watertown is a fine place to stay. But if anything out of the ordinary happens (like housecleaning not being able to get rooms clean by 3pm), good luck!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Successful girlfriend's shopping weekend! This was my third stay at Watertown Hotel. Every stay has been absolutely wonderful. I am so glad I found this Hotel on Tripadvisor. This past weekend, two girlsfriendds and I stayed at the Watertown Hotel. My girlfriends who have stayed at the Fairmont previously, said they preferred the Watertown Hotel espcially for a girlfriends shopping weekend. Getting to the highway was easy and convenient.The room rates are reasonable, the parking is free and breakfast is included. Which gave us a great start to our power shopping day! The room size was perfect and the tall mirror is great for checking out our shopping purchases and the vanity on the outside of the bathroom was great!After a long day of shopping, we watched a movie on the Xbox - all provided by the hotel.One of my favorite perks is access to Starbucks coffee all day/night. All three of us had an absolutely wonderful time at the hotel. Thanks again Watertown! My girlfriends said they would definitely return to your hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aboxall
<Content>I recommend it We stayed at the Watertown during a visit to the University of Washington. The staff were brilliant and the accommodation and facilities were excellent. Clearly a lot of thought has gone into making guest stays as comfortable as possible. Even though the hotel is a little out of town, the public transport system is so good and cheap that this doesn't matter.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cousin_Jeff
<Content>Great Location + Lots of Perks My daughter is interested in attending the University of Washington, so she and I visited Seattle in April and stayed at the Watertown. It's only a few blocks from the UW campus - easy walking distance.The hotel had many amenities that appealed to us and made it our choice over the cheaper hotels available in the campus area:- Bikes and helmets are available free of charge. We took a nice ride along the nearby Burke-Gilman Trail. However, their bikes were not in the best condition. They told me some were in the shop, and those that were left were barely adequate. If you're a serious biker, I'd call ahead and make sure there are some good ones available.- Free carts of various entertainments were available. It turned out we didn't use any, but I can see how they'd be great for families with young kids in particular.- Free high-speed Internet.- Free shuttle to the downtown (and back).- Free breakfast, which isn't at Embassy Suites quality, but does include scrambled eggs, cereal, and scones. And there are chocolate chip cookies in the lobby.Rooms are nicely sized and attractive. Also lots of cable channels available. The Starbucks coffee and candies were a nice touch too.There is also a reasonably priced shuttle (Town Car!) service to and from the airport, so we didn't have to rent a car or pay for parking. Info is on their web site.Overall, I'd say it's a very good value for the Seattle area, and I'd recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I have never felt compelled to write a hotel review before, but I just loved this hotel. I stayed three nights for business. The lobby and room were beautifully decorated, so clean, included free breakfast and wine tasting, cookies in the lobby and they will even loan you a bicycle! The staff was incredibley accomodating and they have these great carts you can order for free! They have carts with activities for kids, a relaxation cart, a movie cart, a book cart and more. They also serve a lovely assortment of teas and Starbuck's coffee in every room. The price was very reasonable. When I come to Seattle, I won't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A clean, quiet respite We visit Seattle because we have family there. Often, our daughter and son in law's home has other quests so we stay in a hotel. In five years we have tried several. Never have we had a more reasonably priced, clean, comfortable stay than at the Watertown. The Watertown will be our only hotel choice in the future. We felt safe, got the rest we needed and were delighted with our stay.They provide these wonderful carts with books, toys, movies, whatever the need to fill your down time with an entertaining, and meaningful things for guests to do.The staff is friendly and helpful. Well worth your consideration.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dana5002
<Content>Wonderful hotel!! My son and I stayed at Watertown hotel for 3 nights, March 8 thru the 11th. Since we were there to visit the University, it was within walking distance. What a wonderful hotel and a fantastic staff!! Everyone was so helpful in helping find places to go, restuarants to try, and points of interest in the city. We ended up having an extra teenager with us and they were very accomandating in finding a bigger room. No one seemed like it was a bother to help, they were eager to make us happy. A great breakfast was served and of course Starbucks coffee was in every room! I was very impressed with everything in the hotel. I would go there again next time we are in the city. I reccomend this place to anyone who comes to Seattle. Thanks Watertown Management and STaff for making us feel so welcome!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>love2gonow
<Content>Perfect place to stay for UW Graduation! We stayed at Watertown because we attended the UW Graduation. Fabulous! Spacious, clean, great ammenities, internet access, very nice breakfast (included), free secured parking, shuttle to campus, fresh cookies and even umbrellas! Loved it and highly recommend to anyone going for UW Graduation!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience We had a great experience at this hotel. We chose it because it is located close to the University of Washington and we were visiting our son. However it has many other benefits that will make us stay there again. For example, they have free parking, a very nice and convenient buffet breakfast, carts with videos, computers, or other interests which are available without charge, and a washer/dryer on your floor which can be used without charge. They also have wine tasting in the evening. We borrowed their bicycles to get some exercise and visit the Gasworks park. It was a great experience. The staff is very helpful and friendly. It also is a very secure hotel in which you have to use your charge card type key in the elevators to go up to your floor. The only negative thing I can contribute is that they need to maintain their bicycles better. Otherwise I would recommend that Watertown Hotel to anyone visiting Seattle, especially if you wabt to stay near UW.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not quite as advertised This hotel definitely does have some nice elements -- the decor, for example. It's relatively new, clean, and the parking was free and convenient. The free internet access in the room was quick and easy. But overall, it was billed with more hype than it delivered. It pretends to be hip and urban, but it's just a small-town hotel with limited amenities:-- Our city view room with king bed was small, and the bathroom had barely enough room to turn around in. And don't bother paying for that city view. Ours was obstructed by neighboring buildings. -- Breakfast is merely weak Starbucks coffee, some boiled eggs and a lot of sugar and bread. Go down to the Portage Bay Cafe instead and buy a remarkable breakfast.-- The shuttle service that supposedly makes several downtown stops made just one, and the latest pickup back to the hotel is 7:30 p.m. -- The wine tasting had an expansive list -- but it was limited to two tastings (each of which was about three sips). No cheese or bread was offered with the tastings.-- There is no room service, and no food at the restaurant on weekends. The week night menu is very limited. However, the nearby Portage Bay Cafe is excellent! However, it closes at 3 p.m. and there's nothing decent within walking distance. If you want to eat dinner, you'll need to find your own transportation or you'll need to take the shuttle downtown (and remember, you'll need to catch the last shuttle back by 7:30 p.m.)-- There's no pool. If you want to swim, you'll need to walk to a neighboring hotel.-- There's no express check out; no pre-bill under your door on the day of your departure.-- Forget the carts. You get to choose just one, regardless of the length of your stay. We chose the CD cart, which amounted to a boombox left on the bed.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great single woman's retreat This hotel is a small treasure, and should be complimented for the wonderful hospitality I enjoyed while there. My husband had surgery at UW Med Center and not only was their location ideal (with complimentary shuttle service to the hospital), but the staff went out of their way to make me feel at home. The hotel's secure underground parking and the overall atmosphere in the hotel made me feel safe. I also felt welcome and totally comfortable sitting alone in their wine bar in the early evenings, where I could wind down with their complimentary wine tasting, and also where I enjoyed a couple of light dinners. Their complimentary a la carte movies were wonderful in- room entertainment. I'd recommend this clean and smartly decorated little hotel to anyone planning to be in the U district, not downtown Seattle. Its convenient walking distance to banking, eateries and shopping was also nice.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Downpat
<Content>Best North Seattle Hotel What a cool hotel. Definitely the place to stay in north Seattle. Love the shuttles to downtown, the U village shopping center and Adobe. Now my favorite place to stay when I am not required to be in the downtown area.Love all the extra touches like the alacarts.The free wine tasting, cookies and breakast were awesome.The lite meal was perfect on one of the coldest nights in Seattle in a long time. We did not want to out for dinner too cold. The warm hospitality made the difference.I also liked the added security touches of the keyed elevator.Will definitely stay there again! Great Value!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not in the City This hotel is average with some interesting amenities. Most importantly, it is 5 miles from the city center, therefore the location relative to most of the other top 20 hotels is sub par. Seems the reviews on this site fail to really get that across. I was fooled by the hype and positive comments and not having travelled to Seattle, I was unaware of how far this hotel was from the others in the City. Definately not a top ten hotel in Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SalukisGirl
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed here on our way through Seattle last year. This is now one of his favorite hotels. I had lived in Seattle, so I knew the location, while away from downtown, was still near some great neighborhoods. Rooms were very clean and modern, staff was helpful, Starbucks and Tea all day in the lobby. We used the free loaner bikes, which were a great way to get around.This was a great place to stay in Seattle, w/ lots of perks, at a very affordable price.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chauchat
<Content>Try the relaxation package... We just stayed at Watertown last week. If you don't mind being away from downtown, it's a fun place to be. We loved our suite--it was large and open, with built-in furnishings. The staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful--we were out of toothpaste, and the person at the desk went to the sister hotel to get us a tube. The cartes are a lot of fun--ours had all kinds of goodies to help us relax, which was precisely what we were there for. Everything is inexpensive--free breakfast and wine tasting during the week, tasty snacks with the wine which for us served as a light dinner. If you have a choice, and you are going to spend time in the room, I would recommend a suite. The regular rooms are fine, but the spacious feel of the suite is much nicer.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel My mom and dad, sister, husband and I stayed here over Thanksgiving. There were several parts of our visit that made it memorable.1) comfortable beds with nice sheets2) accomodating, helpful staff3) free wine tastings and delicious cookies4) loaner bikes and bike maps5) great location in the U-District6) snack bar features healthy food too7) building is in great shape at only 3 years of age, yet is very inviting8) a la carte program makes the hotel uniqueWe will definitely stay here the next time we are in town.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Unique Urban Hotel Easy to see why this little gem is listed as one of Seattle's top five. I've stayed in Hilton's in Melbourne Australia, Thistle Hotels in London and none compared to the simple pleasures and friendliness experienced at the Watertown! Be sure to take advantage of their Ala carte service. First time I've ever had a business center come to me. And if you've come to sleep - these are the absolute best beds I've encountered in a hotel - bar none.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Only Place To Stay in Seattle We have stopped counting the number of trips we have had to make to Seattle this last year. This is our very favorite place to stay because of the outstanding facilities and excellent location. We appreciate the healthful breakfast buffet and having a variety of morning newspapers readily available. We had fun on the bikes this summer when we rode through the university close by. During our latest stay, we requested and received a wheelchair accessible room which met our needs. We find the staff very accommodating and friendly. Having the city map with our room key is just one of the thoughtful things that is part of this hotel's way of saying they care about their guests. Of course the variety of carts that are available is a first for any hotel we have ever stayed. There are too many good things about this hotel to mention.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Free Bikes This is a great hotel with lots of nice touches. We stayed in June and had a fabulous time making full use of the free bicycles to travel around Seattle - the pool and the gym are very good too. I loved the little touches, like the free trolley, delivered to the room, with the foot spa, back massager and chill-out music. The wine tasting was another lovely touch. In fact, there are so many free 'extras' that it is hard to fit them all in. The rooms are very modern, without being stark and the location is great. The free taxi to the downtown area was also a boon and the staff were incredibly friendly with great service all round. The hotel was very reasonably priced and I would recommend it most highly. The hotel manages to anticipate what its guests might enjoy and succeeds in ensuring that they feel welcome and pampered. We came back to the UK fitter and more relaxed - which can't be bad. I only wish hotels in the UK could meet these kind of standards.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another Great Weekend We just returned from another great weekend at the Watertown in Seattle. The rooms are great, especially the layout, with the beds on one side and the washroom on the other, separated by a console/closet. The beds are comfy and we loved the pillows. The staff are very helpful and friendly and we like the area. It's close to the University Mall and far enough out of downtown that it's very quiet. Even the parking lot is super clean!We love this hotel and will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sleepycow
<Content>The Wonderful Watertown This was a wonderful experience. The staff couldn't be more helpful, the only problem is that they are going to burn themselves out if they keep going at this rate. We stayed first of all in the Boardroom Suite then in the View Suite - with great views. Well worth just walking up to 'The Ave' just a few blocks away, to visit the 'quirky' shops in the University district.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay Had a wonderful stay at the Watertown. Quiet, comfortable and great staff. I would return again without question.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible service I am a frequent traveler, to the northwest and other parts of the country, and of the countless hotels, BBs and Inns that I have stayed in I have never experienced customer service as I have at the Watertown in the University district in Seattle Washington. As I said I am a seasoned traveler, and have become somewhat picky with my accomadations but the staff at the front desk took care of my every whim almost instantly. One girl gave me reviews area resteraunts that sounded like she was more of a food critic than a front desk agent. I was amazed by everyone that I encountered on my stay and will surely be returning the next time that I am in town!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Norimaki
<Content>A delicious destination I love the Watertown. I stay there every time I'm in Seattle. Myself and my girlfriend spent our third weekend there last month and were as impressed as always by the generous and delicious buffet breakfast, the loaner bikes they have for guests, the clean, bright, airy feel of the lobby and rooms. This was for our first time getting one of the more expensive rooms, and gasp, what a great room! A corner room, with jacuzzi tub, spacious, hip colour scheme. We were both loathe to leave the room. And those spa/ games/ music carts... what a nice touch. Worth the cab ride from town every time.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChgoDiver
<Content>Nice property, spotty service, questionable value         
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible customer service These reviewers were clearly hired by the hotel. The only things that were good about the hotel were the aveda products and the big mirror. Very inexperienced and unprofessional staff treat their guests terribly. I talked to other guests with similar opinion.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZweiHunde
<Content>Great value My wife and I recently spent a night at the Watertown hotel near theUniversity of Washington campus due in large part to the positive reviews posted on this web site. I must say the reviews were right on. This is a well designed hotel with large rooms(King studio), decent location, nice beds, good service and great added extras(wine tasting, free bike use and underground parking). My wife and I also stayed at the Westin downtown on this trip andthe only advantages the Westin has are location and views. Although theWatertown isn't Downtown Seattle it has easy access to great area restaurants (we enjoyed Serafina). The Watertown has 4* accommodations at 3* prices and is worth the savings if you don't mind driving or taking the free shuttle down town. I would also recommending biking through the UW campus the beauty is worth the hills!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't miss with the Watertown! This past August, my family and I had the pleasure to stay at the Watertown Hotel. As advertised, this is indeed a unique hotel. A modern and chic place with comfortable beds and well layed-out rooms. We booked two rooms -- a regular room and a suite. The suite was huge -- and regular room was above average. Furniture in each room was fit for a nice home. Staff was helpful and friendly with no detection of any attitude. The price is moderate to low for the business traveler, perhaps a bit on high end for the family/budget traveler. However, everything is included for one price. Underground well-lit parking, a newspaper, internet access, a great breakfast with Starbucks coffee, the gym, Friday evening wine tasting were all free of charge. The hotel delivered an artist cart to one room and a spa cart to the second at no charge! Each floor has a washer/dryer nicely hidden behind a key-entry closet which came in handy. The hotel is in a residential neighborhood with good restaurants, close to parks and transportation, and 3 blocks from Trader Joes to stock up on snacks and inexpensive wine! For a business traveler who often stays at 4 or 5 star hotels, this hotel is right up there with the best and was indeed a unique experience in a wonderful city!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, comfortable My friend and I stayed at Watertown August 19-21, based on recommendation of a friend who stayed there before, as well as all the great reviews on TripAdvisor. I thought the beds were comfortable, and I loved the decor - though if more than 2 people had lots of clothing, there were not a lot of drawers. Did not discover popcorn until we left! Cookies were good, and wine-tasting was fun. Breakfast was satisfactory. We had one of the rooms on a higher floor -view was overlooking vacant lot and parking lot, as well as part of Seattle skyline and Mt Rainier.Loved being by University of Washington and strolling up and down University Way. Restaurants and stores within a few minutes walk -like different ethnic restaurants. A couple of drugstores to pick up last minute items before our cruise. We did not have a car, used hotel shuttle bus (make reservation in advance for shuttle). There are also city buses that you can take into downtown (cabs are not cheap).  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel       Bedroom Area  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very decent hotel The Watertown Hotel is a really decent place to stay in terms of both quality and value. Our large twin room was clean and comfortable, with Aveda bath products and even a discreet microwave complete with popcorn! The contintental breakfast which is included in the price is also good, you can have bagels, cereal, toast, as well as Starbucks coffee and juice. Plus, don't worry about the fact that it's not 'in town', as you can take a bus from right outside (it really doesn't take long, about 15 mins), or book a place on the free shuttle bus service. It's also really close to the arty enclave of Freemont, which has numerous funky resturants and boutiques. In fact, instead of going downtown, we preferred going there or to nearby Wallingford for dinner.And for no extra cost, you can also have the fun of choosing a 'cart' for your room which you can have for the duration of your stay. There's the TV/DVD cart ( which we chose), the internet cart, the pampering cart, the baby cart etc.. etc... You don't have to take it but it's a nice touch.Also, if you're driving, parking in the underground car park is included in the price. Result!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markOttawa_Canada
<Content>Watertown Hotel -- Amazing! This place is a dream -- we had a great, spacious room. There's a funky, modern, upbeat feeling to the lobby and all of the public spaces.The price includes parking and breakfast, and there is free winetasting every evening.The only downside is that the neighborhood is a little unsavory after dark. But if you have your own car, you can drive directly into the hotel's underground parking.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend the Watertown An excellent experience all around. Not at all the same old, boring hotel decor. I actually enjoyed being in my room! The staff members went out of their way to be helpful, and the breakfast was a treat. I highly recommend the Watertown.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>they lost my online reservation I reserved Watertown hotel on one of the internet travel sites. I printed my confirmation number, rate details, itinerary, address, contact information, credit card verification. All this was a good 6 weeks before the reservation date. Fortunately I arrived into seattle very early in the morning. It was not too late in the afternoon when I called Watertown to confirm. What? no record. They had absolutely no record of my name, my reservation, or my claim to a room. And of course, a Friday night, they had no room for me. Possibly it is not their fault. But I'm confident it is not my mistake, so it could only be an issue between them and the internet site. They were helpful about calling some places for me, to their credit, and helped me find a different place to stay. For these reasons, and the fact that this scale only goes as low as 1, I won't give them a zero for the review. Clearly there are some loose ends with their Internet sales and marketing. I would have liked very much to enjoy the place, but was prevented this time. Hope all of you have better luck.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cool urban hotel Very cool urban hotel. Just a few problems: 1) they booked me and several other guests for the wrong month that day and did not handle the situation very well, 2) room smelled moldy, 3) they have a very friendly inexperienced staffed who accidently charged my room for another room's drycleaning but they did not know who to correct this so i had to wait for several days until their manager got back to have this credited to my credit card  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>toot-toot
<Content>terrific stay! Watertown feels like Scandanavia or northern Europe. Rooms are so clean, modern, and spacious. Natural lighting is excellent for a middle room. Furnishing are contemporary. Breakfast bar serves healthy choices and wine tasting hours are really fun. Great staff and service.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the chocolate-chip cookies!!!! Nightly wine tasting, funky rooms, yummy cookies, super shuttle service, free parking  helpful staff...all within walking distance to the BEST ice cream shop...Need I say more???  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watertown was great My experience with the Watertown was outstanding. The room layout was welcoming and relaxing and the staff was exceptionally accommodating - making reservations for my transportation to and from the airport, giving me directions to my business meetings and restaurants, and providing me with a computer to use during my stay. The breakfast was very good and the wine tasting in the evening was a wonderful way to wind down.I plan to stay at the Watertown whenever I visit Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>way cool watertown! my husband and i stayed at the watertown 2 nights and absolutely loved it! our room was immaculate and hip decor. we felt very safe with the room key use in the elevator and parking below was perfect. hubby loved the high speed internet and i had fun with the spa cart.....it didn't all work perfect but was free so no biggy. room even had free microwave popcorn-yum. the shuttle service was great for going downtown; saved us from parking and getting lost. plenty of restaurants and espresso within walking distance and trader joe's right up the street. we enjoyed walking around all the funky shops a couple blocks away on 'the ave'. free breakfast was good and convenient. all the staff were very nice and professional, although did have 2 phone calls not returned. our room was quiet, a/c worked great and the bed was beyond comfortable! loved the aveda products. check in and out was quick. just can't say enough good things about watertown and we really hope to stay again next year!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amye1976
<Content>Disappointed We spent 4 days on Orcas Island and 4 days in Seattle for our honeymoon in July. After reading all the wonderful reviews on the Watertown we decided to stay there for our Seattle adventure. The budget price and breakfast bar sealed the deal.Then we arrived at the Watertown..it was around 3:30pm in the afternoon. Our room wasn't yet ready, we waited about 15 minutes in the lobby. Not a huge deal. The staff was very nice and accomodating. We stayed in one of the suites...it was quite a large room, but the couch had many visible stains on it and there were hairs in the jacuzzi tub. Eeeeew. The bed was comfortable, the views were of the tops of buildings though, the Aveda products were a nice touch, the breakfast was wonderful. Overall it was an okay place to stay. I don't think we'll ever stay there again. It had a very cold feeling to us, even though the staff was very warm, more of a business traveler hotel I think.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Manoavalley
<Content>Best value in Seattle We have stayed at the Watertown several times in the past two years. It is convenient to the University of Washington and all of its activities. The rooms are always clean, bright and spacious. The free high speed internet access is important for our work. The staff is always helpful but could smile more often. A great amenity is the wine tasting at the end of the day.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EtherTraveler
<Content>Delightful stay at the Watertown Hotel Our family of four enjoyed a three night stay at the Watertown Hotel over July 4th weekend. The hotel was refreshingly pleasant - including the front desk staff's efficient check-in; the clean, bright and large room; the fine continental breakfast and the absolutely brilliant loaner bikes [our family biked to the Chittenden Locks and Discovery Park - awesome!]. Special kudos to Jeff Jackson for the top-notch shuttle service and great recommendation for the right spot from which to view the Lake Union fireworks on July 4th.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The previous ***** reviews said it all! A lot of the previous ***** reviews included a lot of information about the Watertown Hotel so I won't repeat those comments. I loved the decor of our room - it felt more like a modern studio apartment than a hotel room. The vanity counter was very large, which was convenient when we used the microwave. Trader Joe's is only 3 blocks away, so it was easy for us to replenish our supply of snacks.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fluffymichou
<Content>pleasant stay in Watertown We stayed at the Watertown hotel after reading all the great reviews. Definitely it is a nice, clean hotel in a safe quiet neighborhood, right by Safeco. All the rooms have a modern, clean style. the hotel itself is quite new, maybe 5-10 years old. the parking is free (which is a plus considering downtown hotels charge for parking). the complimentary breakfast is a very generous buffet consisting of boiled eggs, frozen waffles, selection of teas and starbucks coffee, jam, butter, toast, cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, some fresh fruits. within walking distance, there are plentiful restaurants just one street over, situated right by the university of washington where you can get good cheap eats and soak in the college atmosphere. other amenities that are nice include aveda hair and skin products in the bathrooms, and you can get a complimentary cart. i got the spa cart which had some nice bath products and a foot massager and relaxing cd. the only gripe i had is driving in to downtown seattle for tourist activities may prove a chore as seattle traffic can be a bit bad. i might try a downtown hotel next time i visit seattle, just to get a better feel for the sophistication of this city. overall though, Watertown is a great hotel for the money.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kawai888
<Content>Great hotel, reasonable price Our family of 4 recently stayed at the Watertown hotel. It is a new hotel and our room (2 queen beds) are tastefully decorated. The bath soaps and lotions came from Aveda, a well know brand. The windows are insulted and you don't hear the noise from the streets. The staff, who must be all college students, are very attentive and friendly. The breakfast buffet is good and definitely a step up from the breakfast from other chain hotels such as residence inn or hampton inn. Since this is a new hotel, all the beddings and furnitures look and feel like new. We asked for a computer cart and it kept the kids busy surfing the internet. THere isn't much tourist activities close by but good resturants and shops are all within short driving distance. U of Washingon is next door and the hotel will lend you a bike to ride around campus. Great exercise during the summer. Overall, a good hotel and a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meem1
<Content>Great stay My teenagers and I stayed at the Watertown for 2 nights while on a college tour of the Pacific Northwest. We chose the hotel based on previous TripAdvisor reviews and had a wonderful stay. We appreciated the very nice though smallish room, large windows and natural light, Temperpedic mattresses, fresh and fun decor, nice quiet hotel, friendly and very helpful staff, very nice breakfast, helpful pre-booking website information, the spa cart (easily ordered in advance via e-mail request and waiting in our room on arrival), free and secure underground parking, secure elevator access to upper floors, quiet neighborhood, and proximity to the University. It was perfect for us. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bunnypug
<Content>Mixed review for Watertown Overall the Watertown property is fresh and original. I appreciated that parking and breakfast are included. The public space features good artwork and interesting design elements. Our board room suite was spacious and well appointed. Comfortable bed and linens, charming porthole in the bathroom door, Aveda bath products, fridge, microwave, dining table for 6....However, service was disappointing. We stayed at the Watertown because we were attending a wedding. When I called to confirm our reservation, I was told check in is at 3 but you are welcome to come early. We arrived at 2:55 and the staff acted as if we were a week early. I was told your room isn't ready, I stood there for over 5 minutes without futher explanation. Eventually after some time passed and it was now past 3, they said they had a room for us. As if it was really a burden. I asked if they could call a cab for us and the man hesitated until I eventually said I would do it. Similar service experiences punctuated our entire visit.Again the rooms are charming. (The views however are not. Ours featured a car body shop and a parking lot. So if the view is important consider staying somewhere else.) The service is definately in the needs improvement category. Not what I expect for a $200 room.Note: I rate this hotel above average based on the decor, cleanliness and amenties of the room, which are more important to me than service. If I weighed service as more valuable I would give this hotel a below average.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TheSponge8
<Content>Loved it My wife and stayed at this hotel a week ago for one night. I thought it was outstanding. I didn't really get some of the negative comments. I thought the neighborhood was pretty interesting, being near the UW campus. There were lots of interesting restaurants and shops and I never felt unsafe. If you are looking for a sterile hotel experience in the middle of a downtown developed zone with the standard TGIF/Gap/Crate and Barrell/generic franchise next door, then this isn't the place for you. But if you are into a quirky neighborhood, close to bike stores, cd stores, offbeat restaurants, and a great trail, this place is terrific! The breakfast is the one of best I've ever had as an included breakfast - starbux coffee, lots of fruit, comfortable environment.My only complaint (and this is relatively minor) is that we ordered the Internet cart and the PC was having some problems... the Internet would only work occassionally.The staff was friendly and knowledgeable - we asked lots of questions and they were always helpful. I didn't really notice that there were a lot of college kids working the front, but thinking back, I guess that was the case.The free underground parking was great too! Enjoyment/Price ratio was very high!Have fun  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>valueseeker1
<Content>Great all around! Staying at the Watertown made our visit to Seattle an all around great experience. We loved the interior decorating, very contemporary and upscale; comfortable rooms with good natural lighting. Watertown offers so many amenities and we enjoyed them all: the excellent continental breakfast, evening wine tasting, fitness room, cookies at the front desk, a la carte game cart, free parking. We took advantage of the complimentary loaner bikes too; we biked through University of Washington and the Arboretum nearby and really enjoyed the local neighborhood. The staff was so very helpful each day. An excellent value. We highly recommend the Watertown!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kivablue
<Content>Very nice hotel! I enjoyed staying at this hotel. The room was super clean and the staff were amazingly friendly. They had lots of extras (which I love!): cool shampoo, soap, etc., and the Ala Cart is a wonderful (and free!) touch. I submitted a comment card because I thought they did an outstanding job and they sent me a personal letter saying 'Thank You'! I have never experienced such great customer service. You'll be impressed if you stay here!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Car Liked it Best Let's be upfront here. The whole point of the Watertown can be summed up by boutique-ish hotel with convenient and free parking. My friends who are sales reps swear by it, so when my work associates and I scheduled a couple of days in Seattle, it seemed like a good choice.The room is newish, looks a bit like an apartment. The windows open. I wasn't crazy about the storage space. The decor is simple. There's a microwave. You can pretend (the way some of my friends do) that you are not on vacation, but actually live in the city you are visiting. OK, so you live in the student ghetto. But there are about a half dozen teriyaki stands to choose from; what more did you want? It's a short drive to better restaurants on Capital Hill.The cart system is clever, but the computer cart is somewhat unworkable. It's hard to comfortbly use. A computer room would work better. My work friends love free hotel breakfasts so let me say it was appreciated by some. For me, eh. Really, it's all about the free parking and easy freeway access. And for tourist stuff, downtown is better.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately a unique urban hotel The previous reviewers were right on the overall cleanliness, decor, amenities of the hotel and the low scale ethnic eateries around the neighborhood. I would like to add my comments on the ala cart amenities and the staff. I agree with some reviews that the ala cart does not offer much practical sense. It is somewhat gimmicky. We ordered a movie cart and when it arrived, my husband and I looked at each other and started laughing ( go to their website and see it yourself). It also appeared that there was only one cart for every a la cart item. We couldn't get the spa cart because someone already got it for the night. The staffs are friendly but they also seem extremely busy. The night we checked in, only one front desk personnel was on duty. He was very busy answering MULTIPLE phone calls while checking us him. When we called down for the morning call service, a young guy on the other line was yarning. I believe most staffs are students. In some way we felt like we were staying at a training hotel.For its price, the hotel is of great value but a rental car is a must if you want to do some sightseeing. A morning jog around the campus was a surprising pleasure-- -beautiful architecture, landscape, and gardens. I visited the reading room in the Suzzallo Library and walked through the waterfront trail around the Union Bay. Both were stunning in their own way--one is man-made and the other is natural. Would I stay here next time? Definitely, if I were on a business trip. If I were in Seattle with family for a vacation, I would stay somewhere else because the decor though hippy does not render a sense of warmth and coziness.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel with great touches This hotel was a wonderful find in Seattle. When we first arrived, I was so happy to know that the parking was free which is so rare in Seattle. They provided shuttles to places we needed to go as well. The breakfast was better than most hotels we have had. We like the little touches too like the freshly baked cookies during the day, the ala carts, and the free high speed internet. We had a one year old baby with us as well and they provided a baby ala cart which provided baby soap, shampoo, extra diaper, etc. Very nice and helpful for families. The only thing I would say is lacking is the pool but you can use the one on the next block. We stayed there a whole week during a conference and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. I would go again.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Cool hotel lost me with the Uncomfortable bed Most of the other reviews hit the nail on the head. This hotel is hip and unlike any other you have ever been too. The furnishings are unusual and kind of fun. The cart program is kind of cool, but more gimmicky than practical. The location is not ideal for tourist activities, but a rental car (free parking) can easily solve that. The staff is courteous, but generally are a bit too busy (check-in and check-out were both over 5 minutes). The free continental breakfast is a nice touch, but not of superior quality. The fitness room is VERY small and not private (it opens to the breakfast area and has sidewalk-level windows in a busy college area).Unfortunately, a comfortable bed can make or break a hotel. We stayed in a suite, and our bed was EXTREMELY uncomfortable. To add to the coolness factor, the mattress was placed on a solid wood block with no boxspring. This made for a mattress that progressively felt firmer the longer you slept on it. The worst feeling in the world is to cut your sleep short in the morning because its just too uncomfortable. It took about an hour or so to work the kinks out of our back. In all, this hotel has a laundry list of things going for it. However, only the hotel and room decor is where they appear to have gone the extra mile. Everything else appears to have been added to bolster its amenities list, but not a whole lot of PRACTICAL thought went with it.For me, I wouldn't plan a lengthy vacation at this hotel as the coolness factor will wear out in about 2 days. What you will be left with is a longing for traditional amenities in a more central location.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Iravros
<Content>What a find! I spend about 60 nights a year away from home and this place has just jumped to the top of my list. Not only is it sylish and smartly appointed, I love not being nickled and dimed to death- parking, breakfast, wi-fi, loaner bikes, bottled water, microwave, frige, even their cool carts (see their site) all included. I wish they were everywhere I had to go.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Watertown!! Stayed in Watertown for the second time. Rooms are nicely designed and furnished. It has free parking in an underground garage and I was able to get to Seattle Center in ten minutes and downtown in less than twenty minutes during morning commuting hours. There was a terrific restaurant a block away for breakfast and lunch which also caters for the hotel cocktail area during dinner with a free wine-tasting offered. It was a terrific value, with very helpful employees and I plan to stay there the next time I am in Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dgreener
<Content>Holy Grail Why the Holy Grail? Simple really. Ie spent my travel history attempting to book my family into places that are:1)Clean2)Interesting3)Classy4)Reasonably priced5)Logistically appropriateI can say enough about the WaterTown. The only hotel Ie ever stayed that met all of the above criteria. The fact is that Ie basically given up on hotels when my wife and I travel in favor of upscale BBs ?but with kids, a hotel really is the only option sometimes. Ie stayed in our stars?that are three times as expensive as the WT, just because they have marble in the foyer ?and cracker box rooms with hair left in the bathtubeez! If you wanna pay for that, smell churros from the pier all night, and listen to noise from the pseudo-hipster-doofus bar downstairs just to be owntown? then by all means, go for it.The WT is cool, fun, clean, clean, CLEAN, and three blocks from U of W. We took strolls on the campus every evening after returning from (the short drive) downtown, and it is the finest campus Ie ever been on (including Harvard). Be sure to check it out, and even pop into the library (the old main one, not the law library) if you can ?truly an amazing place with stained glass and castle-like architecture.The neighborhood around the WT is totally cool ?infused with college town type dining and shops. My kids really enjoyed watching the U of W students plodding to class every morning from the breakfast bar windows.Speaking of breakfast, I figure we saved at least $100 over the course of our stay not having to eat out every morning. This isn the typical ontinental?breakfast either ?hard boiled eggs, bagels, toast, juices, french toast, fresh fruit, Starbucks (thank-god) coffee, and other items. The staff appears to mostly be U of W students (guessing) and they were totally polite, helpful, and informative. The staff even went out of their way to assist me when my son and I brought home 25 pounds of freshly caught salmon. They made room in the hotel refrigerator to store our huge fish.When we returned from fishing on Puget (try Fish Finders Charters ?theye awesome) we were able to wash our totally fishy clothing in the FREE hallway washer and dryer provided for the suites on each floor. There are coin-operated units downstairs for non-suites, but even that is rare for a hotel in my opinion. Okay. Enough already. What are the negatives? Parking (secure, under the hotel) can be a bit tight if you arrive late on a weekend.What can I say? The WT has my loyalty and no other hotel in my 42 years has been able to accomplish that. And we are a PICKY family, believe me. The #1 or #2 or whatever rating was right on baby!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OkanaganBCTraveler
<Content>Hotel needs a restaurant Based on my reviews from tripadvisor, we just got back from a spring break weekend at the Watertown hotel.The hotel is good accommodation for the price. My only complaint is the lack of any restaurants close by. The closest is three fairly long blocks uphill and it not in a neighborhood that most people would find really comfortable walking at night. If you want any kind of variety, you have to drive. We also spent several frustrating minuets trying to find Ivor even with good directions provided by the hotel. Driving around lost, under the I5 Bridge at night was not my idea of fun. The breakfast provided is continental only. If you want a real breakfast, again you have to drive.I might be back, but I going to keep looking for a hotel with better eating choices.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watertown Seattle's Best The Watertown Hotel in Seattle is my favorite place to stay. The rooms are immaculate, the location is very central, free high speed internet, etc. The a la carte program is a lot of fun and can be a great way to relax. The wine tasting in the evening is very unique and they have and interesting and unique Pacific Northwest wine list. The best part about the Watertown are the staff. I've always received the best service, the best restaurant recommendations and I always look forward to going back.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bfrazier
<Content>Not our kind of place. We stayed at the Watertown based primarily on reviews here at TripAdvisor. We generally like boutique hotels and had stayed at competitor boutique hotels in Seattle before. This was a larger room than its competition with some nice amenities, but we were a bit disappointed with the accommodations overall. Beds are indeed comfortable, and the rooms are neat and clean, though the cleanliness of the bedspreads is indeed dubious. We liked the in room safe and the extra cabinet space near the bathroom. The closet was too small for a five-day stay.Our worst problems dealt with transportation to and from downtown ?of course there is the Watertown Shuttle - be advised it only holds six, stops only at predetermined locations and consequently negated any value of having a shuttle in the first place. Without the shuttle, the Watertown location becomes a poor fit for visitors who need access to downtown. The young lady at the counter said ost people who need to go down town stay down there?well that was honest at least ?wish I have known that earlier.TripAdvisor reviews mentioned nice views from the upper floors ?apparently the newer buildings between the water and the Watertown to the south and west have negated most of that view. From our 5th floor southwest corner room we couldn see much of anything except dingy rooftops ?really pretty disappointing.We don know if this hotel should rate as Seatle's number one accomodation (as it currently is) or not, however if this is the best Seattle has to offer visitors should consider another town.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class all the way No detail is overlooked at Watertown -- from the architecture, to the amenities, to the friendly and helpful staff. The loaner bikes (not clunkers, but nice wheels) are a great touch. My only complaint (albeit a minor one when compared to the so many things that Watertown does so well) is that the fitness center is not quite up to snuff with the balance of the hotel -- it could use a little more space and equipment. Watertown has all the spark of a boutique hotel, without the overly self-conscious emphasis on being cool.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Are You Kidding? #1 in Seattle?? Ok kind readers, its time for a reality check. Location: This hotel is located in the Northern part of Seattle near the U of W. If you have business with the school, or you are visiting your kid in college, this would be a good place to stay. But, if you are a tourist or businessperson, I don think this hotel is for you. I arrived in the evening and I must tell you that my first impression of the neighborhood was that it was kind of scary. The hotel has lots of security and management wants you to know that this place is locked down tight after dark. There are signs throughout the underground parking lot warning you not to leave anything in your car and that the hotel is not responsible for any losses you incur. Oh well, so much for warm, fuzzy-feeling first impressions.Because this property is near the university, the restaurants around the hotel cater to student budgets, so you have lots of nondescript ethnic eateries from which to choose-Thai, Indian, Mexican, Chinese, Pizza, Subway. Typical other businesses youl find in the area are barrooms, piercing shops, bodegas, record stores, recycled clothing stores, smoke shops, second-run movie theaters, and hair stylists. Now you get the picture?Rooms: Think dorm room decorated by Ikea. Even though they cleverly added a big mirror to give the illusion of space, I found the rooms to be small and Spartan, but very clean. While the beds are indeed very comfortable, there is no blanket between the sheets and bedspread, so you must use the bedspread to stay warm. Since we all know that hotel bedspreads rarely get washed, I found this to be pretty gross. I not particularly impressed by hotel toiletries because I bring my own stuff when I travel, but you might be charmed by little bottles of Aveda shampoos. There is some kind of gimmicky ala cart menu (not food related) that I have never seen before in a hotel. I really could not be bothered with it, so I cannot offer an opinion, or even tell you what it is.This property offers free breakfast and free internet, both plusses, but overall, there is coldness to this hotel. It has a very pronounced industrial and institutional feel to it. What makes matters worse it that it is not affiliated with any chain, so you don even get travel points.Call me old-fashioned, but whenever I come to Seattle on business, which is quite often, I usually stay downtown. This time, Ie learned my lesson, I won stray again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service We recently stayed at the Watertown Hotel in the University District in Seattle. We can't say enough about the service at the Watertown. We were in town for my husband to have surgery, so we needed a quiet environment and a comfortable room. The staff made certain that we were in a room not near the elevators and ice machines and accomodated our request to upgrade to a suite when I brought my husband home from the hospital They got a room ready early for us when we upgraded with no problem. Each and every person we contacted at the desk was friendly and competent. The beds were incredibly comfortable with very nice linen. The TV's pulling out a and rotating made it easy to be comfortable from anywhere in the room. The continental breakfast and evening wine tasting were great. The ala carte feature was great, too. They had a great selection of DVD's and brought everything to the room with cheer. Again, an A+ experience. Very close to downtown, too, with a much better price.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place My daughter and I just returned from Seattle and had great accomodations at the Watertown Hotel. The hotel is modern, clean, 100% smoke-free, great continental breakfast included AND BEST OF ALL they have a free shuttle that will take you and pick you up from Seattle Center, University of Washington or downtown Seattle. Fresh cookies in the lobby and complementary wine tasting every Monday through Friday topped off a fabulous experience. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! (and no I'm not related to the owner :)  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shemoves
<Content>We loved the Watertown My husband and I stayed at the Watertown and loved it. The room was clean  the bed comfortable. We loved the Aveda bath products. Parking was free and the buffet breakfast was good. The desk help were friendly and extremely helpful. The area was interesting with lots of coffee shops, vegetarian restaurants, several movie theaters and funky shops within walking distance (3-8 blocks).  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had the most fabulous view of Mnt. Rainier I stayed at the Watertown in Seattle in October of 2004. I had called a few days before my arrival to reserve the spa cart and requested a room with a view of the mountains. I was upgraded with no difficulty to a beautiful spacious corner room on the top floor. The photos on the internet do not do this fabulous hotel justice. The decour in the lobby and breakfast room was very impressive. The plus to the rooms were the Aveda products and the feather pillows were a real plus. The room has a wonderful layout as well. At all times the employees at the front desk were very upbeat, pleasant, and all seem to enjoy what they do. Spa cart was wonderful, have stayed at a few of the hotels near the Pike Market that do not have anemities like this. I will definitely book my stay in April of 2005 for the Watertown as well.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for your buck Recently stayed at the Watertown on university business. I was most impressed with the comfort and design of the room. Elegant touches such as a microwave, complimentary in-room popcorn, complimentary carts filled with games, relaxation etc, complimentary cookies at the front desk and wine-tasting in the evenings. The complimentary breakfasts were excellent and well stocked with a range of goodies. The hotel offers complimentary van service to downtown and other areas for guests who wish to go shopping and/or see the sights. Although I was unable to take advantage of many of these services, I was impressed that such services were offered by the hotel. Not a bad deal for $120 per night. The Watertown is one of a small number of hotels that I would not hesitate to have a return visit. I completed a comment card at the hotel to congratulate them on excellent service and facilities. The General Manager send me a letter thanking me for my comments and asked me to leave a comment on this web site.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chocolate Chip Cookies, Too! We've stayed at the Watertown Hotel twice now. I think it was the warm chocolate chip cookies heaped on a platter at the front desk that brought us back. Being avid cyclists, it is heart-warming to see bicycles parked outside for visitors' use and maps for those willing to find their way around the city. The location is great for exploring the U district or for grabbing a bus into the downtown area.Parking is secure and underground and not crowded. The rooms are very comfortable and provide Aveda products. And it's just nice to stay in a very clean and new place. Continental breakfast is served downstairs in a comfortable room with walls of windows: cereals, fresh fruit, hard-boiled eggs, bagels, instant hot cereals, Starbuck's coffee . . .We'll be back.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! My daughter and I are locals but because of a busy hectic holiday schedule decided to treat ourselves with a night at a hotel. We found the Watertown online as we were looking for places close to the U.W. What a treat it turned out to be! The rooms were beautiful and a nice change from the typical hotel room. The free room carts were a nice touch, varied and difficult to choose just one! The continental breakfast had so much more to offer than the typical hotel. The Watertown is a bit unassuming from the outside but what a payoff once inside. Staff was great, friendly, now I have hotel to reccommend to friends. Can't wait for an excuse to treat ourselves again!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a quality hotel, they spoil you for a reasonable cost. This ia a high quality hotel. The decor is artisitic with all the amenities. The staff really take the time to make all their guests feel comfortable. It is also reasonably priced so normal people can afford it.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge rooms at the Watertown I stayed at the Watertown Hotel, located near the university, because I had a special deal from TravelZoo.com for $10 off the regular price. It was a delightful experience and better, for my traveling taste, than the W Hotel downtown (for which I also had a TravelZoo discount). Finding it is easy, parking onsite is easy, and the surrounding neighborhood is interesting and funky. The Watertown has a clever ala cart menu that visitors can use to select carts (literally) for their room based on what theme sounds interesting to them--spa cart comes with bath goodies, art cart comes with crayons and watercolors, baby cart comes with things you'd want if traveling with an infant. You can request a cart in advance or when you check in. My room, located in a corner, was the size of my living and dining rooms at home--I couldn't believe how huge it was. I highly recommend staying at the Watertown and eating at the vegetarian restaurant Carmelita located about 15 minutes' drive away, through a residential area.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible! The hotel was clean and had a unique style. It was very close to the University of Washington, so any prospective students touring the campus, this is a great place to stay. Also, there was great transportation to downtown Seattle. The staff was friendly and helpful. The Watertown definitely scores points for one of the top three hotels I have ever stayed at. Highly recommended by me as well as my travelling companions!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alishec
<Content>A little gem tucked away in Seattle We visited my son in Seattle and spent 3 days at the Watertown. First of all, we benefitted from a special they were running which made this great little hotel incredibly affordable. The room was large, extremely comfortable, and somehow the Watertown manages to bring a lot of warmth to a very contemporary decor--no overstuffed chairs or ridiculous hotel room prints, yet it wasn't minimalist stark either. Very soothing, all in all. Service was GREAT. One afternoon a windowshade came undone and we could not fix it ourselves. When we returned later that day the shade was repaired and the management had left a little chocolate hammer to indicate the repair people had been there. Parking was free, lobby was bright and airy, desk help were friendly and extremely helpful. Great touch--little specialty carts that can be ordered for your room--spa to games to computers. A great little perk especially for those traveling with kids.We'll be back!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alpetor
<Content>Soothing Watertown Love the WatertownTucked into the University District, this spiffy, handsome and well-designed hotel is also friendly and thoughtful. Our room was spotless. It was also not mauve or florals - a plus in my book. The bathroom was pristine with a gleaming granite countertop. The closet opened from both sides, so you could dress after washing up without having to alarm your roomie, and the shower curtain rod was curved so as to provide ample room for sudsing. Aveda bath treats. Free local phone. A substantial breakfast is included. And free car-pool in and out of downtown for hotel guests. We didn get a chance to ride the complimentary bikes, but a return trip to stay here is guaranteed. Watertown is like a sleek, little Saluki standing tall among the mangy mutt motels and the big dog plusheramas.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>happytrails
<Content>For A Change of Pace..... Watertown advertises itself as a unique urban hotel and it is, offering such amenities as wine tasting in the afternoon, bike rental, and a variety of fun carts that one can reserve free of charge! I chose the spa cart which contained everything I needed to have a relaxing retreat in the bath, right down to music choices (and the best part was no extra charge). The continental breakfast was way above average, the decor very modern and sleek, and not typical of standard hotel room configuration (plus, everything was immaculate). There was a well-stocked little area in the lobby for snack purchases, as well as a nice workout room and conference rooms. The staff was very pleasant and competent, and obviously cared about doing a good job; rates were very reasonable. Contributing to its hip, urban feel was the close proximity of the University of Washington--we enjoyed walking around the area and even found a wonderful little farmer's market several blocks north which offered local specialties in seasonal produce and baked goods. We will definitely make the Watertown our hotel of choice during our next opportunity to visit Seattle!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed My husband and I found the Watertown Hotel very clean. The staff was friendly. The continental breakfast was great. The Hotel had a warm home feeling. Every evening there were cookies at the front desk that guests were welcome to help themselves to.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome I have stayed at Watertown before and I absolutely LOVE it. It is very reasonalby priced for a new hotel. The staff was informative and super friendly. The bedding is so comfortable and cozy that it doesn't seem like you are staying at a hotel at all. When visiting Seattle I will stay at only Watertown.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Style and Location This hotel has a wonderful sense of style about it, and is located in an ideal place for those of you needing to be close to just north of downtown. Our stay at the Watertown was for four nights at the Watertown, in a view room. The room was excellently maintained, and was set up in what I considered to be a very clever configuration. The closet and drawers were part of the walls, and acted as a divider between the bathroom and the rest of the room. Your mileage may vary on that configuration, but the decor and furnishings were very modern art deco-types.One thing to look for are the a la carts, provided by the hotel. These are standalone carts with themes, such as the movie cart, the spa cart, the computer cart, etc. You can request one, and it will be in your room when you arrive. The Spa cart had massagers, foot spas, etc. The computer cart had a computer with printer, which hooked up to the internet. That's all we got, but there was a list of about 15 different ones.The staff we had contact with was very friendly and accomodating, no problems there. There's a morning breakfast spread, including cereal, bagels, boiled eggs, french toast, coffee, orange juice, etc. The dining area for that was very open and comfortable. There is free underground parking underneath the hotel, which was very safe and convenient.This hotel is located in the University district, just north and west of what most people would consider to be the true downtown. It's across the bridge to the north from downtown, but like most of Seattle is still very busy and vibrant. Such as it is, this hotel is ideal if you have business involving the University, but it is literally 3 blocks from I-5, so getting to downtown would take maybe 5 minutes by car.If you're looking to go shopping, there is a cute shopping district to the West, including many well-known stores like Banana Republic. Three blocks to the south across the bridge is Montlake and Capitol Hill. Just across I-5 to the east is the Wallingford district, and to the North and NorthEast is Ravenna and Greenlake. So, some people might quibble about the location, but I really can't see a problem. If you're in Seattle on business and really *need* to be *in* downtown, then you might want something marginally closer. But, if you're in Seattle on leisure, and your focus is the northern area of Seattle (especially the university), I cannot recommend any other hotel.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a great location This hotel is not located in downtown Seattle. It is near a University and is not close to any Seattle attractions except the university. Read all reviews of other hotels before booking this one unless your business brings you to this area.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great modern hotel, but the staff is lame Great, clean hotel with nice modern decor (think IKEA). Nice freebies (chocolate chip cookies, underground parking, mountain bike rentals, carts for fun and relaxation, free winetasting in the evening and a good continental breakfast). The only negative is the staff which screwed up a few things during our stay (room wasn't ready, view room wasn't much of a view - they did change it but were pretty snobby about it even though). Also, I feel I have to call out the young asian lady at the front desk (I think her name started with a J. or something), boy was she snobby! She needs to understand that she is in the SERVICE industry. The first day I just thought she might be having a hard day or something, but we were there three days and she never changed. Sorry to vent. Anyways, bottom line is that I would stay there again without a second thought.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiwibound
<Content>Choose the hotel after reading other reviews We recently returned from a holiday visit to Seattle and we stayed at the Watertown after reading all the positive reviews on this website. As many have already said, this truly is a unique urban hotel. The rooms are clean and modern, with microwave, mini-fridge, coffee maker, and FREE highspeed internet access. We had one of the suites so our room had a fairly large sitting area as well. Complimentary continental breakfast is included (which was fairly good - bagels, muffins, toast, cereals, etc), in the afternoon the front desk has a basket filled with fresh baked cookies, and the evenings offer complimentary wine tasting and you can order appetizers or a light meal (cost for the food). We had a light dinner at the hotel one evening and it was quite tasty! The ala cart program is great - and free! We tried out the spa cart which included everything you need to relax after a busy day of meetings, sightseeing, or shopping.....plus you can either keep your cart for your entire stay, or exchange your cart the next day and give a different theme a try. As mentioned there is no room service or restaurant on site (only the bistro area for breakfast  the evening wine tasting), however there are many restaurants within a few blocks walking distance. One of the best meals we enjoyed was at Mama Melina's - recommended in previous reviews of this hotel and the reason we decided to try it out. It was fantastic - the food, the ambiance, the music, everything about this tiny family run restaurant was enjoyable. It is casual and it is busy, if you go on a weekend you may want to make reservations. If you stay at the Watertown I'd highly recommend a meal (or two!) at Mama Melina's....even if you stay elsewhere in Seattle I'd recommend an enjoyable evening here.Our only complaint about the Watertown was the beds  the noise level on the streets outside. The beds are a mattress on a modern wooden frame - no box spring. They look sleek  match the modern room decor but we found it uncomfortable. The location of our room was on the NW corner of the hotel and the street noise (traffic, university students out on a Friday night, etc) was often loud enough to wake us during the night. Perhaps a different location in the hotel would be better, although I think you'd need to be right in the SE corner. Now if you are a sound sleeper...you probably won't find this to be a problem. For us it was an issue and we ended up shortening our stay at the hotel and eventually moving to another downtown property. Please note we were at the Watertown over a weekend  it also happened to be Halloween weekend so there were LOTS of students out  about partying. The situation may be entirely different during the week.Overall the Watertown truly lives up to its claim as a unique urban hotel with friendly staff and excellent value. I would recommend it to others and simply caution them about our noise trouble (which of course the hotel has no control over). Also...if you check out the Seattle Visitors Bureau website they have a coupon you can print for discounted rates at the Watertown (www.seeseattle.org)  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun alternative Nice surprise - I chose this hotel because downtown hotels were very expensive. It was a nice hotel - quite well priced - with good artwork and atmosphere. Great attention to detail - right down to the antibacterial swabs provided to wipe down the telephone and remote control. As it is a new hotel it is very clean and I liked the modern decor. The only issue is that it is not downtown - but a short drive away. I did not get to sample the carts as it was past 7:30 when I arrived. Not a good choice if you rely on hotel restaurants and room service however. Will stay again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed here two nights early september. Very nice and modern hotel, with friendly and professional staff.Good breakfast, clean modern and spacious rooms and nice extra's such as complementary bike use.Example for many in the business.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Recently stayed 3 nights at the Watertown. We received a travel notice from Travelzoo got a rate of $99 per night. Nice new hotel very friendly staff. Good size rooms with a large bathroom area refr/microwave in the room (but can hear traffic noisy and the people next door). The breakfast in the morning is good and they have wine tasting during the week. Good location for the University of Washington area. It's a little far to the downtown area to walk but if you don't have a car the hotel has a free shuttle (very nice driver). The parking in the downtown area is terrible so be prepared to either pay a lot to park at a garage or try to find a meter place on the street. Take note most of the restaurants in the Market Area close at 6 to 6:30 so finding a local place to eat at is kind of hard. If the weather permits suggest going to the Bank of America building on 5th street they have an observation floor that costs just $5 and it's a great view much better than the Space Needle. Try Ivar's Salmon House, and Mama Melina's. Don't forget your umbrella, a sweater and a coat with a hood oh and good walking shoes. It rains a lot in Seattle and it's definitely fall there temp in the 50's to 60's. Try to take a ferry ride to either Bremerton or Bainbridge Island you can drive your car or walk on. We came back from Bremerton at night and the view of downtown Seattle was awesome!!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay This is the only place to stay in Seattle. Great value. Very clean and excellent service.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ms_travelwhiz
<Content>A real treasure! I stayed at this lovely, modern, friendly place for business and pleasure and will absolutely be back. From the zen-like calm of the modern lobby (and lapping water over black river stones outside) to the spacious, clean and artfully decorated rooms, this place is a find. Breakfast is included in the room rate and was served in a separate lobby dining area, surrounded by windows and more tasteful furnishings. Week nights brought complementary wine tastings of exciting wines - a great follow up to biking around the area on complementary bikes (with helmets!). Even though it is not in the downtown area, there is an hourly shuttle to drop you and pick you up for business or shopping. Kayaking is just down the hill and there are wonderful restaurants in the area that the very knowledgeable and friendly staff will tell you all about.To top it off, there are the most decadent homemade chocolate chip cookies available at the front desk. But, if you should get hungry, you can pop premium popcorn right in your room in your microwave.This place is a keeper and where I will stay when I am in Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern Comfort Our family stayed here for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Room was spacious, aesthetically pleasing and beds were very comfortable. A nice bathroom touch with the granite countertop, porthole door and Aveda products. Continential breakfast gave us a variety of options to choose from and staff was quite helpful and friendly. We will definitely stay here again. Watertown Rocks!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A few bumps ... We stayed at this property twice within a two week stay. The first time was for three days and the second time was for a single night. There was a mix-up with our first night there and an ADA compliant room that the front desk agents neglected to inform us about. There was no management on duty that night so when I called in the morning and calmly enumerating why I was upset, our problem was swiftly addressed and we were moved into another room for our remaining stay. Despite my initial impression, I gave this property the full stars for several reasons - free high speed Internet, free underground secured parking, free shuttle into town, free Continental breakfast (do not listen to the negative reviews about the food - cold cereals, juice, breads, loads of fresh fruit and yoghurt were just fine to start the day), and lastly free chocolate chip cookies in the afternoons! The management also made me change my mind about my initial review of the Watertown because they listened to my problem and apologized (something that neither of the desk agents on duty did). If you want room service and white glove amenities, go someplace else but if you are looking for a clean, stylish place to rest while exploring Seattle - definitely come here! Besides, you are within walking distance of many university hang-outs and there is a food delivery service that comes to the hotel from a variety of different restaurants. We tried a great pizza place called Pagliacci one night and thoroughly enjoyed it.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jsb23nc
<Content>GREAT, new hotel with luxury and service Agree with nearly all the previous reviewers. We stayed four days in early August. The Watertown was a wonderful experience. The hotel (lobby and rooms) benefits from its luxurious, contemporary decor. The rooms were reasonably spacious and very clean. Of course, the newness of the hotel helps with the cleanliness and aesthetic value.Our first room had a great view of Mt. Rainier while our second room had an excellent view of downtown Seattle with Rainier still in site! The staff was quite courteous and helpful with directions, restaurant recommendations (Ivar's Salmon House is a must and Mama Melina's was good), et al. Hotel management even allowed us to keep our car parked there for 2 days while we went on 3-day package to Vancouver and Victoria.The add-on carts were a bonus as we used the surf cart to keep abreast of email and stuff going on back at home. The Aveda bath products were another plus. The continental breakfast was much better than those typical of that description. Fresh fruit (bananas, strawberries, and kiwi) was plentiful and the scones were delicious.The only negative one could contemplate would be the distance to downtown Seattle but the complimentary shuttle service got us where we needed to go every day (though, make sure you reserve the shuttle the night before). When we traveled outside of the shuttle times (7:00AM to 7:30PM), the Seattle bus system took us elsewhere (note: these buses stop directly in front of the hotel, are clean, and safe).One final suggestion is to check the Seattle Visitors website and Hotels for reduced rates.An excellent choice for Seattle!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very cool hotel My family and I stayed here for two nights in August 2004 and it was excellent. The rooms were new, very high standard and comfortable, the free carts were great (computer and internet for kids, spa for me) and there was lots of space, big windows and a (distant) view of downtown and mountains. Free parking, good free breakfast, and wine tasting on week day evenings. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the best we came across on our trip. Although a little way from Downtown, the hotel runs a shuttle, or there is a bus from right outside which is quick and cheap. Also, a couple of decent places to eat nearby - Mama Melina in particular. Best prices through the website or by calling direct, also check for vouchers on the Seattle Chamber of Commerce website.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find   showReview(2325040, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fauxy
<Content>Seattle's little secret   showReview(2205578, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveler76
<Content>Modern and Hip Hotel with a Large Helping of Hospitality   showReview(1666197, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelerx1y2z3
<Content>great hotel in U District   showReview(1664933, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tessaje
<Content>A really great hotel!   showReview(1650984, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Watertown is an awesome find!   showReview(1280112, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perks rule   showReview(1262696, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bwheeler
<Content>Really nice place   showReview(913058, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>f6cDreamer
<Content>Groartige Unterkunft   showReview(20116395, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci tornerei di certo   showReview(16588246, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nett   showReview(11349016, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

