<Author>Bahadir
<Content>Looks better on the website Decoration is very dated, rooms are small and not quite comfortable. Bathroom is small, and the wash basin is in the room. Rooms facing the Geary Street are noisy (avoid them if you can). Reception is ok. Breakfast was minimal. Meeting rooms are in the basement, and are not particularly trendy. Minibar was a joke, and I did not feel safe drinking the juice in the minibar. Positive side is the central location.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>mlatravel
<Content>Pretty but small       Louie's Restaurant,looks over the Sutro Baths  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>thenhaque
<Content>Old world elegance The hotel is even prettier than the photos I saw when booking. It's a pure boutique hotel with classic decoration: antique chandelier, armchairs, granite counter top... I love the quiet elegance of the building and the staff is so friendly. Love to come back there one day!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seats42
<Content>A Great Boutique Hotel near Union Square My wife and I, along with another couple stayed at the Warwick Hotel on October 5th for one night. It is a great small hotel near Union Square. Our rooms (604  704) were very nice. Even though our rooms were on Geary Ave, we did not experience any noise from the traffic. Staff is friendly and very helpful in giving us directions.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yesom
<Content>Great Location We have just had 2 and a half weeks around California with 4 adults.This was the most expensive hotel we stayed in and probably the smallest room ,given it was a junior suite but we enjoyed the stay.The staff were pleasant and the free internet was welcome.The location was superb and we were not worried by excessive street noise.For that time of the year San Fran was very warm and having no air-con was a problem.Overall it was ok  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>merluza
<Content>Good stay - Great location We did not really know what to expect when we won this room through Hotwire, certainly after reading some negative reviews here.However, we had a good stay. Sure, the room isn't that big, but it was nicely decorated and had everything you need. Moreover, rooms are very clean. We stayed at the back of the hotel, and had a very quiet room (on the third floor). It had a more cosy atmosphere than most larger hotels, wich we liked.The location is great, 2 blocks from Union Square, cable car stops and BART. I also read in some reviews that you have a lot of homeless people surrounding the hotel. We found that more a problem of the whole city, not the neighbourhood.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>travlnmamma
<Content>Perfect Location! The Warwick is an older and smaller hotel. The rooms are nicely decorated and a good size compared to other hotel rooms in San Francisco. The only drawback is that there is no air conditioning system, but not a problem as long as you dont go during a heatwave. Our toilet leaked a bit, but we figured out that all we needed to do was jiggle the handle. the weahter forecast was left on the bed each noght with some chocolates during the turndown service which I considered to be a nice touch. Staff was friendly and courteous, always eager to answer a question or engage in conversation if you had the time. Price was great. Walgreens accross the street was super convenient. We tried finding cheaper parking in the area, but other garages seemed a bit shady, especially when you can smell alcohol on the attendents breath. So we decided to go with the valet parking at the hotel for $35 a day with in and out priveledges. The location was amazing. We were able to walk to the beginning of the cable car line at powell and market st in just a few minutes (5 blocks). I recommend starting there, otherwise you might get passed up at other cable car stops because there is simply no room for you. There is also a subway at that same intersection. Buy a muni pass!. you can use almost every kind of transportation at leisure for unlimited rides. there are other tour busses that charge an arm and a leg to drop you off at all the tourist spots. with a muni pass, all you need is a map of the city to see what lines you need to catch. Super convenient for out trips to fishermans wharf and the ball park. We skipped the transportation for our trips to Yerba Buena Gardens, union square and chinatown. It was a nice stroll through the city. by the end of our trip my husband, 4 year old and I were all sad to leave. the location and price of this hotel really made out trip.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nickt697
<Content>Great Staff! Great Value! I was traveling with family. I booked three rooms for three nights. All three rooms were clean, beds were comfortable and the staff was wonderful. I was concerned because of some of the negative reviews - but was happily surprised with how nice the hotel is. It is very small, but in a great location on Geary Street. The rooms were small, but last year I stayed across the street and paid twice as much for the same size room. There is no air conditioning and we were on the 2nd floor - leaving the windows open for fresh air caused it to be a little noisy at night. We left just the bathroom window open and it was fine. Each room had a ceiling fan - which kept it very comfortable and even a bit too cool one night. The beds were comfortable, but seemed a little smaller than a queen -- if you are used to a large king bed or need a large room, this isn't the place for you. It is an old beautiful hotel with large wooden moldings, large old fashioned brass keys (no digital door locks here). Large dark wood furniture but a modern flat screen TV with pay per view. There was one PC in the lobby for guest use (no charge) - with no charge for printouts - which is unusual. Sometimes there was a line, but it was free - so its hard to complain, right? I had an emergency and needed to be able to send and recieve a fax at 1 a.m. - the front desk staff jumped right on it and helped me out with no complaints - it was great customer service. (No charge for my faxes either.) When we called for ice, a bucket was delivered within minutes at no charge (except for the tip.) There is a safe in the room and the honor bar fridge was only half full so we were able to keep soda and beer in it without a problem without any extra charges. We asked for an iron and one was delivered. There was a hair dryer in one of the drawers. There isn't a closet. But there was an armoir and a lot of drawer space. There is a cable car stop about two blocks away. Decent (not great) pizza two or three stores down. There is a drugstore about 40 feet from the front door, as is a liquor store for snacks, sodas, etc... All in all it was a great value. We paid $107 per night, per room (plus tax) on priceline... in San Fran I would have been comfortable paying up to $160 per night for this hotel and still felt it was a fair price. The best part was that there were no little hidden fees for faxes, pc use, printouts, ice, etc...  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Valley Folk
<Content>Nice stay Very convient place to stay. Room was small, but comfortable. Bathroom VERY small. The only closet in the room was an armoire, which had a broken hanging rod. The bellman said he would send someone to fix it. Two days later still not fixed. We had to hang our clothing on the coat hooks. Not very convenient.We did not eat in the hotel, but did have a drink in their small bar, which was pleasant. We did eat at a deli practically next door, which was very good, and a few doors down is a Mexican restaurant to die for.We arrived prior to the rest of our party. We were early for check-in. We had our luggage plus all the luggage for family joining us from England. Staff stored all our luggage eagerly.Two negatives: 1. we overheard the desk giving totally inacurate information to other guests asking directions, and 2. when we asked where we could find a Notary they hadn't a clue what we were talking about.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>sashaling
<Content>Pleasant surprise Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Warwick Hotel in San Francisco. We booked the hotel on priceline - name your own price and were a little apprehensive after reading some reviews. Must say, our visit was very nice. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was typically small, very clean and comfortable. We were on the 7th floor and had no problem with noise from the street (with our window closed of course). We visit SF every year and have stayed at several more expensive hotels and found really very little difference between them and the Warwick. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>catnicky
<Content>Pleasant Stay I booked through Hotwire as a 3.5 star. This led me to believe there was a fitness center...they will give you privileges off the hotel site. It is an excellent location for Union Square...easy hop to the cable cars and shopping. It would also be fairly convenient for a convention at the Moscone with a bit of a walk.The entire staff were great and helpful. The breakfast in the restaurant was good. I would give it a 3 star. I was given a room off of Geary on the 4th floor and it was reasonably quiet. The carpet was fairly worn and the remodel is aging but the room was clean and comfortable...a little small.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Swissatheart
<Content>Just OK..... The place looks better on their website than in person. The Warwick is a relatively small property in a great location on Geary in the heart of the Union Square area. Our room (a junior suite) was much smaller than I had expected (I would guess 200 sq ft) with a tiny bathroom. Our room faced Geary and therefore to get any fresh air into the room it was necessary to open the sliding glass doors overlooking the street. The street noise is considerable, and goes well into the early morning hours - therefore if quiteness is a consideration, avoid the rooms facing Geary. Overall I would say this is a 3 star hotel in my book - the public spaces and hallways were well maintained, but the rooms (at least ours) look a little tired. And the bath was definitely 3 star material. So, great location, just so-so room, OK room rate ($200/night plus $35 for parking) - and noisy.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>ericsbride
<Content>Perfect Place in Union Square!       Standard bedroom  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CecilyMary
<Content>Great Location - Wonderful Staff I was somewhat worried when I 'won' this Priceline hotel after reviewing some of the negative comments on travel advisor website. I am here to tell you that the Warwick is a LOVELY place to stay. We asked for twin beds once the room was booked and were not disappointed. The room  bath was very clean and decorated beautifully. We were on the fifth floor and the only street noise was the occasional ambulance. At night it was very quiet and dark in our room. The furniture included a Chinese armoire that held extra pillows and robes. The bathroom was lined in black marble with golden brass fixtures that portrayed an earlier time. All very elegant. We stayed for 3 nights and the turndown service with chocolate was never missed. Housekeeping came with iron within minutes of request and back again to pick up right when finished. Very attentive. I left my pillow and housekeeper had it waiting at the desk when we came back through town days later. Please don't let the negative comments on travel advisor keep you from booking this hotel. It was a great deal on Priceline and I was very pleased with our stay.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stbarb
<Content>Don't go to Warwick in San Francisco Hotel rooms looked big and beautiful online. Rooms (we had a jr. suite) was actually very small. Fold out sofa bed had terrible mattresses. Heat wave forced us to need a fan but fan was in the guest area, not the main room. First room had no window fan so we had to buy one downtown. First room we were assigned had major plumbing leak develop and we asked to be moved to another room. Hotel personnel said she could only put us in a room with one double bed and there were 3 of us! She had no sympathy for our dilemna. Took the maint. dept to get someone else to see we HAD to be moved right away. Also, they advertise free complimentary coffee in lobby in the morning. In fact they only have it from 6am to 7am... hardly a time you want to get up and dressed when on vacation! They also tried to overcharge us for honor bar items. We go to San Francisco a great deal but would never stay there again, and will advise others not to as well.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	4	2	1	3	

<Author>doodiehead
<Content>overall very good My husband and I stayed at the Warwick Regis for 4 nights as part of out honeymoon. The room was nice with a comfortable bed and cute antique decor. It was very small though as was the bathroom. The room and bathroom were clean but obviously very old. The front desk staff were all very helpful in directing us to places we should go in town and getting us a shuttle to the airport that was cheaper than a taxi. The hotel is a a great location within walking distance of Union Square shopping, theater district, and a little farther walk to North Beach and Chinatown. It is also very convenient to the transit systems. We ate breakfast one morning in the hotel restaurant and it was good but very overpriced for the amount and slow service. All in all we had a great stay and would stay at the Warwick Regis again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>jphughes
<Content>Great stay Just spent 2 nights here, had a wonderful time. Clean, neat room, very helpful staff, We found it to be in an excellent location in the theatre district. It was close to all the transit lines. The staff got us an airport shuttle took us to and from the airport within 1/2 hour. Look forward to a return trip and will stay at the Warwick.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ARoadLessTraveled
<Content>Charming, great location, overpriced       Bedroom  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>OldStreet
<Content>A good hotel Stayed at The Warwick Regis at the beginning of Feb. This was our first time to San Fran and we were very pleased with the hotel. Yes, it was old fashioned, you were given a key for your room, not a card to swipe, but, this just added to the authenticity of our stay. Great Loacation and helpful staff. The room was perhaps a little small but adequate. The resturant was excellent. Would definately go again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>christina1411
<Content>Terrible visit!!! The shower had no pressure and water temp was cold or really hot, nothing in between. They gave us another room and we saw mold growing on the ceiling and walls. We would have checkout out early but we pre-paid for the rooms on hotel.com. They tried to charge us for the room change, and even fought with me about it when i check out....This place was a joke!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>shario
<Content>Charmingly Old Fashioned We stayed at the Warwick-Regis Hotel for one night for $92 on Priceline. We liked the location in the theater district - it is walking distance to theaters and a lot of cute restaurants. I can recommend David's Delicatessen a few doors down for breakfast and, although I haven't been there, I have heard that Dottie's True Blue Cafe, about three blocks away, is very good. The line was too long so we didn't go there this time. The restaurant in the hotel, La Scene, was good also. The hotel is on a noisy street, but we were on the 7th floor and the room was very quiet. The doorman tried very hard to get us a cab but it was very difficult the night we were there and we ended up walking nine blocks to our party. Check-in was friendly and efficient and the room was small but quite nice. I don't have anything negative to say about the hotel, and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yvr1
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice hotel. Friendly check-in, very clean and well maintained rooms. Rooms are small, hotel is located in an old building which is nicely maintained. There is complimentary business center, also a bar and restaurant.Complimentary refershments are located in the lobby in the afternoon. Location is excellent for touring the city.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>audreyu8
<Content>Disappointment from Reservations Manager. My husband and I had gotten a great deal on Priceline at $80 per night for 5 nights. A couple of months before our scheduled arrival, I had called and told them it was our honeymoon and was told that there would be a complimentary upgrade upon arrival.We were really excited and upon check-in, (smooth check-in with Natasha - she is awesome, very friendly, helpful and upbeat) we were reconfirmed that we had a complimentary upgrade. The guy who worked with Natasha that night was really good too.Rooms: We got a junior queen suite. Very pretty and old-fashioned. Turn-down service was great our whole stay. The room wasn't huge. It would be about a standard room say, in a Hilton hotel. The bed was comfortable but a little hard though.Bathroom(s): We had 2 good-sized Bathrooms. One with a tub, and the other just a shower. Water pressure was really, really good.Restaurant: We wanted to have breakfast there but the continental breakfast looked so unappetizing, we decided to skip it. Dinner however, was amazing. We went back twice for the Risotto. The guy who served us on Tuesday, Oct 9th was really good. (I'm sorry we forgot his name but we remember he is from New Jersey).On the day of our check out, we were told that there was a problem in the system and that we had to pay for our upgrade. The lady helping us out was really sweet and was trying her best to speed things up. They had the reservations manager - Kristen Bowman - come upstairs. She was aware that it was our honeymoon and because she thought that we were trying to check-in, she actually suggested that we DOWNGRADE our room if we didn't want to pay the balance - Great suggestion, huh? She was absolutely unaccommodating, cold and unfriendly about the whole situation. My husband and I actually apologized if there were any misunderstanding on our end when we had called the hotel before but she just said that she couldn't do anything about it, did not apologize, and left the situation to the front desk manager and walked away. Is that how a reservations' manager should deal with a situation? You guys decide.Now, the front-desk manager was really helpful, apologetic and sincere in helping us. He couldn't waive the extra charges (which we didn't care at this point) but he did offer us a slight discount which we appreciated. All in all, it was a comfortable stay with great service from the staff. But given the attitude from the reservations manager and the probability that we may have to deal with her again for our next reservation, we doubt we will ever stay at the Warwick Regis again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>skottyPerth
<Content>Good time - not a great time. We got this via Priceline and it was good value at $80USD per night for 4 nights. The room was quite small, but big enough for us, all we needed to do was sleep in it really. Very appealing decor, nice and old fashioned. Clean enough, and the turndown with a chocolate on the pillow was lovely.Front desk staff seemed a little uninterested - we were supposed to have 2 bathrobes in the room. There were none, so we told the staff  1 was sent up! We did not bother asking again. Also the free afternoon tea in the lobby was only coffee after the first day. We asked for tea  the desk clerk said there is none. Apparently getting some more tea bags  hot water was impossible! And stayed impossible for the next 3 days.Location was abit dodgy after dark, but was handy to everything - public transport, food, theatre etc. And we enjoyed seeing the fire engines go by regularly, sirens wailing.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>elyette
<Content>Surprising Gaps I stayed at this hotel while I was at a conference. The Union Square area in which it is located has many pan handlers but they are harmless although annoying. The hotel is in the theatre district and therefore very convenient if you want to see a show. Chinatown is only a few blocks away.This is a small, clean, boutique hotel with a French Baroque theme. The rooms are clean, quiet, small and charming. If you don't like using a real key to open your room, or hearing old plumbing pipes squeal, you shouldn't stay here. The housekeeping staff is very accommodating. They turn down your bed at night too.However, I was surprised at a few things. The internet rarely worked and no one on staff knew what to do about it or cared. I don't know whether they accommodate laptops in the rooms. You might want to look into that if you need a computer. Also, I had prepaid my bill. However, when I checked out they had no record of it. I was glad I kept a copy. Finally, they keep coffee in the lobby only until 7am. Then it is whisked away. So, you'd better get up early if you want to get a cup and sip it in your room and relax. There is always Starbuck's next door or room service, of course. I guess I have been spoiled with in-room coffee makers or a vat of coffee on tap in the lobbies of other hotels I have stayed at.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>magalid
<Content>Excellent hotel We decided on a wednesday to spend the night on thursday in the city. We have a two year old and grandma was with us so we wanted a two room suite. Making the reservation was easy. When we got there they tld us they had upgraded us to an even bigger suite since we needed a crib, which they provided for free. The hotel wasn't hot or noisy as i read in previous comments. We have stayed in lots of hotels, including fancier one that dispointed us and the warwick was just the opposite. The main thing is that absolutely everyone who worked there was polite, helpful and so very nice in a genuine way. And i don't think yu could find a better deal for a suite, especially considering the extremely covenient location.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Victoriangirl
<Content>Great location - air conditioning NOT required~! We are well seasoned Canadian travellers, age 48. Booked this hotel through the hotel website, after checking numerous review sites on the web. We LOVED this hotel and have no hesitation recommending it to others. Like a previous poster, we had the good fortune of visiting this beautiful city during a heat wave. Not having air conditioning was a non issue for us, and the lack of morning fog was a bonus! The overhead ceiling fan did a more than adequate job cooling our room. We had requested a top floor (7th) non smoking room on the back side of the building, and we had a lovely room. No view mind you, but we spent so little time in the room this was also a non issue. The bathroom was small but spotless, the bed very comfortable. The rooms are a bit small, but ample room for 2 adults and their luggage. The location is great for shopping and theatres, which we didn't do; and convenient to public transportation for sight seeing, which we did. A bit of an aerobic excercise walking up Nob Hill and over the top down to Fisherman's wharf, but well worth the effort. Slow down and admire the architechture and interesting sights both up and down the hills in every direction! Lots of restaurants and coffee shops in the area, we enjoyed Foley's Irish pub a couple of blocks away on OFarrell. The hotel's continental breakfast of coffee, juice, fresh fruit salad, croissants/pastries, yoghurt and cereal was more than adequate to fill us up and tide us over before take away crab cocktails at lunch! We hope to back for another stay at this gem of a hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CaitSeattle
<Content>Stay somewhere else if you can. Overall, I felt that the Warwick was a fine hotel in a fine location with a couple of glaring exections. First, there was no airconditionining in the hotel. We happened to be in San Fran during a heat spell and were very uncomfortable. The other problem was the valet parking. We were told it was the best option for parking, so happily paid the $35. The next morning on our way to catch our flight, it took 45 minutes for them to retrieve our car. They let us know this was standard procedure, so be sure to factor this in if you stay here. No one told us in advance, and it made for a very stressful morning as we watched the minutes we had to check in at the airport tic away. The hotel isn't horrible, but the rates are comporable with other, much nicer hotels in the same area. Stay at those if you can and avoid the Warwick.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>riccismiles
<Content>Great Hotel!!! Location Size Atmosphere I've read a few reviews on this hotel and want to start by saying, when you book a hotel in a busy downtown theater district, near 24 hour delis and at least one fast food restaurant... YOU SHOULD EXPECT THE NOISE OF THE CITY TO ENTER YOUR ROOM. I've read one too many people complain about the noise and that should not be held against the Warwick. The hotel is CLEAN, considering where it is located, essentially quiet. You are in walking distance to nearly every possible attraction as well as a variety of stores. A cab from the Warwick to almost every corner of San Fran costs under 15 bucks (and when I say corner I mean the far corners). Shorter cab rides, which will hit way more attractions run under 10 dollars. The hotel is just minutes away from the major subway station for both the BART and the MUNI. I believe we had chocolates placed in our room at least twice a day, and one day we really think they actually made up the room two times! The Warwick is just about the only hotel I would tell anyone to frequent in the San Fran area.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kkkk70
<Content>Great Experience! My husband and I just returned from San Francisco. We booked our hotel through Priceline and stayed at the Warwick Regis. We had a great room on the 7th floor (we called ahead and requested a non-smoking room on the top floor). The room was lovely, more than enough room, quiet, and had a great shower! The front desk staff was always polite and helpful. A short two block walk and we were able to pick up the cable car to Fisherman's wharf, or walk five blocks to Market Street to access the BART or bus service. At the end of the day we walked into our room and soothing music was playing with the bed turned down and chocolates awaiting us on our pillows. We loved San Francisco and as far as our experience would recommend the Warwick Regis.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RateInProgress
<Content>Charming Hotel - Good Location Being in the travel industry for almost 20 years I have had the privledge of staying at many fine hotels and can be quite critical so I hope you find this review helpful.The Warwick Regis is a wonderful hotel. Built in 1913 it has retained a lot of it's old world charm. I believe I read that the chandelier came from Laura Ashley's mansion.The hotel sits at the corner of Geary and Taylor just two blocks from Union Square. As with many of the small boutique style hotels of San Francisco the Lobby is small but tastefully decorated.Check in was a breeze and the front desk staff were effecient and friendly. They were always there with a smile and eager to offer recommendations or suggestions.The room was a Jr. Suite which had a living room area and fireplace with a balcony(room 604) and faced out onto Geary. I had read the comments about other rooms being quite small and did peek into a few while staff were cleaning. They seemed fine and not overly small. The bed was quite comfortable and had no problems considering some comments on here saying the beds were rock hard. In general the room was in very good condition and decorated quite well. At least with my room you could tell some of the furniture had seen better days but only if you really looked closely most people probably wouldn't have noticed.One quirky little feature of the hotel was they use actual room keys and not card keys. Haven't seen those in years! But I thought it was a nice throw back to the yester years of travel. I hope they don't change over to card keys.It is true that most of the hotel rooms do not have AC or coffee makers. I did ask the front desk which rooms did have AC and I believe they said only the two executive suites have AC. But unless there is some heatwave in SFO you really don't need AC. As far as the in room coffee makers go it didn't bother me. I liked getting up and going down the street to StarBucks and getting my cup of joe in the morning. In room coffee is not the greatest anyway.Regarding the neighborhood and homeless and the message parlor behind the hotel. Like the management's previous response, San Francisco is an ecclectic city with diverse cultures. The area the hotel sits in is quite fine and not unusal at all to see message parlors or the many homeless pan handling but if your not use to it it can be a little unnerving.If you like me and like to have room service, I would skip this at the Warick. Most food is purchased from a local diner down the street a block and brought back to the hotel by staff. The food was mediocre and not worth the price.If you thinking about staying at this hotel and have found a good price(they do seem to be much lower than most hotels in the area) have no fears The Warwick Regis is a good place to stay!On my next trip back I would have no problems staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dbear11
<Content>Worst experience, We do not recommend this hotel! First, the hotel management was somewhat rude to us upon arrival. We booked though priceline and requested one double or queen bed, for my husband and I. We were we placed in a room with two twin beds, and were told that since we booked through priceline that was the best available room. The hotel manager reluctantly changed our room to one with a queen size bed after we insisted. The room was small but comfortable. Our window faced the street so it was fairly noisy throughout the night and the location of the hotel is not too good. In addition, this hotel does not have stairwell access to guests, however their stairwell has NO sign to indicate this. I was on my way to a conference and took the stairs and immediately realized that it was not for guest use because it was dark and appeared under construction. When I attempted to go back to the main hallway the door behind me was locked. I attempted to exit through various floors and each door was locked. Panicked, I called the front desk to unlock the door for me, and was basically told to find my way. I ended up exiting through the kitchen! Needless to say, staying at this hotel was an awful experience. I would not recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Mirada
<Content>Loved This Place This hotel was lovely! Our room was everything we expected with all requests met. Comfy bed, chairs etc. We were pleasantly surprised to find body wash for showering instead of just the usual bar of soap most places provide. Keep in mind that it's not out in the country so expect to hear the typical noises associated with city life. Parking is a non-issue since staff takes care of it; however there isn't a clear sign for their valet parking but all you have to do is just pull up to the front of the hotel, go inside,check in and leave the keys with the front desk. If you are staying on a sunday be aware that the on site restaurant isn't open. However, you can still get room service by calling the front desk and placing your order from a local cafe. The hotel staff takes care of everything. Very nice and great service all around. Starbucks is about three doors down. Walgreens across the street. Near theatres, galleries, restaurants etc. We would definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kellie_OH
<Content>Special Night at a Special Hotel       Desk  Window Area  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>SuchANiceCouple
<Content>We do not recommend staying there. We stayed in the Warwick Regis during our Honeymoon. Even though we had a guaranteed booking with late arrival, we could not get a room when we arrive late night. We were put into a provisional room with a provisional bed. The night was awful and we expected to be moved into a great room the next day. However we were put into a pretty standard smoking room while we are strictly non-smokers. Not a nice experience as well. Generally staff seems to be overstrained and not too helpful. We do not recommend staying there.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>MrTravelPhoenix
<Content>Good Hotel, but Noisy Nice old hotel in a great area. It is right across the street from the Clift hotel and very close to a theatre, so alot is happening. Because of this, bring your ear plugs. It is very noisy at night and expect to be woken up several times by people on the street. Overall, it was a good experience.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>JasperHarrisbug_PA
<Content>Lovely but not perfect This is a lovely, small European hotel with a great location just two blocks from Union Square. Our room, a deluxe queen, was comfortable, very clean, and beautifully decorated in a French motif. At $149.00 a night, through Expedia, it was a terrific bargin. The one criticism my wife and I have about the hotel is service related. Our first night our beds were pulled down. The next two evenings, however, we had no such service even though it was promised. Also, we were only given one set of towels the second day of our stay. Our experience with breakfast at the hotel restaurant, too, was not good. Very simply, the service was awful. (As an aside, the hotel does now serve coffee in the morning in the lobby. This had been a criticism in the past.) Even with these service-related caveats, we highly recommend this wonderful hotel. More attention from the hotel mangement to service would raise our evaluation from a 3.5 stars to 4 stars.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>newspapermatt
<Content>A great way to experience San Francisco I stayed here w/ my wife in March and loved it. We approached the hotel's front desk after arriving in the city to inquire about a midweek 3-night stay. We received a great price and had breakfast included (HIGHLY recommended: brilliant food). The staff were courteous enough and the hotel offered a free Internet terminal in the lobby. This boutique hotel offered a beautifully-appointed and decorated room, but it is small (in a cozy way) and offers no view whatsoever. The location was perfect for us, this being our first time to the city. It's a stone's throw from Union Square, a short walk to the cable car and shopping.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>random.tard
<Content>Friendly staff, but not perfect We stayed 7 days / 6 nights. The highlight would be the very friendly and responsive staff. They are courteous without being snotty, which is the opposite of the hotel across the street (The CLIFT). Overall, the hotel is understated luxury without the snobbishness of many downtown SF hotels.The good:- Exceptionally friendly, responsive staff- Location near Union Square- Easy access to MUNI transport (buses, cable car)- Great bartenders in La Scene!- LCD television in room (~30in.)- Check-in and check-out were painless.The bad:- Housekeeping forgets to leave a robe or towels. (We had to ask daily for a new robe, as it was not replaced)- Beds are rock hard. I slept well, but did wake up sore every day.- NO doormanThe ugly:- Ask for a room on the upper floors. The homeless appear to be having a turf war at the intersection of Geary  Taylor and are very noisy ALL NIGHT LONG.The best staff members are Marc @ the front desk and Martin @ La Scene.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>NODAK1979
<Content>A very interesting experience. Paid 80 dollars for this room through Priceline, and it sounds as if that's a steal in SF. If we couldn't have gotten this deal, we probably would have ended up staying at the airport. Anyhow....a few things:- Yes, the bad part of town is nearby. Here's my tip: Don't go southwest of the hotel. That's the Tenderloin district and it isn't very pretty. if you stick to going east (shopping and theater) and north (Wharf, touristy areas, etc), you'll be fine. The neighborhood the actual hotel was in seemed fine to me.- The beds are indeed pretty hard. My fiancee and I woke up both mornings with big time back pain. Let's just say we're more thankful for our bed at home now.- The decorations are very beautiful...it's a departure from your typical hotel...which I guess is what defines a boutique.- The room wasn't as small as some people made it out to be. If you want a Hyatt sized room...well...stay at a Hyatt.- This isn't close to the Wharf really...so that was a letdown. It was quite a hike to the coast!All in all..worth the money though.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>billmnt
<Content>great deal in good location Best deal in town. Quaint and rooms were clean. Staff was helpful but no concierge in hotel. In theatre district - walked across street to see Jersey Boys, which was great. 1.5 blocks from cable car and 3 blocks from BART station. Walking distance to great shopping, chinatown and north beach.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyndlutt
<Content>Great deal for San Fran We recently stayed at the Warwick and was pleasently surprised. We received a great deal on the room especially for a weekend stay. It had everything we needed and was in a wonderful area of town. The bathroom was very large for an older city hotel. My fiancee loved the Plasma television in the room. The only thing I suggest is make sure you request a non-smoking room. We did not do this in advance and we were put in smoking. You could tell the difference. It had a strong smoke smell. Our clothes smelled of smoked even after we arrived in Napa several days later. This of course was an error on our part. Also be prepared to pay $35 a night for valet parking (the only non-public) with the hotel if you have a car. I would suggest this hotel to anyone. Great deal.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>acereporter
<Content>Ready to go back to the Warwick The Warwick Regis is an old world charming hotel. Its staff is friendly, helpful and courteous. Our room was small but comfortable with all the amenities -- bar, TV, dresser, wardrobe, extra pillows, extra blankets and plenty of lamps. The bathroom was ample for our needs. Our room faced Geary and we were fine with that. We enjoyed the activity of the street and liked looking out the window at the busyness below. There's no in-room coffeemakers or any coffee downtstairs in the lobby. You can get a free cup before 7 a.m.but not after.That's the only only negative thing we found during our stay. We walked a few doors down to Starbucks and people from other hotels were there too getting the java fix.La Scene Restaurant and Bar is located right in the hotel and the food delicious. We had the price fixe menu and our waitress was tremendous with personal service and patience like no other. We walked all over Union Square during our stay, saw a play and shopped and ate. We even went to Waldgreens after midnight and felt safe. Yes,there are plenty of homeless people. Every big city has its homeless. We did not have a car with as and we came in on BART so we cannot comment on the parking.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>SFCalifornia
<Content>Not too bad for SF If you want to go to the Curran Theater (we saw Jersey Boys), this hotel can't be beat. It's literally across the street and very convenient to Union Square, restaurants, etc. As for the hotel itself, it's pretty decent. The front desk was not quite as friendly as others describe. Upon check-in (came via BART from East Bay), I had to stand for 5 minutes while they checked papers, talked on the phone, etc. Then it was pretty perfunctory. The plus: I asked for a top floor to keep the noise to a minimum. I got it...and then noted the windows have double-panels. You can open one, two or leave them closed for maximum quiet. The bed (as opposed to last reviewer) was just fine and it was clean and comfortable. Bathroom was cut above average. Yes, the room was fairly small, but they're all like that in SF. My main beef: When we checked in at 3, there was coffee, tea and cookies. But at 8 a.m. the next morning, nada. Nothing. No coffee (who ever heard of a hotel without coffee in the morning)? When I asked the desk, I was told, Oh, you can ask a waiter in the restaurant (and, I assume, pay $4 a cup or whatever for coffee). Would it kill them to put a pot in the lobby? All in all, though, I thought the Warwick Regis was a fine hotel for an evening of theater across the street.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>havanahipster
<Content>Cute but BEWARE the Rock-hard beds I pricelined a room at the last minute and ended up here. This is a cute little boutique hotel with quaint rooms. The only criticism I have is the ROCK HARD beds. Yowch, I woke up with a sore back the next morning. I think the floor would have been more forgiving. Oh, and the road noise from outside was a bit much.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wollace
<Content>Nice place I booked on Priceline and was worried because they claim it to be a 4 star and all other web pages claim three. I would say it is a three star, but a very nice one. My room was clean, no wear, and very nicely decorated. A bit small compared to large suburban hotels, but afterall this is in the middle of San Francisco. Some comments made in other reviews about adjacent businesses and street people are true of all downtown hotels. Fact is, San Francisco has a lot of homeless people on the streets and the city thinks they are doing a good job! Not so in comparison to other cities. Overall, I really like the Warwick especially since my collegues stayed nearby at the Milano which was positively boring and sterile by comparison. They would agree, the Warwick was much nicer and the staff was good.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>breakfast4dinner
<Content>It was alright. I guess I was expecting something a little nicer when it said luxury 4 star. This hotel was clean and nice. It was on a busy street and so sleep was hard to come by. Being right on Geary Street, sirens could be heard all night and the old water pipes were noisy at 5am from the neighbor. The hotel is walking distance from Union Square and close to great galleries. Parking fees were really expensive but included in the room when we booked. I probably wouldn't stay here again unless it was a really good deal.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>SanJosecivilian
<Content>Old world elegance updated First a note on the poor reviews: If you do not like quaint, cozy, warm, charming then do not stay here. If you think historic buildings are small, smelly, and have small elevators then do not stay here. If you do not want to experience San Francisco's energy, shopping, dining, theater all within walking distance then do not stay here. This is a great hotel, with each suite different from the next. The staff in both hotel and restaurant are exceptional and friendly. The fellow guests my partner and I met at the hotel bar were engaging, educated, and friendly ( we even exchanged email addresses) We will be back to the Warwick each time we visit the city. If you like cookie cutter, larger, cold hotel rooms stay at a Hyatt or Hilton or other namebrand hotel. This hotel offers TRUE San Francisco charm.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>D.Scott_travel
<Content>Exceeded expectations I booked a Friday night stay at this hotel with apprehension after reading previous reviews. I must say that I was very satisfied with my stay. The room was small, but I have encountered smaller rooms in big cities. Our room overlooked Walgreens, but my teenage daughter and I had no difficulties sleeping as noise did not seem to be a problem. The room was very comfortable and clean. The location was great ,as we were there for shopping at Union Square. We took the Ferry into the City, so parking was not an issue. We called housekeeping for more pillows and it took them all of about 5 minutes to get them to us. We arrived back from dinner after 11:00p.m. and felt completely safe walking from Union Square. The only complaint was upon checkout. I booked online and received a rate that was not the same upon checkout. After providing the front desk clerk a copy of my confirmation however, it was quickly adjusted. As a travel agent, I would recomend this hotel to all of my clients.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>flyby
<Content>Possibly in Transition?               
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>eldomatt
<Content>A secret we should keep We heard about the Warwick Regis in the book Born to Shop, San Francisco by Suzy Gershman. The hotel lives up to the great review in every respect. We definitely will book here on our return to The City.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seagtiguy
<Content>This Hotel and Priceline both stink....       This is the view from the room of the "Paris Massage" parlor.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Luna6474
<Content>Never got to find out My husband and I were honeymooning in Northern California. We were looking forward to staying at the WR for our 2 night stay in San Francisco before heading further up the coast. When we arrived to the curb at the vallet, we were pleased with the location and the outside appearance of the motel and looking forward to settling in and relaxing after long day in the car. The vallet asked our names, went inside to I guess let the front dest know our names and came back out watching us unload our car. We were told that we had to get everything out now that we would want because they park the cars in different garages and it wouldn't be easily accesible for us to get our belongings in and out. After 10 minutes of us deciding what we would need and what we would keep in the car, we handed him our keys and proceeded into the front desk. The gentleman at the front desk gave us some line about how 'all the motels in the area had a glitch in scheduling and most of them-including the WR of course- were double booked'. Instead of honoring our reservations, they were sending us to the Courtyard by Marriott, where they would pay the extra on the bill and where he promised we would enjoy ourselves. It was true, we did enjoy the Courtyard by Marriott- A lot. We had a beautiful view of the city at night and had access to our car whenever we needed it. Vallet even ran to put things in and remove things from the vehicle. Everyone at the Courtyard by Marriott was sooo nice. I was really offended by the Warwick Regis, however. I couldn't believe that they waited for us to remove all of our luggage from the car at the curb before they explained to us we were not staying there. I thought that was incredibly rude. I also found it odd that other guests were coming in and checking in with no problems. If the motel was infact double booked, then why didn't they send people off based on a first come first serve basis? Also, they had 2 contact numbers for me, one which was my cellular phone which I had on myself. Why no phone call about the change in plans? Honestly, I believe that the 'double booking' story I was given was complete crap. I am assuming that because there were other events going on in the city at the same time, they probably got more money for the rooms, so they sent us on our way or something to that effect. If you're going to SF, stay at the Courtyard by Marriott. It's a great location and a nice clean place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DBrees
<Content>Don't Stay at the Warwick My husband and I stayed at the Warwick Regis for one night after spending four at the Hyatt at the Ferry Building. My husband and I are well-traveled, so we decided on the Warwick upon knowing its reputation in New York. When we arrived ahead of check-in time, we were told that we would be getting a suite room. However, the desk clerk changed and we were later told that we had a standard queen room. There was a sign posted outside of the door that stated, Chemicals on the premises may cause cancer or be a danger to pregnant women. What??? The exact wording may not be there, but the point was clear. We asked the desk attendant about the sign and he sputtered something about the kitchen and keeping people out of the alley. Our room seemed as if it hadn't been dusted in several months. Also, we had difficulty getting our luggage in the room due to it's EXTRAORDINARILY small size. The bed was supposed to be a queen, but was actually full-sized. The sheets were scratchy and deposited lint on my black pants. The pillows were small and flat. We had to open the windows to let in fresh air, but people on the street below were so noisy (we were on the 6th floor) that we couldn't sleep! If you're wise, do NOT stay here.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>A-Hamilton
<Content>Very pleasant experience We have just returned from San Francisco and staying at the Warwick Regis Hotel. I agree the rooms are certainly small but they are charming, very clean and extremely well maintained. It was a wonderful base to return to and very well located. Excellent value for money. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BRENT7
<Content>Great time at the Warwick After reading many reviews I decided on the Warwick for a 3 day weekend in San Francisco. I found it to be charming. The staff was exceptional. When the shuttle bus to the airport failed to show up at the scheduled time the front desk clerk helped me find alternate transportation.Yes, the room is not huge but for 1 or 2 persons it was just fine.I had a nice quiet room on the 7th floor. Everything is within walking distance, shopping, theaters, restaurants etc.I will definitely return to the Warwick on my next visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JewelryGirl
<Content>Sooo glad I didn't stay here!       Entrance from Geary St.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>exdancer
<Content>Charming but not my cup of tea... We stayed 3 nights, the rate was excellent and the location is great. Just a short walk to all the shopping you could ever want. The staff was very very friendly which made up for the oldness of the Old charm'. The room was clean but small. We had the junior suite which is the way to go so that you can have walking room and a place to sit. The armoires and bed looked just as it does on the web...charming. There is a ceiling fan and you can open the windows for some fresh air. The windows could use a good washing. The room with the sleeper sofa has the flat panel TV which is nice and there is actually turn down service. This old charming hotel we were told use to be a residence apartment in 1918. The hotel could use some sprucing up and a little more added amenties such as coffee maker. So it was an okay place to stay but honestly I wish I had spent just a little more for more modern accomadations. The old charm for me was not exactly my cup of tea. We did have a great time and we love San Francisco!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>pryncesscharity
<Content>Warwick Regis A+ Excellent little boutique hotel! Very Friendly staff! Perfect Location! We stayed in the Warwick Regis for 4 nights over the 4th of July weekend. Our stay was excellent! Perfect experience. Yes, the rooms are a little small and the sink/vanity is outside of the bathroom...but overall the rooms are very nice! They are decorated well and kept very clean! There is a safe and a fridge for you to use during your stay! There were free cookies and tea in the afternoon and chocolates on our turned-down bed at night! Free coffee would have been nice but they didn't have any. The good news is...there is a Starbucks like 3 doors down. Like I said excellent location. The only downside... was parking. It was pretty expensive ($29/night plus taxes etc), but what do you expect so close to Union Square in downtown San Fran. I would definetly recommend the Warwick Regis hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathiann
<Content>Nice... Nice... that about covers it. Staff is very helpful and friendly, and the place is very clean and well kept. Still... some of the rooms ARE a bit small. The ironing board hangs on the back of the bathroom door making a tiny closet of a bathroom even smaller. Neighborhood can be a bit dicey, but it's fine during the day. Would we stay there again? For the right price... but I'd still shop around a bit first to see if we could find something a step up for the same price. Frankly, if it was available I'd probably go up the street to the Hotel Adagio.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>napagirl
<Content>Repeat guest- still impressed! We first found out about this hotel from some of our friends... two different couples at different times... who raved about the Warwick Regis and said it's where they always stay when they drive into the city (we live only an hour or so away). So we tried it for the first time about four years ago and have stayed there on average two or three times a year since then. Pros:Extremely safe, convenient location, walking distance to pretty much everything we need or wantOther locations in the city are just a quick cab ride awayWelcoming and helpful staffLovely, unique, traditional decor in each room and beds (some canopy beds) are comfortableMeticulously clean and nicely arranged roomsGreat bar in lobby for pre-dinner cocktails or people watchingDelicious breakfast in the restaurant Excellent affordable pricing- you can get great deals on their websiteSeveral choices for rooms, including Deluxe rooms, and Jr. SuitesTerrific spa products in the bathsTurn-down service is a nice touchRemovable Window fans that fit in the windowsills and suck in the cool night airCons: One side of the hotel faces a Walgreen's Drug store- not the most special of San Francisco viewsSan Francisco streets, like any big city's, are NOISY throughout the night. That's a fact. You will hear the noise even on the upper floors. No A/C- rooms can get stuffy- but there are seriously only about 10 days a year in SF that you would even want A/CRooms are small. It's worth upgrading to at least the Deluxe and even better, the jr. Suite. A size upgrade makes a big difference and can often be done at little costI have had difficulty getting the front desk to recommend certain rooms- they are noncommittal at bestLobby is small (but really lovely) and lobby/restaurant restrooms are in the basement, down a long hallway with offices and maintenance closets, past workers talking about stuff you don't want to hear about (Id rather not hear details about the innermost workings of a hotel and workers complaining about mgmt, etc.)We travel a lot and live in a tourist area ourselves, and every month or so we find ourselves craving a stay at the Warwick Regis. A really nice feeling hotel and a great home base for exploring San Francisco- and it won't cost you a fortune!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BoinkPortland
<Content>Nice hotel with nice service, in a good location. Just two blocks west of Union Square (and Powell St. with its cross-city cable-car line), this was a little gem. It was clean and had a bit of old-world charm. Just 7 stories (I was on the 7th) and originally was the Maryland Hotel built in 1913 (when the stay was just $1 per night). Service at the desk was excellent. The room was small but well furnished (with flat-screen TV and antiques). I didn't use the restaurant in the hotel; one can easily walk to any number of eateries (from fast food to expensive places - all within a block or so). I was attending a meeting at the Mosconi Convention center, and had a daily walk of about 20 minutes (maybe 15) each way (which was easy and nearly level).The surrounding of the hotel were good. Lots of shopping at high-end stores, and a quick hop on a cable-car can put you at Fisherman's Wharf within 10 minutes.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Clean, Quiet        Warwick Regis on Geary  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AllisonC
<Content>Gem in Union Square I wasn't sure what to expect after reading other reviews, but I had a wonderful experience at the Warwick. It's in a great location just two blocks from Union Square, has cozy, clean rooms, and a very helpful and attentive staff. We found a great deal for only $118 per night, too. The rooms are small, but remember this is a European-style boutique hotel. There was plenty of space for my husband and I in our room, and we didn't book a suite. Other reviewers have complained about street noise, but we had peace and quiet in our room on the top floor. When we checked in I requested the highest room available and even though the hotel was fully booked, they put us on the top floor. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convienient but small I purchased this boutique hotel through Priceline. The hotel is near Union Square which makes it convienient to both the sights of SF as well as transit. Parking at the hotel was 29.00 per day plus 4.00 tax (which is par for the area). The hotel allows in and out privledges. The hotel was renovated in the late 1980's and is starting to show its age. The standard rooms are very small and are configured with a single queen bed. If you have more than two people in your party you will want to consider upgrading to a larger room. The room was clean and the hotel staff was attentive and helpful. This hotel (probably like many other in SF) did not seem to have AC. The area the hotel is in (Union Square) was not very touristy like Fisherman's Wharf. Keep this fact in mind when travelling with kids.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>London929
<Content>Central / close to Union Sq My partner and I had a room for 4 nights and we have no complaints. The Hotel is very close to Union SQ and Market Street. We walked to the train station (for the airport-train). We had dinner at Max on the Square just a few minutes down the road.The Hotel offers free shower gel et. and is clean.Romm was of a good size. Would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stace120
<Content>Loved the Warwick Regis I stayed at the Warwick Regis for a week on business. The location was terrific- just a short walk to Union Square, and there was a bus stop right out front. The staff was the most professional, helpful staff I have ever encountered. The room was tiny, but it was more than adequate for one person. The decor definately made you feel like you were in a bed and breakfast- extremely charming. I strongly recommend the breakfast that they serve every morning- the food was terrific and the juice was freshly squeezed. I will stay in the Warwick Regis on all of my return trips to SF.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exactly what I needed! I was REALLY worried about my reservation at this hotel after I read the review from the single woman from Ontario because I, too, was traveling alone. I am glad that I kept my reservation, though. I thought that the Warwick Regis was a great choice. As with almost any urban area there were rough characters on the streets. However, because the hotel was small and there was a 24 hour hotel reception desk, I felt more comfortable coming from and going to the hotel. Although the rooms were small. the antiques were beautiful and gave the hotel the feeing of a bed and breakfast. I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LesleyToronto
<Content>Warwick Regis: uncomfortable neighbourhood I'm a woman in her early 30's and stayed on my own at the Warwick Regis in San Fran in the summer of 2004. The hotel itself is very pretty in an old-fashioned way (with new fabrics and decor of course). My window faced a wall, so the room felt dark despite being nicely decorated. In addition, I found the neighbourhood felt unsafe at night for a woman alone. The hotel is right between the theatre district on one side and an impoverished neighbourhood with drug use and drug sales going on on the other side (the Tenderloin).If you're a tourist and want to be in a lively, safe, and tourist-focused area of the city, you should stay in the Fisherman's Wharf neighbourhood.lesley  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>small, smaller, smallest! We recently stayed for two nights at the Warwick Regis, and had mixed experiences throughout. Perhaps we should have recognized that there would be some ups-and-downs immediately when, during check-in, one very hospitable clerk took us through the sign-in process while another Asian woman clerk screamed into a phone at the desk within five feet of us throughout the entire ten minutes of this uncomfortable and unwelcoming encounter! Our rental vehicle was valet-parked, a pricey ($29 +) convenience that allows unlimited access throughout the day, rather than in and leave it for the week end. It was always ready after we called down about 20-30 minutes before we needed it. Thank you, Nestor! The next- and major- disappointment was the size of our travel-site package room: surely the smallest they have! Be sure to check this beforehand, as it was barely big enough to walk around the canopied bed and avoid hitting the huge armoire. An upgrade would have added $40 per night to the bill. The room is clean, if not crisp- with its period brocade furniture and chandelier. The bathroom desperately needed a ventilation fan, as it harbored dampness and molding grout. Opening windows to get fresh air (since air conditioning is so un-SF) only lets in the rumbles and sirens of the traffic on Geary Street, a major thoroughfare. Also be careful about the snack basket placed bedside: the pricelist was missing and the temptation was great. The breakfast buffet looked appealing, but the very stately dining room on the right never seemed to have a diner throughout our two evenings stay. Coffee is free for the guests who venture in and ask for a cup -to-go.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sweptaway
<Content>Sweet, helpful, friendly,  Stayed here for two nights during the last few days of a whirlwind tour of northern california.. Found the front desk staff to be sweet, helpful, friendly and courteous.. the room was fine, although we did ask for an upgrade after the first night when it seemed as if all the fire trucks from SF's firehouses screamed by on Geary Streeet at about 3am.. We were moved upstairs the next day (they moved all our bags while we were out galavanting) to a much quieter 7th floor room and slept soundly that night. Free internet access, delicious breakfast, and great location (easy access to all public transportation) were excellent perks. Beautiful bathrooms, cotton robes, and good water pressure for showers were also appreciated and enjoyed. Leave your car at home or return it to the rental place (thats what we did) and take the trolley, bus, or BART.. they go everywhere, and parking is hugely expensive anywhere in SF. Ill stay here again in a heartbeat! :)  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frappucina
<Content>Friendly Staff        Bed - standard Queen size room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, Wonderful service We felt like we were the only guests at the hotel. The service was great! The room was kind of small, but very charming and comfortable. It is close to the major shopping district with plenty of good restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SusieR.
<Content>Great Place! We had an excellent time at this hotel. We were in an upgraded room on the corner of the building and thought it was absolutely beautiful -- canopy bed, marble bathroom. It did not have air conditioning, but we stayed in the end of June and did not feel a bit uncomfortable. The location was great. A nice little cafe around the corner -- Pinecrest Cafe. But, many other restaurants to chose from. We walked to the subway to return to the airport (maybe 6 blocks) without any trouble and was actually easier, cheaper and much more relaxing than a shuttle.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just fine for us We spent 4 nights in the Warwick Regis In Nov/04 and found much of what other reviewers said to be true. Yes, the rooms are small. Yes, the sink is in the main room area. Yes, it is close to The Tenderloin Yes, it can be quite noisy even for our room on the 7th floor. However, these things were not detrimental to the whole hotel experience. The hotel has a great location, was clean and beautifully furnished, very quiet on the inside, and the staff were helpful but not overbearing. Depending on what you are looking for, this could be the place for you.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellaguru
<Content>The best experience! We loved this hotel. It's a great value, with 1st class service, beautiful rooms. It is everything it says it is. I didn't find our room to be too small, we had a bath with a full bathtub, turndown service at night and all of the staff were extremely helpful. It's in a great location and near lots of public transportation. I will definitely stay there again and recommend this hotel to all my friends.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Marcus_and_Wendy
<Content>Location, charm and price - perfect combination   showReview(2605044, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No free coffee!   showReview(2583764, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great experience   showReview(2308561, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant Charm   showReview(2265821, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Hotel: Do not stay here   showReview(1559488, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Long-time client   showReview(1235941, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Small Hotel   showReview(1144536, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service!   showReview(1033113, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Union Sqaure Charmer   showReview(906666, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinouMinette16
<Content>Hotel  viter absolument   showReview(19312006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>piwie
<Content>Tolle Lage, kleine Zimmer, gutes Frhstck   showReview(18161830, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel emplacement   showReview(18535444, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19165084, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

