<Author>LuxuryLover129
<Content>Great Overall Great hotel. Staff very courteous and nice. Nice lobby and the bakery was good. If you book the luxury, the 450sqf half is the bathroom, nicest bathroom I have ever seen. Highly reccomend, especially if going to Rogers Centre.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicknesta
<Content>fantastic hotel fantastic hotel . i was here on business and the hotel is a nice home away from home. Bedroom is great and bathrrom is wonderfull with a great bath and walk in shower.I have stayed here many times and cannot recommend it highly enough. I will be back soon.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Moth
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed here with my husband for five nights on a trip that started out as a family visit, but quickly became a business trip as well. This hotel was perfect for both. Staff were very welcoming at check in and extremely helpful throughout our stay.The rooms are spacious, the beds large and comfortable, there is plenty of hanging and storage space and the bathrooms are huge and very well appointed (exactly like the Four Seasons in New York if you know that one). We booked at a very reasonable rate through booking.com.The location is convenient, easy walking distance from the CN Tower and lots of shopping, but not right in the middle of things so the street is quiet and it's a good location to pick up a cab and easy for cars to wait there.Last Monday morning, with no notice at all, the Business Centre (thank you again, Carmen) accepted two large documents by email and printed out four colour copies in minutes, delivering them in record time. This is the best and most efficient service I have ever had from a hotel business centre anywhere in the world.If I have any gripes it is that the bakery (the informal restaurant) is a little small and feels very exposed with glass walls on two sides. They really must buy new teapots - if you order tea there there is no way of avoiding having most of it on the table!If I ever return to Toronto, I will definitely stay in the Soho Metropolitan.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ACanadianguy
<Content>An excellent hotel My wife and I booked a quick weekend getaway to Toronto and chose the Soho Metropolitan based on previous experience with this facility.We arrived at the hotel at 11 am and were allowed to check in early - a big plus for us, since the weather was cold, wet and rainy and we appreciated the opportunity to get settled before braving the outdoors. Check-in was swift and the service was pleasant without being overbearing. The room was very comfortable and both of us appreciated the wide-screen TV, the well-appointed bathroom and the firm but comfortable bed. Our room package included a bottle of sparkling wine, which we enjoyed after returning to the hotel from dinner. The next morning, we had breakfast at Cora's, which is located just across the street and offers an excellent assortment of breakfast options.This hotel is a little off the beaten track for those who want to be close to the shopping in Yorkville or to the museums, but it makes up for it in comfort and unpretentious service. Next time, we'll be back and we'll bring our bathing suits to enjoy the pool and hot tub.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jonze
<Content>Boutique hotel with cold styling + mediocre warmth @ front desk This is a boutique hotel with comfortable beds and clean rooms. Like most boutique hotels, it's a bit over-priced for what you get, but it served my purpose and the location doesn't put you out in a seedy part of town or anything.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Lesslyn
<Content>Relaxing, Luxurious My husband and I wanted a relaxing night in at a hotel in our own city. This was the perfect place. The room had a king sized bed, a huge window, a flat screen tv and a beautiful marble bathroom. The turndown service and selection of pillows was lovely. We ordered room service, not expecting much, and had an amazing meal. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the duvet and sheets were incredibly soft. A great escape.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wacky
<Content>Absolutely impeccable I stayed at the SoHo Met 2 nights 鈥?first night with my girlfriends to relax and pretty up for my wedding and the second with my new husband on our wedding night. Originally I wanted to book the new Hazelton Hotel for uber luxury, but it was a bit far from our wedding venue on King Street and downtown traffic was the last stress I needed! We chose SoHo for proximity, design, luxury, privacy and service. We did compromise on view -- parking lot is not so sexy though our room had a good view of the CN tower -- but none of the waterfront hotels could compare with what SoHo offered anyway. (As a Torontonian we had the luxury of touring several hotels prior to making out selection)Our stay was absolutely impeccable. Fresh orchids, large suite, plush robes and slippers, ridiculously comfortable bed, Molton Brown seamoss hydrosoak salts, yuan zhi sleep mist, complimentary bottles of water replenished daily, and most memorably the top notch service, from the bellman to the GM, pre-check in to post-check out. We did not use the kitchen but it was well stocked. The only thing I would have liked to have is a larger bathroom with Jacuzzi tub. I would recommend SoHo to the most discerning traveler.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ronan_Jon
<Content>NoGo SoHo I'm not the kind of person who normally complains but for these guys I'm going to make an exception. The treatment received from this hotel would have been disgraceful if it was from a back street doss house let alone an establishment masquerading as one of Toronto's top hotels. My little sister was traveling from Dublin to Toronto with her boyfriend and after she experienced huge delays in her flight my mother and I decided to treat her by booking her into what we had heard was a superior quality hotel. We rang the hotel directly and booked them in for 11 nights - the hotel staff asked us to send over scanned copies of our credit card details and photo id which we duly did and I confirmed by email and phone that everything was fine. When my sister arrived at the hotel they explained to her she needed to pay C$600 which would be returned to her as soon as the credit card was validated. The following morning my sister was told that the hotel had still not received the required documentation from us. I called the duty manager who again confirmed they had received the documents but that now our credit card hadn't worked. We went through the details again and they confirmed that the credit card had now worked and all was in order.The next day I had an email from the hotel asking to contact them - and again they told me that the credit card hadn't worked even though they'd confirmed it had the previous night! They asked us to wire money directly to them - we decided we'd wire money directly to my sister and she could pay them cash. For some strange reason the price we were being quoted now jumped up dramatically from our original booking. We also discovered that our credit card which the SoHo not been able to use had been charged nearly C$3,000 and my sister still had not received back her C$600 deposit. At this point we asked the hotel to deal directly with us as our sister was very stressed about the whole event and this was her first holiday since our father died earlier this year. We advised she would not be staying for the full 11 days and would be checking out 24 hours later as we'd had enough. When my sister and her boyfriend returned to their room the night they were due to check out they found their room had been locked and the hotel were demanding cash payment that night before they'd let them back in. They had to persuade the staff to let them back into the room so they could get the cash out of their safe to pay. Overall about C$1,800 for 4 nights accommodation (breakfast not included) and the privilege of been treated like criminals. I haven't been to Toronto before, but if this is what passes for 5 star service in Canada I think I'm going to head over there an open an hotel because even though I've had no training I couldn't fail to beat the inefficient and downright offensive treatment my sister received. Oh, and as of today our credit card still hasn't been refunded the charge.Orla Jennings - Dublin  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>M747
<Content>Nice Modern Hotel Nice hotel. Friendly service and Large rooms and bathroom. No Flat Screen tv, but You cant get them all  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CATrvl08
<Content>Great Location- Heated Marble Floors! Fabulous service that was evident upon check-in. I stayed in a Luxury room which had a nice closet built in for storing and luggage. The bathroom was very luxurious- heated marble floors, pretty impressive. The only drawback was the view of the parking lot across the street. Senses for dinner was great- they whipped up a 7 course vegetarian tasting menu for me without notice- this usually requires advance notice to the restaurant. Senses bakery for breakfast was tasty as well. Concierge arranged car service, etc with no problems. Great stay- I will return next time I am in Toronto.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>espengc
<Content>A true five star experience!       Kitchen1 - Executive suite  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kecoco
<Content>Enjoyable Toronto Hotel So I was a little nervous about staying at the Soho Metropolitan in Toronto. There had been mixed reviews about the location and the views over a parking lot. The hotel website has only a few photos so I did not know what to expect. Check-in was efficient we were told that we had been upgraded to a luxury room from a deluxe.......fanstastic. We get to the room and based upon room descriptions on their website the room was a lower level than we booked instead of an upgrade. Fortunately the front desk caught their mistake immediately and called the room to let us know that was not the room we should have been given.........yeah!. Our new room was 550 sq. ft of beautiful sleek subdued space with a dressing room covered in maple veneer and an enormous perfectly designed bathroom with good lighting. Staff were young and appeared to be a little inexperienced but what they lacked in experience they made up with politeness and helpfulness. The location worked for us.....easy walk to most places and only a few blocks from a subway stop. I would definitely recommend this hotel Please note that the Senses cafe serves a european type buffet breakfast in the morning and is kind of pricey.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>raven40
<Content>Best in Toronto We have stayed in numerous top hotels in Toronto but this place beats them all .. 4 Season, The Savoy, St Germain etc do not truly compare with the level of service, comfort of rooms and amenities.Each of the other hotels has its distinct pluses but none compare with Soho .. 4 Seasons location for restaurants and interestng shops of Yorkville and committment to service .. Savoy's ambience .. St Germain rooms but it is snooty and cold feeling .. the only down side is the Sohos's location .. a stiff walk to main attractions and better restaurants BUT close to night life of King Street and the funky shops on Queen St.We will be back!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aquaholic78
<Content>Crap, at it's finest! .... this was my honeymoon - we requested a quiet stay, so we were put on the 'Serenity Floor' .. however, a few hours later, realized, the GYM was ABOVE the Serenity Floor. We could hear people runnign on treadmills, which was pounding through the ceilings .. and free weights being dropped.Needless to say, we checked out a few hours later. With no apology, and we took a taxi to the Fairmount, which was great. What a crappy start to my HONEYMOON!UGH!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>TinaWelland
<Content>Stay at your hotel again and see Dirty Dancing again... I am very impressed with the courtesy of your staff, the quick and friendly service they provide and the comfortable, spacious, very clean rooms. Trevor Francis had reserved our rooms for the evening when we attended Dirty Dancing last Tuesday. It is a fact that the first impression is a lasting impression...I had not taken two steps off the elevator in the lobby of your hotel that a very friendly lady came towards me from behind the concierge desk and asked if she could help. I indicated I was coming to register and immediately a gentleman, I think his name was Chris, took my suitcase and my clothes bag and directed me to the registration desk. Within 5 - 8 minutes I had the key to my room and was escorted to Room 211. I received a thorough explanation regarding switches and amenities. I really, really was impressed and will definitely book at Soho again when I need a hotel in Toronto. THANK YOU! Please convey my congratulations to your staff for a job well done.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Susan99
<Content>I usually pick a Marriott For some reason this little hotel just called my name - - and I'm so glad I stayed there.I think it was the heated bathroom floor that caught my fancy, but the bed was the real star - - and for me, that's when I know I'm at a quality hotel. The bed was beyond fabulous, and linens were luxurious. The clock radio is also a docking station for an i-pod. The bathroom is super, a beautiful tub for relaxing after a stressful drive, and a great shower to get started for the next day! When I returned to the hotel in the evening, the turn-down service had been done, there was quiet classical music playing, drapes drawn, and a complimentary bottle of water by the bed. The hotel was generally quiet until about 8:45 AM when a cacophony of doors slamming suddenly started up and in many cases it seemed to be the same door! Housekeeping should be more aware of that sound than they appeared to be.Check-in was easy, the concierge was very attentive and good at his job. The view was so-so but I could see the CN Tower! Location-wise it's easy to get to off the Gardiner Expressway and after a 6 hour drive in high winds, that's exactly what I needed!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hotel_Heiress23
<Content>Disgusted Found a super deal online for a rate of $100/night at the SoHo Met -- couldn't believe what I was seeing, so i double checked and sure enough, found the same deal through the hotel's direct website. Obviously, i booked it right away and cancelled the previous booking I had with another great hotel nearby. Confirmation was sent to me and I thought all was fine and dandy until in-house reservations called me the next day to tell me there was a mistake with the rate they had advertised. The package deal was really supposed to be $485/night but as compensation they would be willing to offer me the same room for $200 -- that's double the price i was expecting to pay and excluding the rest of the package details. WHAT ON EARTH?!For a swanky, 5-star hotel, i was appalled by management's handling of this situation. They should have been able to honour their adverisement and cut their losses, considering the profit they are making on a regular basis (approx $300/night for a regular stay) and the fact that it was THEIR mistake, rectified a day too late.It's really too bad, because i was supposed to book a week's stay for some high-end clients in town next month but will no longer do so at the Soho Met.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clarawat
<Content>lovely hotel Stayed for a sat night visit to the city. Wonderful hotel if visiting Rogers centre, ACC, CN tower, exhibition, theatres, etc. If you love to shop, you might prefer Yonge and Bloor. Small but beautiful room overlooking CN Tower, which at night, is lovely. Had a snack in the Senses Cafe (very nice), and dinner in the hotel restaurant, which was exceptional (a really nice suprise). Hotel has pool and gym, And you can walk in the area safely at night. Room was spectacular- really well appointed, lots of storage for clothes, great mini-bar (although expensive- you might want to bring a bottle of wine). The bathroom was so lovely I was tempted to sleep there- heated floor, under cabinet lighting, gorgeous shower and tub....even the garbage can was sexy!!! The downside- parking at $30. a day (as in, $60. for overnight)! Oh well, it is a big city, and the hotel is in a great location!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spamstan
<Content>My New Toronto Favorite I recently stayed at the Soho Metropolitan on a business trip. Great experience. I will be back.The service was top notch. I checked in after midnight and the front desk staff was friendly and alert, unlike other hotels I've stayed in and done late night check in. I was fortunate enough to be bumped to a premium room, which was more than I needed but of course quite welcome. Nice sitting area, good work space, comfortable bed. Huge bathroom that included heated floors, a nice touch. Flat panel TV (a new hotel standard) with DVD player. Almost seemed a shame to leave and go to the office.Breakfast was a buffet in the attached bakery/coffee stand. It wasn't terribly busy, but still service was prompt. Food was fine. The bar was pretty lively early in the evening, part of the reason being that it was also the waiting area for their restaurant. Later that evening the paced had slowed down considerably.Location is great - right in the core, walking distance or short cab ride from most things you'd need or want to do. Airport is about 20 mins by cab in no traffice (considerably longer in traffic).They do have a nice exercise facility but I wasn't able to take advantage of it. It's not open 24 hours, which is a drawback. Overall it's a hotel I will look forward to visiting again.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>myp22202
<Content>Luxury boutique experience Very modern hotel with luxury amenities in rooms. Many rooms are almost too large, seeming cavernous to the business traveler. Wireless connection was not great, but manageable. Service is excellent, especially concierge. Room service/restaurant is very fancy, but I found it to be more show than substance. Heated floors in bathrooms are very nice touch for winter seasons.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	-1	4	4	3	

<Author>Alison297
<Content>wonderful experience Wonderful hotel to stay in, excellent service, beautiful rooms, amazing bathrooms. Best to sign up to preferred hotel group then you get the best rate and are more likely to be upgraded to superior room like we did. The front desk staff could not be more helpful. They found us a table on New Year's Eve for 6 of us at a very top Italian restaurant. The sen5es coffee shop did a lovely breakfast buffet, amazing granola yoghurt muesli. Delicious cakes and pastries. Would highly recommend and would have no hesitation about staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calidragon
<Content>good but not great I have stayed at the Metropolitan several times and this last one was probably the least satisfying. First off, i made the mistake of staying in a suite which is less desirable than their king rooms. It actually seems like less space and is considerably more money. Our room was overlooking the alley way which during the weekend is quiter but early Monday morning all the garbage trucks come to collect the weekend trash and is noisy to say the least. The mini bar was not restocked. The bar added their own tip on top of mine, toilettries were not restocked either. All in all a nice place but certainly not worth the money and no much more than 3 star service.Will try another hotel next trip to Toronto...  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Lapchien
<Content>Laid back and funky Stayed here for 8 nights here recently. A few issues with the room, but they were quickly ironed out by the manager after a quiet word - blown bulbs, housekeeping issues - nothing major, but in this price range defiantly worth mentioning.The location is fine - not the best, it's on a busy intersection of roads right by the Rogers Centre, it gets very busy before and after events there, as well as Fri/Sat evenings. Reception staff were attentive and efficient. The bar has a very Malmaison look about it - all dark browns and reds and candles etc. We did not eat here in the evening (and neither should you - get out and sample the foodie heaven that is Toronto!) but we did have breakfast here on our first day, before we knew better. It was overpriced and not good value - maybe the chef had an off day, but the meals were just chucked on the plate, burnt eggs etc (breakfast tip - we also joined the queue outside Cora鈥檚 - but do not - it's another wasted effort, the breakfasts consist of things like Eggs Benedict with water melon and star fruit - just wrong!)Nice gym - compact but lots of kit, also the pool is small but perfectly formed, and there's a big whirlpool bath right next to it.I would consider staying here again - but would almost certainly check in at the suites down the road (as reviewed at #1 in the Toronto hotels review) - there is so much great food around that it's wicked not to buy some of the raw materials and cook it yourself).Oh - there was a 拢500 difference for the same room when booked on Expedia instead of the hotel's website!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Gorgon12
<Content>Sleek, luxe choice In short, my favorite place to stay in Toronto given the combination of luxe rooms, good service and locationPros:- super, large bathrooms -- very luxurious, spacious and comfortable with great products (Molton Brown)- luxe, minimalist rooms (the color palette is very neutral and there is no extra clutter, but the bed is very comfortable, the draper open by remote control, and the room is very well maintained)- good service (not really up to Four Seasons standard, but tend to be very friendly and well-meaning)- great gym (but closes much too early at 10:30)- excellent food at the Senses bakery (too die for coffee and pastries)Cons:- most rooms lack a good view or great light as the hotel is on the low floors of a condo building - not directly attached to Toronto's underground PATH system (it's a short walk to the PATH, but in winter you really appreciate the direct connection -- however, the hotels that are directly attached (Fairmont, Sheraton, Hilton aren't worth the benefit)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>SC_Bflo
<Content>Very Good but our stay was ruined by noise Hotel was very nice. Very clean room and common area. Modern decor, attractive, good amenities in the rooms.Fitness center has good equipment, but was a little on the small side. We did not check out the pool.Service was great. Every person we encountered that worked their was helpful and polite. Turndown service every night, provided fresh towels and bottled water on the night stand.Problem: Our room #220 was located above the lobby. The first night we were in town, we were awakened at 2:30 am by people in the street outside the restaurant entrance. They were waiting for a taxi, were inebriated and very loud.The second night we were awakened by drunks at 4:30 am.For over $300 a night, it is unexcusable that a hotel would rent us a room basically on top of the taxi stand. It is really too bad, because this could have been a great trip.If you stay there make sure you are on an upper floor, away from the lobby entrance.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmpls79
<Content>Wonderful Went to Toronto for 4 nights but only stayed here at the SOHO Metropolitan for 2 and stayed at the Pantages for the other 2 nights. SOHO costed twice as much and to me was much more well worth it than Pantages. Stayed in the luxury Rooms, exactly like the pictures, rooms super cleans, beautiful bathroom, and ALL the staff were wonderful, fast checkin/checkout. When doorman was there and not helping anyone else, they opened the door for us and greeted us each time. The first day we arrived after bringing the luggage to our room, we decided to walk to CN towers (2-3 blocks away) , and it was raining a little bit and had forgotten the umbrella in the car. As we were walking out of the elevator the doorman noticed us heading outside and he rushed to grab an umbrella for us and opened the door for us. We never even had to ASK for an umbrella. Bottled water and ice everynight for turndown service. Best experience ever, will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CA78
<Content>Modern, sleek luxury       nearby CN tower at dusk  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jet-lagged-traveller
<Content>Loved the hotel but location not the best We really liked this hotel, it made a nice change from staying in big chains, with much more personal service. We stayed twice, either side of visiting Niagara Falls, and requested the same room for the second stay [which they gave us] as it was quiet - I think that some rooms street side could suffer from late night noise. We particularly liked the separate dressing area and big, luxurious bathroom. We ate one eveing meal in the restaurant, which was good but a bit pricey [the chef came round to see how all liked the food, and I noticed him going off to do some requested special orders from other guests after - presumably at additional cost mind you, but again very personal service]. The buffet breakfast may not be the biggest, but has a good selection and is exceptionally good value for quality- half the cost we predicted. I have rated this wholly on the hotel as I thought this excellent, with very helpful staff. I was not quite so struck on the location, a bit of a walk to anywhere we really wanted to go, either central or by the water, but I thought the city quite sprawling anyway, so location could almost be an issue anywhere I would imagine if you want to see it all. Overall we were really happy with this choice of hotel  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Iloveboutiquehotels
<Content>Senses! My hips are wider from having croissants every morning there... What a nice treat to stay in a hotel with an incredible bakery onsite! Being a Vancouverite I am familiar with Senses and Thomas Hass pastries, so I made a point of having my breakfast in Senses every morning. I must say however, the baristas in the Vancouver location make better lattes!Okay about the hotel... great staff, everyone was warm and welcoming, always tried to anticipate my needs before I even asked and they were very classy. I know they're marketing this hotel as a boutique hotel but somehow I didn't get that feel. It's hard to peg why I felt that way, maybe it's the long corridor to get to the room, long walks to the room always makes me think of a convention hotel. The rooms were decorated in a clean contemporary style but nothing that left an impression. It made me giggle when I saw picture frames decorated in rooms with the original generic picture left inside (b/w picture of a stylish woman and on the bottom said umbra!). Not a boutique touch don't you think? This is such a small detail but I had to add that! Molton Brown oatmeal soap was very nice, the shampoo and conditioner had a very masculine smell so I ended up using my back-up shampoo. I would stay at SoHo again on business but then there are many other hotels in Toronto to choose from at this cost. They need something extra to capture my loyalty.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	-1	5	5	3	

<Author>StephanieinOntario
<Content>Loved the Atmosphere and Decor! We really enjoyed the SoHo. It was decorated exactly how I would decorate my own home...clean, modern, but warm and comfortable. Check in was easy, parking was simple, and the room exceeded our expectations. I am one PICKY customer, so that was a nice surprise. The bathroom was my favourite....heated marble, spotless, the remote control curtains, maid service, etc...everything was great, except their Restaurant Senses. It was rated well, so we were excited to have a fabulous meal. They no longer have a tasting menu as advertised, they were out of the two dishes I wanted to order, and when my husband ordered a port, they gave him the wrong one, and then tried to argue over it. Not good for a $375 plus meal for 2. However, breakfast at their bakery was excellent. Smoked salmon, cheeses, eggs anyway you want them...dim sum...but $20 a person.We would stay there again, but not waste our money on their restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>CWS
<Content>a quality, well run hotel Usually stay at one of the bigger chain hotels in Toronto.This time tried the Soho Met. Made for a refreshing change. Firstly the staff were some of the most professional I've encountered in a large hotel. The decor is very stylish and contemporary. The ambience is equally cool and calming. A standard room is an average size but the bathroom and dressing areas are real pluses. Would suggest anyone staying hear joins the hotels iprefer plan (gives you room upgrade, if available). This place really took the stress out of travelling and a welcome change to McHilton etc etc...  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tania123
<Content>Soho Met.. You rock! We stayed in the Soho Residences during Christmas and New Year after coming from England. Yes it was extremely quiet during that time but the hotel staff made up for it and were extremely friendly. Lisa, Soraya and an another Gentleman whose name I have forgotten (the one who is getting married! Aaron?) were great and did their best to keep us entertained!The residences were bright, spacious and great value for money. My husband and I tend to spluge out when we go on holiday, we have stayed at Le Tousserok in Mauritius, Kanuhura in the Maldives and the Shangri-la in Sydney but the service we got from the Soho Met surpassed them all! We would go back in a shot... Soho Met and Toronto you are great!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>steveNewYork
<Content>ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE Live in New York and have lived in Dallas so i was encouraged by some of the other reviews posted, comparing this dump to some amazing properties like the Mansion in Dallas.I was supposed to stay here for 10 days but I finally gave up on the horrible location, lousy service and cheap pretend furniture, and left after 4 days. At the begginning of the week, the area is a ghost town. Other than a couple of pubs, there is nothing here. As bad as that is, come Thursday I regretted my complaints. On Thursday this club location turns into a loud-kids only -hang out. Mobs of kids, shootings etc. Bring A bullet proof vest and ear plugs. I finally gave up and left on Friday.The rooms are spacious but furnished from a cheap bargain store. Scratches and chips everywhere. Linen, while nice at some previous point, were bear and some even had stains. Room service??? Now there was a joke. It basically did not exist, and the one time it did arrive within an hour of ordering, the fries were soggy, and the salad was wilted.When I tried to complain, I just got a run around and some condesending results, suggesting that Bloor St is more my location. So I took their advice and moved to one of the Hotels in that area and had an absolutely amazing time. Toronto is GREAT but the SOHO MET is a DUMP. I am inb my 40's, so maybe I have been around too long to know when to move on, and I did OUT of the SOHO. And so should anyoneone else that is unfortunate enough to have booked here.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Lukabijou
<Content>Definitely THE BEST I stayed at the Soho two times and each time was lovely. My most recent visit was over New Year's Eve weekend. (My husband and I were suprised to see some of the same staff who had been there over a year earlier still working there ). The rooms are great  spacious. The linens are nice, the bath products are nice and the large tubs are great for taking relaxing bubble baths. The only thing we though was odd is that the televisions seem to be old and clunky. They don't really fit in with the modern and sleek decor.The service is incredible. My husband had a stomach ache and I called down to the front desk to ask if they had any medicine. It was late--and they offered to run to the drug store to pick him up some Pepto. WOW! I was impresed. They also gave us humidifiers for our rooms (we were with 2 other couples) b/c the air was so dry. They went out of their way to find a place for us to eat on New Year's Day--and to confirm and change existing restaurant reservations. The staff is wonderful. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>English_Traveller-7
<Content>Top Hotel Where do I start? All the staff from the reception, bar, gym, concierge and restaurant were very friendly and helpful. The room was excellent, lovely bed, luxurious bathroom and huge wardrobe space (Important for the missus as she has lots of clothes). The pool and hot-tub were very nice, not big, but they weren鈥檛 too crowded either. The bar was very modern but had a nice atmosphere and on the last night we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant, which was excellent. The location was spot on for access to the city centre and the waterfront, including the CN tower. I would definitely stay here again. The hotel is not cheap but is worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Franchise35
<Content>Fantastic Getaway Hotel - Highly Recommended This hotel was great from start to finish! We wanted a 2 day getaway in Toronto (to see a show and go to a spa) and this hotel didn't disappoint. I signed up for the iPrefer program for free online. This led to us being upgraded to a Luxury room upon check-in. The room was very big and had all the amenities you could ask for. We liked the walk in closet concept and the bathroom was HUGE. (complete with soaker tub and heated floor...very cool!) The consierge was very helpful (Chris was his name) and gave us several good restaurant recommendations in the area. The Senses Bakery was very good (a little pricey but delicious food) and the Senses Bar was a great place to end the evening. (again, a bit pricey but the service was great!)The location of the hotel was good. All major sites were within walking distance (Eaton Center=10 minutes, Theatre District=5 minutes, etc). The only slight inconvenience was that the closest subway stop was a few blocks away. Not usually a big deal but in the middle of winter in Toronto it's nice to stay indoors in the PATH system as much as possible). We needed a cab to get to our show and Chris the consierge got us the complimentary hotel limo...very nice touch!Overall the location of the hotel, combined with the excellent service and posh surroundings made this a great place to stay. We got the internet rate which was only $50 a night more than staying at the Marriott or Sheraton (and the room was twice as big as something you would get at those places). We would not hesitate to stay here again for our next trip to Toronto!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelNutsie
<Content>Not Luxurious as stated Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a luxury room...great, right?Just a higher floor, but small room. Your typical average minimalist wannabee W, minus the nice fluffy down pillows  cool furnishings.Concierge service was nonexistent. Our 1st experience with her(the tall brunette,) the bell boy had to come over to give us directions. The 2nd experience, she was helping a guest on the phone...okay that is legitimate, so we waited till she was finished. Soon after, she not only failed to aknowledge that we were right infront of her, but she picked up another call, this time it was a her friend. As she started to tell the friend that she wasn't doing anything much, we got fed up  went over to the front desk for help. Maybe concierge service means something different in Canada.Another annoyance, if you rent a car as we did for business, you can self park, but have to validate the ticket every day, otherwise you are denied exit from the property...they have to come up with a better system.Now for the plus...the bathroom was beautiful, big  the heated floors were great. Cute hotel, but not for the price. Next time, the Cospomolitan as was originally recommended by client.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	5	4	2	3	

<Author>TorMapleLeafs
<Content>Pure Indulgence We chose to stay at the Soho Met during our vacation to Toronto - my husband does not do high rise hotels and the Met was the perfect find. It did not disappoint!!Admittedly more pricey than most of the rest, but in terms of luxury and location, you cannot beat it.Our room was on the 3rd floor, and having previously seen a review about noise from outside, we can honestly say that there was very little noise that could be heard, and the bed was far too comfortable to worry about it anyway!! The view of the CN tower just rounded it all off nicely.The staff were attentive, nothing too much trouble, and we would definitely go back.Oh, and check out the bathrooms - to die for.Didn't try the restaurant, as although highly recommended, it seemed a bit too stuffy, though we are sure it's great. The bar is very cool, though maybe a bit too sedate.This hotel definitely has the wow factor - you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Minsters041
<Content>A fantastic hotel This is a fantastic hotel, the rooms are excellent, the staff friendly and helpful, the location great and the bathrooms amazing.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WillowG
<Content>A great hotel I can't say enough about the high quality of this hotel. My company's travel agency booked me here on a recent business trip. The rooms are huge, with luxurious bathroom and vast closet space. There is a comfortable couch facing the TV. The lighting in the rooms is excellent for work and reading. High-speed internet connection is free--perfect for the business traveler. An excellent healthy breakfast buffet is available in the cafe. Best of all, the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. The concierge even followed me to the front door to wave good-bye and wish me a safe flight home!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelqueenie
<Content>Great luxury bathroom I booked this hotel based on reviews here, and we were very happy with our room. Stayed in a luxury room on the 4th floor and didn't notice any street noise. The front desk and concierge service was solid and friendly, no matter who was working. We didn't eat there as there was a Cora's across the street and we ate breakfast there. Try Jump down the street for dinner. It was a bit expensive but a very good choice, in a good location, and there always seemed to be taxis waiting outside. There was a drugstore nearby for necessities and water. The marble bathroom had a heated floor and we loved it. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tamsay
<Content>the SoHo was great My wife and I were married on October 1st and we wanted to stay at a nice hotel after the reception was over. We wanted to splurge on a nice hotel room for one night, so after intense researching we booked a night at the Soho. Well, we couldn't have made a better choice. We arrived at 1am and were greeted by friendly front desk staff who treated us with courtesy. The front desk gentleman upgraded us to a suite and gave us a late checkout. He also insisted on parking our rental car himself. As for the hotel room itself, we were given seasonal fruit and a complimentary bottle of champagne. The room was spectacular; it was well decorated, it had a plasma tv, a safe, writing desk and smart furniture. The bedroom very comfortable which made for a great night's sleep after such a busy day. The bathroom was beautiful. It had a large bath tub or a glass enclosed shower. It was wel lit and was covered in marble. We found the heated floors to be very nice, too.Is the SoHo expensive? Yes, but it is definitely worth it. The staff is friendly and professional and will always greet you with a smile. We definitely recommend the SoHo and we would go there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deeks1234567890
<Content>Amazing staff Let me tell you ... the staff in this hotel are amazing. The most amazing concierge I have ever had was Lisa. She was so attentive to every need I had and made fabulous recommendation to the trendy clubs and to some restaurants that I would have never discovered as they were not yet listed in my travel guides. I feel like I would have missed out if it had not have been for Lisa. She went above and beyond what I expected and was the most real and friendly concierge I have ever met. I am a member of Quintessentially and she ranks highest among this luxury service of global concierges that I have ever come across. Absolutely an amazing time at the Soho because of staff like Lisa. Kudos and next time I am in the city I will be once again staying at the Soho and hope that the staff remain at this high caliber. Thank you.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elegantraveller
<Content>A great stay, excellent value We enjoyed our stay at the Soho very much indeed. Our room was comfortable, clean and well equipped and a peaceful refuge from the busy city.Sadly we couldn't eat at Senses restaurant since it was fully booked but we enjoyed an excellent meal at Rain, a stylish restaurant nearby.Yes, the neighbourhood is hardly the best, but the hotel is only a short walk away from all the main attractions.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaxPower2006
<Content>SoHo - Great Location, Great Hotel I stayed in the SoHo while on a business trip as they were having a special that made it cheaper than the Royal York (where I usually stay when in town).The SoHo is one block north of Front Street on the western side of the downtown core. It was a nice 10 minute walk to get to Bay and Yonge where my meetings were (as opposed to a 3 or 4 minute walk from the Royal York). What I love about the SoHo however, is that it is a smallish hotel, no where near the size of the Royal York and because of that there was much more personalized attention. After I checked in, I went across the street to Wayne Gretzky's bar to have a beer while I watched the hockey game and when I came back the concierge greeted me by name - which is the sort of personalized touch that is so great with a boutique hotel.The restaurant in the hotel (Senses?) was very good if not a bit pricey, especially if you are not on an expense account. The mix of people in the hotel seemed to be business travellers, youngish hipsters and Europeans (met a nice guy from Paris who was in town with his girlfriend on business). No kids evident.The rooms were larger than I would expect and the bathrooms were amazing, so far above Royal York level I couldn't even compare them - huge walk-in with a heated floor and top notch toiletries. The bed linen was great (easily compares to Westin/Hyatt level of beds) and I liked the novelty of the auto-blinds.As has been noted in previous reviews, my view (I was on the 6th floor I think) was of a building under-construction, but which appeared to be close to completion - looks like a condo. I was never bothered by any noise. This area is a very trendy with lots of high end condos around. There is a parking lot adjacent as well. Reading through the reviews, I am surprised to see no one commented on the great night-time views of the big building lights. I quite liked that.Also, it was one block away from King St (lots of restaurants and theatres) and about 3 blocks from Queen St (lots of shops). One block from the Rogers Centre (Blue Jays games) and two blocks from the CN Tower. You are right smack in the middle of the downtown hustle and bustle, don't expect a stunning view of the lake and you will not be disappointed. I really liked the area and will be returning when I come back to Toronto on business.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Craven
<Content>Location, location...but no view I do not think you could find a better location than this in Toronto. Most things are close by both from a business and entertainment point of view. The view from most bedrooms ranges from average to poor but if you do not want to stare out the window it is not a problem. Some roomes at the back are quite overlooked but they have see thru sun blinds on the windows that protect ones modesty!The first room I got was (I think ) #434. This room is smaller than most and right next to the lifts which have the loudest bell tones I have ever heard so avoid if you want a good sleep. I got moved to one further down the corridoor and found it very adequate. There are good working facilities with plenty of light, a comfy bed and a large TV with numerous channels and film options. The bathroom was excelent and there is plenty of hanging space for ones clothes in a seperate area.The public areas are very pleasant in a boutique kind of way. There is a trendy bar with excelent staff and a very adequate dining room. Breakfasts are nothing to write home about but again quite adequate. If you want to find somewhere not too expensive (but top quality) to eat try just around the corner at the cafe/restaurant called Spoon. I stumbled upon it and had a memorable meal.So, if you avoid any rooms near the noisy lift and do not care about views give this place a try. i think you will enjoy it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>njpsufan
<Content>Fantastic Located within walking distance to Rodgers Center, Chinatown, Air Canada Center, Yonge St, you name it. Very clean. Bathroom is out of this world. Heated floors!! Room is neat and clean... not the greatest view.. a parking lot lot, but we did not care. Staff is knowledgable and polite. Would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr_MrsPickyPicky
<Content>Less expensive Luxury I used to live at the Four Seasons Hotel, NY, NY. The bathrooms at the SoHo Metropolitan are so exactly the same that it's a little freaky. ...but this is a good thing!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kugaloo
<Content>Stylish hotel, and close to restaurants and bars.. First time in Toronto and I was a little lost at first. Called the hotel and spoke to Ryan the Concierge who was very helpful and very patient when I called 3 times as I got closer. Doorman immediately met me at front door and parked my car in the hotel. Valet parking was $30 can. and self park was $25 can per night. Very impressed upon first entering the hotel and met with Ryan who showed me my luxury room. Room was amazing but had a so so view of a construction site across the street. I stayed in 417 and maybe you want to inquire as to the view before you book. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The bar downstairs is very cool and worth a drinky before you go out, and when you come back for a nightcap. The bakery also in the lobby serves a wonderful gourmet self serve breakfast/brunch for about 22 can (i think).. The luxury room was $198 can. and in my opinion, well worth the quality and location. If you like to stay in nice, stylish hotel rooms this will not disappoint. Although I was here to party for one night, I was tremendously pleased with the service and overall quality.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding!!!!!! My partner and I were desperate for a place to stay after a horrible night in another hotel the night before. We called the SoHo Met and they were reasonably priced so we moved there. This place exceeded our expectations!!! We stayed in the long term self-contained apartment accommodation side of the hotel (stays of longer than 7 days) and we loved it. The bed and bathroom were out of this world and the room came with internet access and computer (for a small extra charge) We had access to the gym and pool which was also great. This is one of the best places I have ever stayed - would recommend without a second thought!!!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>horns1
<Content>One of the best hotels in North America I stayed in the SoHo from Dec. 24-28 and now have a favorite hotel! Previously I had thought no one could match the service and amenities of a Rosewood Hotel (see Hotel Crescent Court or Mansion on Turtle Creek in Dallas) but the SoHo exceeded their high standards. The property is beautiful and just the right size for a personal feel for each guest, but maintaining the granduer of a special hotel experience. The rooms are very large and the walk in closet configuration should be adopted by more hotels along with the ample bathrooms. Senses is a great restaurant and though a little more than Cora's across the street the breakfast buffet is worth it. Of course the deserts are great and just right for a late night treat! But the best part of the hotel were the peolpe - On Christmas day there were only 18 guest in the hotel, but everything was fully staffed and extra efforts were made to accomadate us on the holiday. From locating a movie theater and show times for us, to enjoyable conversation in the bar - the staff was a true joy. Everyone made the effort to know you on a first name basis and it was not pretencious - but seemed genuine. I cannot say enough - if staying in Toronto, there is no match to the SoHo.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabe05
<Content>Excellent Location This hotel has a great location, unlike the Yorkville hotels where you have to take a cab or subway to get downtown. The Soho is close to Toronto's finest restaurants and hottest night clubs and a short walk to the Theater district which came in handy during Toronto's cold weather. The rooms were breathtaking with curtains that closed with a flick of a switch and heated marble bathroom floors. Staff was help full and showed me how the gadgets in the room worked. The Soho has great package deals during the weekends I would definitely stay here again. I just hope they get rid of the paper coffee cups in the rooom!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wrong neighbourhood, below expectations. This hotel is too upmarket for where it is, it should be located in Yorkville. The rooms are visually appealing, but forget a nice view! The website should really disclose that on the picture of the building, that the above floors are for residential apartments, and low section is where your room wil be, it creates some false hope. Didn't like the service, they had the Abercrombie  Fitch mentality... which is when staff think they are so hot for working somewhere that they act too good to the customer. Stay at the Park Hyatt or the Four Seasons... this place isn't worth the trip downtown.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>varvararodriques
<Content>nice stay at the Soho Met I like the SOHO Met a lot. The room was nice with a great bathroom. Loved the heated floors. As someone else mentioned no plasma TV. Oh well. The bed was very nice. Service was pleasant and I had no problems with my reservation or bill. Location of the hotel is good. We had breakfast at Cora's across the street, great food and MUCH less expensive than at the Senses bakery/cafe. I had expected wireless internet in the room as they advertise with wireless throughout the hotel. This turned out not to be the case. There is wireless in the lobby only and the room has broadband with a ethernet cable. This was a downside because I wanted to be able to be connected at the same time my roommate was. We had two laptops.The good news is that it is free. Overall a good experience.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tersanna
<Content>Nice hotel but........ I am from Toronto and we decided to spend a few days R  R downtown and be pampered.The room at the SOHO was beutiful and the bathroom was very impressive. Room service came in (it seemed) everytime we left our room and cleaned it. But there were a few little things wrong, which for the price supprised me. They said the rooms all had surround sound.. Ours did not. The tv was not plasma.The central controls for the lights did not work.The light bulb in the makeup mirror was out.We were given free tea or coffee, but nothing to drink it out of. On check out, we tried to use the fast checkout on the TV. But It came up with someone elses name.So when we checked out the the front desk, there was a movie on my bill which we could not have rented, as we were out the time it was rented.I don't think I will bother going there again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Hotel - Highly Recommended As someone who travels frequently throughout North America I see my fair share of hotels, some good, others not so good but the SoHo Metropolitan was undoubtedly among the very best.The checkin was swift, friendly and very efficient. The room I was given was superb - enormous and with a private outside terrace with a table and seating for four. The room was very stylishly decorated with unusually good art-work and a plasma TV and DVD. Drapes are controlled electronically by a switch by the bed and the do-not disturb sign is engaged electronically by a button next to the door.The bathroom contined the feel of quality with below floor heating and a massive walk-in shower.The restaurant (the name of which escapes me) was also excellent with quality service if, predictably, on the pricey side.Only gripe was the lack of an ironing board and iron but this is a minor consideration for what was one of the most pleasant hotel experiences I have had in some time. Will undoubtedly stay here again when I next go to Toronto.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Hotel We spent three nights at the SoHo Metropolitan and loved it. It's a stylish hotel in a good a location. The rooms, especially the bathrooms, are wonderful. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>enofile1
<Content>I felt like a rock star except for the lousy housekeeping! This hotel was great in every aspect except for the housekeeping. The room was huge and styled with panache and aplomb. The closets, dresser drawers, and storage in general were copious and well planned out. The bathroom was luxury defined, layered with marble and with excellent lighting. However, the housekeepers continued to forget to clean up our room! We would come back to the hotel at around 4:00 P.M. for our vacation nap, and the room would still be dirty and not cleaned. Thus, we were forced to wait in the lobby or at the bar until the room was cleaned. The restaurant and bar were both great while the service was somewhat aloof and too cool. In addition, I rather be in Yorkville when staying in Toronto. But, that is just a personal experience.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cincioh2002
<Content>We'd stay there again, but you should know...       Main Area  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RB77
<Content>It was ok I stayed at the Soho for a night in April 2005. After a lot of internet research for boutique hotels, I chose this one. The rooms are exactly as shown on the website, very large, spacious, clean and a nice decor. My room was on the second floor, right off of the elevator, which I was not too happy about. Even though the occupancy was low at the time, they did not accomodate my original request to be in a room furthest from the elevators! I did not know that the hotel only has five or six floors, and the rest of the building is private condiminiums. My view was awful (looking on to a public parking lot). The website stated windows that open this was one of my main reasons for booking this hotel, as I am a smoker and like to have a constant flow of fresh air. The window must have opened up about 4-5 inches and that was it! Loved the Molton Brown toiletries! All in all, it was a nice hotel, but I wouldn't particularly stay there again...I rather try out some of the other new boutique hotels in Toronto.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>corgimomDallas
<Content>lovely luxury in Toronto Stayed for one night in early July. Wasn't sure about our choice, but didn't want to stay in a huge chain. This hotel was a delight in most ways. We checked in at 1:30pm. I believe we paid $204 canadian. Parking was overpriced at $22 per day.The small lobby is very chic and a bit overstaffed (three desk clerks, two concierges and two doormen, but everyone was very helpful. Our room was on the second floor, so I expected no view, but was pleasantly surprised. Since the room looked exactly like the photo advertised on TripAdvisor, I won't repeat it, but check out our view of the CN tower (attached).The room was smallish but gorgeous. White fluffy linens (a few more pillows would have been nice). Great artwork, a large TV (that pulled out and swiveled for viewing from the bed) and a few chic extras like push button drapes, dimmable lighting and a do not disturb/housekeeping button. A small minibar with drinks, coffeemaker and munchies came in handy (at a price). There is a market across the street if you don't want to partake of a $3.50 can of Coke. The bathroom is to-die-for. Light oak wooden shelves, a bench and a safe in the dressing area held everything we brought. Fluffy robes and lots of hangars, plus big drawers make it a closet you'd love to have every trip. The bathroom itself is large but not overly so (a separate toilet room would have made it perfect). Marble floor heated on command, and the bathtub is huge. The glass shower is regular size, but with two shower heads. The toiletries were very luxurious. A lighted makeup mirror was a nice touch, but a stool to sit on while applying makeup would have made it easier to use. All in all, a very nice room. Our only disappointment was that the air conditioner would never get quite cool enough, even at it's lowest setting. Perhaps it was the record breaking heatwave outside. The Senses bakery was pretty and very convenient, although everything seemed a bit too over-the-top in presentation and exotic spices. The hotel is just down the street from the Ballpark and the CN Tower, plus only three blocks away from the theater district and the Queen Street Antique area. I have never seen so many young, thin, and beautiful people in one stroll, not even in California. Maybe all the starlets and model wannabees are now living in Toronto. We did have a problem with the smog/air pollution on our visit. We could never see Lake Ontario with any ease due to the haze. The Soho was a gem, though. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>islandlover
<Content>Splendid hotel in a splendid city Room was huge and staff was marvelous. Early check in was requested and was available. Concierge was knowledgable and helpful. Rate was very reasonable for a hotel of this quality--in New York it would have cost three times more; in London it wouldn't even be available! I'd love to go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel I would stay that this hotel is above average for a city hotel. Very friendly and helpful staff. Good points : Bed - very comfortable, free DVD rental and DVD player in room, excellent top quality bathroom with Molten Brown products and underfloor heating, large size room. Quiet. Nice BarBad Points : very dirty windows, location not as good as it could be, view from room poor (large car park or side street). More expensive than some other hotels in Toronto.Overall above average hotel which I would be comfortable recommending.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wints1970
<Content>Exclellent Hotel, Excellent service! This is an absolutely wonderful boutique hotel in a fantastic location. I stayed in a deluxe room and it was superb. Without doubt the largest and most comfortable standard hotel room I have stayed in, with the best amenities. The bathroom was outstanding, especially the heated floor and glass walled shower. The dressing area alone made this worth the price. Thoughtful touches like the electric drapes, electronic do not disturb sign and DVD player put this a cut above most hotels I have visited at this level, especially in the UK where the sort of rate I paid gets you nothing like the standard and individuality experienced at the Soho Met.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I had to wait 40 minutes for my room to be made ready upon my arrival after a transatlantic flight. Normally this would be a negative and annoying, but having been shown the Senses bakery attached to the hotel, spending the waiting time drinking coffee and sampling the delicious chocolate cake was a pleasure. The waiter even made sure to check every so often to see if the room was ready.All said, this will be the only place I'll stay when I'm in Toronto in future. I highly recommed it.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fabulous We checked in to the Soho Metropolitan after a bad night at the Royal York and were very happy that we moved. Great room, location, staff, restaurant. We were just very pleased with the hotel in all respects. The best thing about the hotel is the doorbell that permits you to indicate if you want to be disturbed or not and you WILL NOT hear the dreaded knock at all hours with the voice saying Housekeeping Wonderful!! Very comfy bed and sheets. All in all a great place to stay in Toronto (near convention center if you are there for one)  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! Absolutely Amazing! I planned a trip to TO to celebrate my husband's birthday, and booked the SoHo after much research. This hotel is incredible. We were shown to our room and how to work all of the features (a switch to open and close the curtains, how to turn on the heated floors in the bathroom etc)...this place is wonderful. From the most comfortable bed (gorgeous white linens), to the speaker in the bathroom for music this is by far one of the most beautiful contemporary hotels in Toronto. We had a Deluxe room, so I can only imagine what a Luxury Room or Suite is like. I would definately stay again.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachlover325
<Content>Soho Met not bad but needs some improvements I stayed at the Soho Metropolitan from Feb. 3-6, 2005. While the hotel was certainly beautiful and had many amenities, it would have helped if half the things in our room worked. However, most of these were things we didn't really care about - one light switch didn't work in the bedroom area, the telephone in the bathroom didn't work, and the tub stop was broken. The best thing about our room was the bed - it was the most comfortable bed we'd ever slept in a hotel. I would have stuffed the down comforter in my suitcase if I could have fit it! (ha) The heated bathroom floor was very nice to step out onto after a shower. Our room was cleaned every afternoon and housekeeping wouldn't disturb us before then (we never get up early on vacation). The employee who directed us to our room was kind enough to show us how the features of the room worked and those at the desk were always polite and friendly. I thought the location was pretty good - we were close to restaurants, clubs, and the subway was just a short walk away. We had one drink in the hotel bar which was very strong and very expensive (compared to what we're used too - the bill was over $20 for two martinis) and ordered dessert from room service one evening (also very expensive - over $30 for two). The dessert was good but not $30 good.Overall, the hotel was a nice place to stay, but for the price and the way it presents itself I expected a little more.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cale_white
<Content>Terrible hotel This is a terrible hotel, I have been staying here for just one year and have had so many problems. Problems take months getting fixed! You are better off staying at a different place. This is definetally not a place to stay long term. A few nights you will be fine, but anything longer, I would recommend staying at a more established place.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>... Just doesn't cut it The service wasn't what I was expecting, especially for the price point of their rooms. The decor and ambiance was nice, but it's definitely not in tune with the genuine service level that other hotels offer (i.e. Four Seasons/ Park Hyatt).Also, the rooms are all on low levels of an apartment building with no view... it just didn't cut it! I won't return!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Somewhat disapointed Read many reviews online and did a lot of research on the area and found this hotel to be disapointing after all that I read. Everything in my view, (exlcuding the decor), was just ok. Room design was poor, I really disliked the layout, and nothing amazed me.I must say however the decor is quite lovely.It's maybe just one of the times that someone hipes a movie so much, and you go see it and are sorta let down because you had such high expectations going in... but this place didn't leave me with a lasting impression.I might return, but would likely look elsewhere on my next visit to try something else out.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Starwood Does it Again! Starwood Properties/Preferred Htoels has put together this a fine property and done a great job in Toronto's Entertainment District.We stayed at this wonderful hotel January 16 - 20, 2005. There are plenty of room descriptions in other reviews on this site, so I won't go into much detail. They are truly wonderfully appointed. The Executive Suite was superb. The staff is young, eager and energetic with a lot of smiles to go around.Descreet housekeeping staff is both unobtrusive and top-notch! This staff knows how to clean a hotel room very well. I have a strong dislike for those hotels where the staff knocks loudly on your door at 8am crying housekeeping!. Maybe the electronic Do Not Disturb system tracks which room is ready for cleaning. I don't know, but I do know that it's the kind of service I really enjoy!I'm a little things count kind of guy! This place has done an outstanding job with the little things from decent linens to heated floors to turn down service.Senses Restaurant and Senses Bakery are both very enjoyable and recommended. Try one of the Mango Mousse pastries!I will stay again and recommend to anyone seeking great lodging in Toronto!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful... I stayed at the Soho for one night on February 5th. I had this whole thing planned for a friend's birthday and the concierge at the hotel was more than helpful. I can't thank Franco enough. I dropped off everything to them the morning of and they set it all up in the room for us before we returned from dinner. We had excellent service. I asked for an iron and an ironing board and it was there so quick i could hardly believe it!  I would stay there again in a heratbeat. Granted, it is a bit expensive but worth every last dollar. It's the kind of room in which you can't help but feel romantic and frisky. Well, it didn't work for me ;-) but it can for the rest of y'all!  All in all, an excellent place...the heated floors in the bathroom rock. Make a BIG difference when you have to go pee in the middle of the night :-)  I give it two thumbs up...way up. I thought the service would be bad and the employees snotty but they were all very polite. They let me check in early (11am) and were very very helpful!  Enjoy your stay!!!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing short of amazing This hotel is nothing short of amazing. They personally walked us up to the room and explained how everything worked. Everything in the room works with the touch of a botton even the Do not disturb is a botton right beside the bed. This hotel has the best costumer service we have ever experienced its no wonder why all the celebrities stay here you are treated like rolalty.I called the front desk to inquire where the closest store was the female on the phone asked what I needed and actually ran over to the store for me. The rooms are very modern and look exactly like the photos on the internet site. You must try a pastry from the SENSES bakery thats in the front lobby they are to die for.You will love this hotel .  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service just not there... The hotel is beautiful on the inside, but the service is lacking!For the price of the rooms, you would expect a service standard which is just never met. My wife and I were constantly running into poor, malcontent and forced care. The only exception being the Concierge. She was friendly and provided us with many good recommendations.Looking at the building, you would expect some suites to be on an upper floor, but not so. All the hotel rooms are on the first 3 or 4 floors and the remainder are private residences, so don't hold your breathe for a view!Equally as nice hotels in Toronto who employ friendly, welcoming staff making the Soho substandard on a whole with the city hotel industry.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best! I had an amazing time at the Soho Metropolitan! I arrived after a long journey to discover that I had been upgraded for free to a Luxury Room - what a fantastic surprise! The room was a good size with plenty of features and a luxurious bathroom! I had quite a lot of contact with the staff and found them to be knowledgeable and polite. And they had no problem letting me check out a couple of hours late on my day of departure! The location was excellent - very close to the CN Tower and within walking distance to Queen St and the Eaton Centre. I did not experience any noise problem whatsoever, and my room faced the club area. I would definitely recommend this hotel - it was the best I stayed in during my trip around North America!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-What at the So-Ho Rooms were nicely appointed, my only problem is the staff. They are unfriendly. unaccommadating and unknowledgeable. Id recommend that anyone considering the Soho stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PHCDK
<Content>Best of Toronto Absolutely amazing hotel! We visit Toronto regularly and have stayed at several hotels in the city, but must say that this one beat them by quite a distance. The service was impeccable all the way, room service and valet parking worked efficiently and so did check-in. Another very nice touch was the welcome letter in the room together with a box of chocolate.We loved the room with a large closet, nice interior and artwork, however the highlight was the wonderful bathroom (one of the better bathrooms that I have ever seen in a hotel, only one I have ever been in with heated floors). The view was quite nice of the Skydome and CN Tower, we did not experience any of the noise that other reviews refer to.Breakfast was another very positive experience with loads of baked goods, fresh fruits and omelet, well worth the money.We are already planning our next stay at this hotel  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maggiwun
<Content>Rough start at the Soho We drove to Toronto for a Thanksgiving weekend from our home in Michigan. We had stayed previously at the LeGermain, but found a better rate at the Soho Metropolitan ($239 CA including breakfast and parking). I was immediately impressed by the outside entry, which had an original Dale Chihuly lighted glass ceiling. Check-in was efficient and pleasant. Our corner room across from the elevator was beautifully appointed but really tiny. So tiny, in fact, that I called the front desk immediately to inquire if all the rooms were this small. Reception's response was that I had booked a deluxe room. Huh? What was below deluxe, I wondered to myself. I continued to be polite to her and she said she would send someone up to escort us to a different room.Now this was more like it! The next room was easily three times the size of the first. The king bed faced floor to ceiling windows with a view of restaurants below (Wayne Gretzky's was right across the street, Second City Comedy Club and Leoni's Italian Kitchen right next door). Switches at both sides of the bed controlled the lights and drapes. The windows had shades which allowed you to see out, but no one to see in. There was a modern couch and armoire with TV and DVD. There was what looked to be original modern art on the walls. The dressing area had floor to ceiling hardwood shelves and cabinets to hold clothing and suitcases, complete with a lock safe. Next to that, the bathroom was the real luxury feature of the room. The floors and walls were marble with a deep soaking tub, separate glass shower with multiple shower heads, and heated floor. (I loved that feature). Toiletries were Molton Brown in a heavenly scent. Two bathrobes were provided.Breakfast buffet at the very popular Senses bakery on the main level was pleasant (a $19.95 value). It was obviously a meeting place for many city residents. The made to order eggs, and especially the fresh baked goods were above average. There was a very popular breakfast spot right across the street as well, with a long line that continued until at least noon. The hotel is very centrally located, within an easy walk to both the Convention Center and the Theater District. I would definitely consider another stay at this hotel the next time we are in town.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good place This is the first time in a long time I've walked in to an upscale hotel room and felt I've got great value for money. The plus points have already been well described. The street noise is unavoidable in such a central location, so you may want to ask for a room facing the inside. One or two of these rooms have small outside terraces, nothing special but a nice place to have breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Good, but a few problems We stayed in this hotel last June. As the previous reviews have all stated, the bathrooms are the wow factor -- among the best we've seen. The rooms are generously sized and include a dressing area. As for the motorized drapes . . . frankly, that's not something that would lure me into a hotel, but it's a nice touch.There were a couple of problems, which took this hotel down a notch in my view. First, our room was surprisingly noisy (but, as this is clubland, I guess it wasn't that surprising.) Second, when we checked out, there was no one -- and I mean not a soul -- at the front desk. It was early on a Sunday morning, but that's no reason to keep guests waiting for 10 minutes. Turns out that someone hadn't shown up for work or something. Anyway -- we were underwhelmed. This is a new hotel, so maybe the kinks will soon be worked out. I would certainly give it another try next time I'm in Toronto.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic digs and oh so stylish We had the supreme pleasure of being here for one week in July and loved every moment of it. The hotel shares its space with residential lofts and sits on top of their underground parking garage ($20 CAN for 24 hours with in and out privileges). Checking in was easy and when our bellman brought us to our suite - all we could say was WOW! Firstly, we had a massive bathroom with heated marble floors. There was a glassed-in shower and garden tub. Bathrobes were supplied along with toiletries by Molton Brown. Beside the toilet, a telephone as well as a speaker for the home theatre system in the room so you can take a bath and enjoy news or music or whatever you wished.The mini-bar was not weight sensitive so whatever did not require refrigeration could be removed for future provisions. Directly across the street, there was a little grocery store that stayed open late. Our first night there, I was happy to see The bed was firm yet soft with fat pillows and a big fluffy duvet. On the side of the bed, the controls for the lights and the drapes were on a simple panel. We especially enjoyed the nightly turndown service - bottles of water placed on the night table, some ice in the bucket and a linen placed for your feet when you left the bed, if I have described that adequately.In our room, we also had a large side table and a sofa for reclining or watching telly. There was a desk with free high speed Internet. Our windows looked out to Blue Jays Way with downtown to the left and CN Tower to our right. I think if memory serves, Second City was next to the hotel and Wayne Gretsky's restaurant was across the street as well.The concierge staff was wonderful and suggested one of the best restaurants in Chinatown, also several blocks away. We also scheduled an in-room massage with a fantastic masseuse.Overall, this property was lovely. If we ever find ourselves back in Toronto, we will most definitely stay here but perhaps without a car. After a few days, we realized that we could walk mostly where we needed to go downtown and with their subway system, we might have only required a car for one or two days for day trips to Niagara or whatever.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Mediocre service I just spent two weeks at the SoHo on business in June 鈥?4. It is a beautiful, modern, boutique hotel with 4-star+ amenities including great beds with Frette sheets, free broadband, DVD players, and 2-line cordless phones, and a great gym. The hotel also has a great bar and restaurant 鈥?don鈥檛 leave without trying the banana cream pie. My only complaint is that the service was somewhat poor. The concierge was not knowledgeable about the hot restaurants and night spots and was not overly helpful with making reservations and accommodating business needs. The room could also use a CD player/stereo. It鈥檚 a new hotel, so I鈥檓 sure that they鈥檒l iron out the kinks. I would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JoyWryter
<Content>Toronto Perfection   showReview(2208256, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yankee7403
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(2186816, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Northerngirl1
<Content>Terrific Boutique Hotel - Highly recommended   showReview(2175241, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent service   showReview(1808306, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best hotel in the city!   showReview(1784267, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to be!   showReview(1626919, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Omni   showReview(1433232, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adventures at the Soho Metropolitan   showReview(1273935, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish   showReview(1270694, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偆銉炽伅銇傘倞銇俱仜銈撱亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19171091, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel situ茅 dans le centre des affaires de Toronto   showReview(15569746, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Patita_de_Perro
<Content>Buen hotel   showReview(7987943, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>christianfa
<Content>La meilleure adresse 脿 Toronto   showReview(6082264, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

