<Author>justice_j_usa
<Content>Good but not the level of luxury expected Stayed there on New Year's Eve in a reward room so it was free. Room is on the small side (smaller than most Sheraton standard rooms), but bed was very comfortable and bathroom luxurious. Hotel was built from combining many canal houses thus it felt like a maze navigating the property, but nonetheless fun. Room service is nice but not great. Room was in the middle of the houses so the window opened to nothing but view of the corridor outside. Rooms facing the canal may get much better view. Located close to tram stop and walking distance to Anne Frank Museum. 10 minutes tram ride from Amsterdam Centraal train terminal. 45 mins from airport by train.Would probably not stay here if were to pay for the room. (advertised rate was 380 USD)  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bucsonice
<Content>Satisfactory, but disappointing We booked a three-night stay using Starpoints, arriving December 30, 2008. We arrived around 6 p.m. and had to wait about 5 minutes to check in. I am a Starwood Platinum, and I was informed that no upgrades were available because the hotel was sold out for new years eve. We were assigned a lovely garden room, room 134. The clerk did agree to include breakfast because an upgrade was not available.Later that evening, I checked the hotel's website and saw that the hotel was not sold out. There were Deluxe, Classic, and Executive rooms available for a three-night stay starting December 30. That was something of a disappointment. I cannot imagine that any of those rooms would not have been an upgrade over room 134. It was tiny. We could hear noises in the hallway, from the room above us, and from the heater. Also, the towels were ridiculously low quality for a hotel that is part of Starwood's Luxury Collection.The positives were the exceptionally comfortable bed and the breakfast. The hotel also provides use of a business center free of charge.Overall, our stay was satisfactory. However, that's not good enough for a hotel like the Pulitzer. Next time in Amsterdam, we will stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	1	2	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>debbierich
<Content>Boutique Feel in Charming Hotel       Our room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>flyerdc
<Content>Nothing very five-star Certainly a comfortable hotel and well located. But hardly five star. The grandly named Pulitzer Gym is a tiny, hidden room with a few exercise machines (attached to mostly unworking televisions). The hotel seems to nickel-and-dime everything, including the amenities that are offered to Starwood Preferred Guest Platinum members. An unhelpful front-desk clerk kept insisting -- repeatedly -- that a reservation didn't include breakfast, even though it was noted on the written confirmation. Double-billed for internet use, etc. Room service trays were left in the hallways for hours and hours.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>madtravel78
<Content>1st class location, Basil Fawlty staff The Hotel's location is brilliant, and within walking distance of the rest of the city. The Moroccan door and bar staff likewise were helpful, polite and efficient. Bad news is that the Dutch (and/or European) staff on reception and management were lazy, rude, complacent and could not manage anything without conflict including the printing a bill when checking out. After refusing them a carte blanche on my credit card they remarkably had a working computer and printer, after claiming billing problems. They then tried to pull the same trick on Asian members of my traveling party. When I left, the lobby resembled the port at Rotterdam all morning because someone could not organize somewhere else (e.g. an empty conference room?) to put the luggage of a German coach holiday. Given the attitude of the senior staff, I think they may be getting more English stag parties and elderly coach tourists than those the Starwood group desire.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	-1	1	

<Author>wellensian
<Content>Stunning boutique hotel Excellent location in upmarket canalside area, yet only two minutes from the tram stop, and ten minutes' walk from the Dam. The clever linking of rows of traditional canalside houses into one hotel makes this more like a boutique property than a hotel owned by a multinational.. I can imagine that no two rooms could be the same. Certainly, mine was unique, off a landing with only two rooms, in the attic of one of the houses. Sloping ceiling right to the roof truss, gave the room a dramatic feel, and the fittings lived up to the room; polished oak floor, huge bed, flat screen television and a beautiful bathroom with power and hand showers.The dining area is broken into different rooms so that you are not staring across acres of space, and the buffet breakfast was superb, whether continental, Dutch or hot. (I recommend the Pancakes (crepes) with crispy bacon and mushrooms.)I found that the hotel fully lived up to everything I would expect of a luxury hotel, with the addition of unobtrusive good service, charm and character.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bostonguy505
<Content>laptop stolen by hotel housekeeping from room a member of the hotel housekeeping staff stole my laptop from my room. Obviously I did not have a great stay. The hotel knows who was in my room at the time the laptop was stolen but cannot do anything. It was a sony viao laptop  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>HungryinSavannah
<Content>One of our favorites in the world What can you say? We had nothing to complain about, and only praise for the hotel, from the location, the front staff, our room, the food, the winding corridors and interestingly maze-like nature of the hallways and buildings. I can see how some elderly guests or handicapped guests might have challenges, but this place made my girlfriend and I so happy. The huge brunch on the weekends, with a funky view out the windows of steam rising and people strolling by. I can't wait to go back. Whenever we go back to Amsterdam, we will stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Petercr78
<Content>Disappointing       View from window  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rachilde
<Content>Didn't work out, but they were professional and helpful We had made reservations for this hotel but there were several problems and the place did not fit my needs. To the front desk's credit they very professional and understanding when circumstances forced me to cancel my reservation.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>Metzgermeister
<Content>Great Hotel       Satire painting in the Restaurant  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>npgPhilly
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed at the Pulitzer in Amsterdam for 3 nights from 9/20-23. It was one of the best hotels we've stayed in. Our room was newly renovated and very quiet. The down bedding was so comfortable that it was difficult to get out of bed in the morning. The courtyards are charming, there is beautiful artwork in the common areas, and free coffee in the morning outside the dining room. Internet is free in the business center only. The hotel staff were very accommodating. We did book this through Starwood and used our points for 2 free nights and one night at a reduced rate. The hotel had no problem getting our reservation correct, unlike some other reviews I read on this site. The location is great, 5 minutes from the Anne Frank House, on a beautiful canal, and next to the 9 Streets shopping area. If you are interested in going to the Anne Frank house, get your tickets on the internet before you go and you won't have to wait in line there. The hotel can sell you tickets to the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh museum. We enjoyed a half-day tour to see the windmills in Zaanse Schans and the fishing villages of Volendam  Markham. We used Lindbergh tours and highly recommend them, even though the Pulitzer deals with a different tour company.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>UKgooner
<Content>Is this the same hotel as some of the other reviews? Slightly bemused by the mixed reviews - luckily I didn't check tripadviser before booking. My second visit, and both times I was pleased with the service and the room. I agree with comments about value - some of the rooms can be small for the money, and i did move rooms because of this, but it is a very old building, so the character compensates. The beds are usual starwood quality ie. excellent.Location is ideal - in one of the nicest parts of Amsterdam, and they have their own canal boat for tours. Not a sensation, but I still like it, and I will return.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Escaramujo
<Content>Nice Room, Good location...Tight front desk This hotel is nice. Well located, 1 block from the Ann Frank house, 10 minute walk from Dam Square. My room was cozy, on the small size, but with a fantastic bed and linens, nice bathroom, etc. Front desk at check in and during our stay was unfriendly and tight, The do their work ,but no smiles, nothing to be good or bad. Just there doing their job.Concierge was the same way, with a preset speech and not giving much information. I asked about concerts and a venue I wanted to visit and they had no idea on where it was, or where to find information.Again, it is a nice hotel with nice room. The people we had contact with where just there doing their job and were not interested in relating to us.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Newsy7
<Content>Lovelyhotel  A very clean friendly hotel within about 10 minutes walk of the main square in Amsterdam, tram stops available at the end of the street. On arrival the reception staff were very helpful and were able to provide good local information and maps. Room was light and airy and the bed was probably the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Breakfast was buffet style and the breakfast cost was my only reason why I did not rate this hotel higher. I would recommend this hotel for any visitor who wants to see central Amsterdam and stay in style, I will be staying again however will probably eat at the nearby cafe's and restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stephers84
<Content>Lovely but not as good as i expected       The front of the hotel  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>bolts
<Content>Had a great experience again!       the location is amazing, it's right on the most scenic canals in Amsterdam  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>devious0ne
<Content>Loved IT!!! I stayed in this hotel in July with my family as we where heading to my wedding in Norway. Let me tell you that after a 22 hour flight and 7 hours in layovers, the hotel service and staff is by far above and beyond.Okay Let me start, I arrived at 7:30 in the morning and my room was available immediatly. The room I stayed in was freshly painted and remodeled. The A/C- Well I live in hawaii so fresh air was great.The front desk, bell staff, and the waiter staff, literaly go above and beyond service to see you smile. Saide - the bellman is the man to go to for any questions you might have about dining, drinks, etc. etc. its amsterdam.I would like to give a personal thanks to David (the night time orderly) for making my stay the most memorable, with the 3:00am room service. I think I say this for everyone in my party that we wish we could have sit down and had a few drinks with you, and not in a gay way.The only thing I wanted to address was that the concierge Shawn I think is his name a very tall, slender blonde hair individual in his late 20 or early 30's. He was very rude and a cold individual I noticed through out my stay. The thing about this hotel is that its like a maze, but lined with artwork and as my feet already had blisters from sightseeing everything amsterdam had to offer. The weather started to take a turn for the worst with a cold down pour at 67 F . I asked this gentelman for an umbrella as he had 4 of them behind the desk and told me he didnt have any, and insisted I go to my room to get an umbrella in the closet. Well there is only one and if you have 2 people staying in your room, well i dont think i need to do the math. I pointed this out to him then he insisted he didnt have any left. (But there was 4 of them behind you)Other than that, I still give this hotel a 5 and still want to point out that the staff is very friendly, and helpful, and I will be returning to this hotel in November.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SpicewoodTravelers
<Content>More Like a Run-Down Westin I definitely agree with other reviewers who wrote that the Pulitzer is not up to Luxury Collection standards. We booked our hotel through the Starwood Preferred Guest program and even received one night free with our points. Between the points and a corporate rate, we were only supposed to pay about 800 Euros for a 5 night stay, which seemed very reasonable.When we arrived, we received the same treatment at the front desk as many previous reviewers... They had trouble deciphering the reservations booked by our Starwood agent, they made us wait 5 hours for a room (we arrived at 9:00 a.m., which I imagine is typical for most American travelers since overnight flights are our only option), and they were generally disorganized and not very cordial (though not rude). The front desk clerk finally got it together and told me we had received a complimentary upgrade on some nights to include breakfast (since two of our three reservations included it and one did not).Our room was a spacious (by European standards) canal-front room. It was clean and bright. The bathroom was small (shower/bathtub combo and a single sink), but pretty and did have GREAT water pressure. The air conditioner worked very well, which was on the sometimes-warm August days. The TV was older - no flat panels here. The furniture was nice but shabby - scratched and dented. Being on the canal had its perks, but we could hear people walking by (talking, shouting and laughing) until the wee hours. Ear plugs helped with this problem. There were fairly major renovations on our floor which we were not notified about before arriving or at check in. They were painting the walls outside of our room and replacing all of the carpet while we were there. We heard banging during the day. Most luxury hotels will avoid booking rooms around this sort of renovation - or at the very least warn the guests - but not the Pulitzer. The services and food offered by the hotel are very expensive. Internet was over $20/day, many of the tours offered by the concierge desk topped 200 Euros, and while the breakfast was great, I wouldn't spend the extra 75 Euros a night to include it in the price of my room (seemingly the only differentiator between a regular room and executive). We did spend 38 Euros pp to take a 1.5 hour ride on their lovely canal boat, which would have been great if not for a family with a baby who showed up late with a stroller and displaced other passengers. At check-out, we found out that they had not reconciled our Starwood reservations after all and had been charging us for the free upgrade we received at check-in. We were bring charged an extra 400 Euros for our stay. We were able to negotiate down to just 125 Euros and finally gave up. It was time to go home and leave the Pulitzer behind us!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>rickyxx
<Content>Great breakfast! After 25 visits plus to Amsterdam we were pleased to get a great deal for the Pulitzer which has always been out of the price range I want to pay for a short city break.The room was small for a 5 star hotel but bigger than most I have stayed at in Amsterdam. Bathroom was good size and the bed was massive! Very helpful staff and I have to say the choice at breakfast was superb, a full cooked or continental buffet is available together with breads, pastries, fresh fruit juices, meats and salmon!Only downside is that the courtyard is used as a smoking area by guests because of the new smoking ban so if you are unfortunate you may find people disturbing your sleep in the morning at 6.00 am, they were drinking champagne however which may have contributed to the noise!Overall I would go again at the same price of 拢125 a night, the hotel tarrif listed in the room was 525 euros per night for 2 with breakfast. ouch!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Worcs
<Content>Amsterdam Pulizter Hotel - Great hotel You really feel you are in Amsterdam staying here, standard rooms are not huge but the character of the place makes up for this. Friendly and efficient staff, excellent location 5/10 mins to Dam Square area and 15 min walk in the other direction to the museums and shopping areas. The area around the hotel is definately upmarket, away from the noise and tourists of the more lively areas. I walked everywhere, didn't need to take public transport once. The only negatives I could find - the gym is tiny only 4 or 5 machines and the food is OK not brilliant but overall I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. Good value for money for the price paid.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jandsboston
<Content>they don't know how to say "no" We stayed five nites at the Pulitzer this july--couldn't be better !Fabulous location, wonderful room with top level amenities in every respect, and one of the most pleasantly staffed property we've ever enjoyed. Front desk/concierge/floor staff could not do enough, and always with a smile. Big bucks, and worth every penny.sandjboston, newton, ma.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aandrontheroad
<Content>Delightful! The hotel was delightful, staff very helpful and courteous, and the location fantastic! We wish that we could have stayed longer! We also had a two level room.The hair dryer was in a strange place - attached to the desk drawer, The big problem with that was that the desk was on the 2nd level, accessed by a ladder type stair - very inconvenient. However, I requested a hair dryer and one arrived within minutes, so no problem. Breakfast buffet was very good, and all in all the stay was a lovely experience.Travelers from Columbia,MD  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Copenhagen123
<Content>Mosquito bites everywhere!!! We liked this hotel very much despite a few problems. Front desk staff friendly and helpful. Their business center had 2 computers with free internet access, and there is a 3rd one in the lobby area. There are lots of cozy nooks so if you're looking for a quiet area to be alone and read, talk with a mate, or for an area to play with small kids, this hotel is great for that too. The buffet breakfast was awesome! Location also very good, as previous posts have mentioned. Ten to fifteen minute walk to the Dam, 5 minutes to Ann Frank House (get tickets online or you'll wait FOREVER TO GET IN!!!). We had canal view rooms, and it was spectacular to see boats going by all the time. I have 3 complaints- the air conditioning was substandard, we awoke with dozens of bug bites because we had the window opened during the night one one of our nights, and even when it was closed, they must've still been in our room, and still awoke with dozens of bites the next morning. Thirdly, the bed is too small for two people. The comforter is so thick, it took the place of another person when you put it aside. Asked for a thinner blanket and they responded without issue. The cookies they leave in the room are quite nice, as is the turn town evening service with chocolates. Front desk recommended Long Pura for indonesain rice table meal and it was fantastic. Just around the corner from the hotel on Rosengracht. I can also recommed Amigos, an argentine steak house that was excellent and reasonably priced., also on Rosengracht. Skip the Tulip Museum just up the street from the hotel- waste of time.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Noodles79
<Content>Not a prize-winning hotel... This was my second stay at the Hotel Pulitzer. I mainly chose the property for it's location (I used to live in the neighborhood and absolutely love the area). Unfortunately, my recent trip to Amsterdam followed two stays at true five-star hotels.5 Issues:1. It's overpriced and they charge you for everything. When you request a canal view room, be aware that even if it is available and the hotel is not full, they will still charge you for the view and not even consider a courtesy upgrade.2. The front-desk staff is friendly, but makes a lot of mistakes. They seem to be a little behind on information regarding your reservation (what is the point of calling Starwood to update your credit card info if they aren't going to update the system and you have to do it again with the front desk person?). There was a lot of confusion around what my reservation entailed (breakfast, payment with reward points, people in the room) and I had to correct them about not having breakfast, not paying with reward points, and being the only one in the room. 3. The rooms are in desperate need of renovation. How odd is it to get the same room twice? Well I did, and since staying in it 3 years ago, not a single thing changed. I was surprised to find chipping paint in the bathroom (which is also poorly lit). 4. It's not really all that clean. My first hint that the cleaning staff wasn't up to speed was when they knocked on my door at 11 am and I requested another hour and they rolled their eyes at me. In addition to their attitude, cobwebs and dust were prevalent and the only thing that changed from day to day was a made bed. Turn down service didn't even include a foot mat after my first day and I had to request a room service breakfast menu from reception when they didn't leave one after the first day. 5. It's not really all that luxurious. The bathroom is not grand and fabulous (where's the spacious tub, state of the art shower, flat-screen tv, and comfy chairs that are synonymous with luxury???). The bed is comfy...but that's about it. 3 Positive Aspects:1. The location. You can hear the bells of Westerkerk and the canal location is exquisite. You are inside the centrum, which is key and you can walk everywhere. 2. The concept. Staying in a canal house is an experience and makes the hotel very unique and Dutch.3. Some staff members. The room service staff and bar staff were friendly and professional, not to mention prompt and courteous. Overall, it's not worth the price.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	5	3	

<Author>Lisenboathouse
<Content>Not great considering the advance communication and the price I had communicated 6 months in advance, requesting Canal side room with access to elevator as my travelling partner was my 76 year old mother. Confirmed in email by the hotel for this advance request. Yet, arrived on date planned. Arrived at 11:00 am and requested early check in but no early check in available unless willing to pay for an additional night. Declined early check in. Assured by front desk room would be availlable by 3 pm which is the check in time. Sat and waited 4 hrs, came to desk to get checked in at 3 pm, no canal room available and no other room available at check in time. Promised room would be available as soon as possible. At 4:00 pm again addressed the desk, they then decided to upgrade our room to an executive room and we were escorted. For a 5 star hotel, this behavior is intolerable. I will never stay at this chain again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Seaplus
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We loved the Pulitzer and will stay there whenever our travels take us to Amsterdam. If you are not able to climb a few stairs--don't stay here. That's the summary--here are the details:Check in was flawless and, contrary to some previous postings here, the staff was warm and friendly to us (Americans, traveling with a child). We had booked an executive room, with a rollaway bed for our son. When they saw that my wife walks with a cane, they quickly changed us to a room that had fewer steps so that she would be less challenged by the hotel's layout. They were gracious throughout.On arrival to the room, we were in the attic room of the canal house next to the building in which the lobby is located. We took an elevator to the third floor, and then walked down a hallway which ended in a stairway that went up six steps or down six steps--almost like you had to ascend to the 3.5 floor, or descend to the 2.5 floor. It had a Harry Potter-at-the-train-station feel. The reason for this is that the hotel consists of many townhouses which have been combined into a hotel--no two rooms in the entire hotel are alike, and the reason for the many stairs is that the floor levels in houses that did not originally connect were not at the same level--hence the need to go up or down a few steps while passing from one building to the next. It is rather maze-like, and you do need to be able to go up or down a few steps, possibly several times, in your path between the lobby and your room. It is for this reason that I do not recommend this hotel if you have mobility problems, use a walker or cane or any sort of other assistive device, have difficulty climbing stairs. They probably do have a few rooms exactly on elevator levels, but I personally wouldn't count on it in this hotel--avoid disappointment and book elsewhere.The room itself was great. No closet, but a big freestanding wardrobe in an alcove. Safe was in the wardrobe. Refrigerator with minibar stuff in it. Cable TV. Bed was great. Rollaway was comfortable, but it was tight moving about the room when the rollaway bed was unfolded. Given that we were in the executive room, I venture to guess that it would be VERY tight in a standard room if a rollaway bed were in use--but there are so many rooms in the hotel, I may be wrong in this assumption.Air conditioning was effective and cooled the room nicely. Room was spotless. Bathroom was nice, decorated with Dutch tiles, very pretty. The highest water pressure I've ever had in a hotel shower, and plenty of hot water too.The breakfast buffet, as mentioned by a previous poster, was outstanding and delicious. It is VERY expensive, but was included in our room rate--I believe the price would have been something like 81 Euros total for 2 adults and 1 10-year-child. That's some serious cash! If you have a way to get it included in your room rate, I recommend that you do so.The Prinsengracht (that's the canal that the hotel is located on) neighborhood is very safe to walk around at any hour, there is a tram stop about 2 minute's walk down the Prinsengracht, there is a big grocery store (Albert Hein) 3 minute's walk, the Anne Frank House is less than 5 minute's walk away (on the Prinsengracht as well), and the Hop-On Hop-Off Boat tour stop is on Prinsengracht too, about 3 minutes walk away. There are a ton of good restaurants in the neighborhood including the famous Pancake Bakery (about 5 minutes walk further down Prinsengracht beyond the Anne Frank House), and a nice little restaurant serving great Dutch food about 30 seconds walk from the front door of the Pulitzer--it's called Bij Ons (pronounced Bee-YAWNS). Highly recommended.Amsterdam public transportation is outstanding--I highly recommend that you do NOT rent a car--parking is impossible, gas is a fortune, and between the trams and buses, you can get anywhere. You can buy a strippenkarte (a multi-ride transport pass) at the Albert Hein grocery store, as well as pre-made sandwiches, pre-cut-up apples, oranges, carrots, and all the supplies you might want for a picnic or to take on a train ride if you take a day trip. Speaking of day trips, the tram on the corner can take you directly to the central station in about 10 minutes, where you can then board a train to practically anywhere in the country, or to the airport. If you have only a little luggage, you could take the train from the airport to the central station, and then take the tram to within half a block of the hotel. We took the Connexxion bus from the airport directly to the Pulitzer--you buy the ticket at the airport and it's a LOT cheaper than a taxi; it's an 8-passenger van with possibly a stop or two before your hotel. Americans may recognize the concept if I say Blue Van/ Super ShuttleAll-in-all, except for the stairs which might make moving around the hotel to be physically challenging, I can't think of anything about this hotel that I can criticize, or that might cause me not to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beaverhousen
<Content>Loved the Hotel Pulitzer We checked into the Pulitzer early in the day and I do agree with a previous post that the front line staff come off a little brisk and irritated ( with Americans...I don't know but I did not feel welcomed). We didn't get our room despite informing them we were coming in an hour or two earlier.That being said, I have to say that the Prinsengracht location, the unique canal house feel to the place and the other staff made this such a wonderful stay.The a/c was a little warm-ish but that was because we had a large canal room with a really high ceiling and it we had a few hot days. Coming from Frankfurt though, this was still a big improvement. The weather cooled a little towards the end of our week and it was perfect.A friend had dropped off season tkts to the museums and the front desk lost them. Lisa, the supervisor came through with shining colors. She was efficient and found them. In the meantime, she provided us with museum tkts and did everything to make us very happy. The breakfast buffet was fabulous and the staff was so friendly and helpful. We spent almost a week but by day 3 they recognised us already. The housecleaning staff is excellent. They were kind, helpful, prompt and efficient. We got our fill of the complimentary delicious stroop wafels and water they put in the room everyday.The safe and great location could not be beat. It was nice to stay somewhere where we could walk to lovely shops, wonderful restuarants (Long Pura and Moeder's can't be beat!), nice sights, the canal boats, etc..There is even a dry cleaners round the corner from the hotel too. We never tired of walking. There was always something worth seeing over the bridge or around the corner. The location is very central and is only 10 mins by cab to the train station, 20 mins to Arlanda Airport.Despite a few hiccups, I'd definitely stay here again, would recommend it to friends and the Trip Advisor community.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	1	5	4	

<Author>CaliforniaTripster
<Content>A Great Choice The Hotel Pulitzer is extremely well located in central Amsterdam. All the sights may be reached on foot or an easy trolley ride away. Robert, the Concierge, was extremely helpful. He made great recommendations for dinner and for sightseeing. Definitely ask for Robert! The room was quite charming (although small and cozy). The breakfast buffet was ample and delicious. Robert recommended what turned out to be our favorite restaurant -- Blomgracht (opposite the Anne Frank house). It was one of the best meals we had in Europe. Very fresh ingredients, right size portions, good use of herbs, great wine selection, fair prices, smart casual atmosphere. Robert also recommended an excursion to Zansee Shans 鈥?a little windmill village a train ride out of town. It was a great outing. We did not go to the Keukenhof because it was at the end of the season and we were very happy not to have done so. Others who went were very, very disappointed. We were turned off by the politizing commentary at the Anne Frank house -- comparing the U.S. Patriot Act to Nazi Germany. So if that sort of thing turns you off, save the Euros and don't waste time waiting in line.We would return to the Pulitzer. It is a lovely hotel made more lovely by the accommodating staff. Happy trails!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angrysamoan
<Content>if it wasn't free, i would never have been there. So, we used starwood points, otherwise we would never have been able to afford to stay at the Pulitzer. The front line staff exhibit a disdain for American tourists. The cleaning and restaurant staff though are excellent.I would not have paid money to stay here. Plus, I don't think I could afford the rates. The airconditioning did not work and when we called the front desk at 2am, we were told that many rooms' air con were not working. We could not change rooms until the following day. The concierge and the valet all seemed to give us wrong information at some point. They were lazy and did not want to check and validate their information. The business center internet is free. So, they don't completely nickel and dime you.The breakfast is amazing, I seriously can't get over how amazing it is. I have never seen something so tasteful. They really know how to do that right.The rooms were blah. The decorating was bland. At least the art work wasn't tacky prints. The beds were comfortable.The art in the gallery near the lobby was tacky.No pool, spa or anything of the like.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>josensd
<Content>Not really a five star, not really luxurious By no means this is a five starr hotel, although the price says it is. Not in service, not it ammenities or facility.The bed was comfortable, there is a bose wave radio in the room, but other than that, nothing else was out of the ordinary. Be prepared to pay extra for anything else. THere is wirless internet in the room, but pay extra 20 euros a day or 5 euros for an hour. There is room service, but you have to pay extra for it. Briging ice to the room is considered room service if you want to buy anything from the minibar. The location is very nice though. Away from the noise and very safe and clean area of the city and at a walking distance to all the important sites.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>phalex
<Content>Not what we expected, but nice       The Lobby  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>ElJayBee
<Content>Lovely and Way Out of Our Price Range Mr. ElJayBee and I enjoyed a wonderful 3-night stay at the Pulitzer in early May. If it wasn't free on Starwood points, we never would have been able to afford it, as the rack rate for the room was about $750/night. We had room 105, a 2-story suite with just about every amenity you can imagine and a canal view. The bed was heavenly. The location was perfect, just a few blocks from the Anne Frank House and within walking distance to everything we needed. The service at the Pulitzer is top-notch. The breakfast buffet (included for free with our executive room) was nicely laid out with an assortment of breads, rolls, sweet breads, waffles, pancakes, eggs, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes, cold meats, cereals, fruit and more. It's about 27euro/pp though, so if on a budget (well...you wouldn't be staying at the Pulitzer!), take a left out the front door of the hotel and walk to the corner, where a cute little cafe serves breakfast all day for about 5euro/pp.My only complaint with our room, and it was actually part of its charm as well, was having to navigate a steep staircase to get from the bed to the bathroom in the middle of the night. That, and the bathroom light may have been on some sort of timer or motion-detector thing because twice, in the middle of a shower, the lights in the bath turned off completely!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>voyageur69
<Content>Worst Ever!!! So on first impression, all looked ok. Room wasn't ready upon check in but that is normal for me. The front desk girl, Alexis, was not too friendly and rather negative. Then the room came...A search to the rear of the hotel for the elevator. Upon entering the room, the stale air stench was overpowering. The room was old and the price was 400 euros. Starwood should be embarrassed. This is one of the hotels I have EVER stayed at. The room was old and worn. There were small flies in the room. It was very weathered. So I checked out and didn't even spend 15 minutes in the room. They showed me another room but it was just as bad and not clean yet. So I moved to the Amstel Hotel, a true 5 star!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Whippetmom3
<Content>Great service at Starwood's Hotel Pulitzer in Amsterdam Spent the weekend at the Hotel Pulitzer. The rooms were excellent and I loved the historical aspect of the hotel.. constructed by taking lots of canal facing historical homes in Amsterdam and stringing them together with lovely atriums and gardens. Fantastic concierge services and all the help was very friendly. Everything was very clean.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willfchicago
<Content>Not 5 Star: Starwood should drop this property in short, this is an OK 3 or 4 star hotel. but falls short in multiple areas from justifying a 5 star rating or pricingi have stayed at the pulitzer on account of my starwood platinum status approx 10 times and with that range of experiences here is what to expectGood:Location and concept (row houses around two canals)Beds and comfort amenitiesFlexibility about early checking inNot so good:Whole place feels run down and under-maintainedService is mostly fine (nothing special) but significant gaps exist, especially in room servicePoor/badRoom assignment is totally random and they do not take care of repeat guests or remember preferences (despite being asked)Food quality if very variable and I got food poisoning onceService attitude and personal attention feels like it slips a bit more with every check in.Have complained to Starwood about all this, however they seem powerless to do anything substantial.Basically this hotel should not be in their luxury collection and travelers should avoid it if they are looking for an upmarket hotel in Amsterdam.  The Hilton is much better service (though less well located) and the Amstel is very good but very old fashioned  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vicki1812
<Content>Great location but not 5 star Stayed here for 3 nights in May 08, in an executive canal room. Good stuffThe location is the best in Amsterdam, away from the noise and sometimes seedy side of Amsterdam. The hotel is situated on a quiet picture postcard canal and our room (282d) had lovely views of the canal on the 'back entrance' and the houses with big tall windows and was light and sunny - worth staying here for location alone - only the Dylan would compare if you want quiet and upmarket residential area.Staff were friendly and most were helpful Great restaurants and bars nearby - would recommend the Koh i Noor indian around the corner - book in advance as it is small and well used by locals.Bed was superb - very comfortable, excellent linens and choice of pillows.Room very clean and housekeeping did provide turndown service etcLots of hot water, marble bathroom good shower  tub and plenty of toiletries refreshed daily. Towels soft and plentifulDid the hotel boat trip - went for 11am sunday which was quiet and wonderful and much better than the big tour water buses - worth the extraFood at b/fast was excellent although it did get very busyBar was excellent although pricey, service very good.Free internet access and printing in the business centre - ideal for online check inconceirge helpfulDisappointingWhilst we had a good stay the hotel did not live up to 5 star expectations. The room was very small by luxury standards and the bathroom very very small - also it just did not seem like a 5 star hotel - great location but lacking in finess and service. The room was dated and showing signs of wear and tear - and this was very true of the whole hotel - lots of scuffed walls and dated carpets and the reception needs remodelling - we did ask to change rooms to something larger and more 'luxurious' but were told that ours was one of the best executive rooms - and we were shocked! As the hotel was full then no upgrades were availableDue to the lack of soundproofing noise travels and we had noisy neighbours next door and above us which impacted on sleep.Our trip was a special occasion and we had booked champagne and flowers - neither of which were there on arrival and had to be chased - eventually delivered the next day - and the champagne was only a half bottle which was very mean - however the booking option does not say a full bottle but for the difference in price I had assumed it would be! Due to the hotel being full, which it seems to be every weekend, and offers on for cheaper b/fasts before 9am then the best time seems to be about 9.45 am - peak time is 11am, and b/fast is served until 1pm on the weekends. Food was very good and plentiful (with freshly squeezed OJ) but the service struggled to keep up on saturday and sunday morning - monday was much better for service as a whole and I guess that during the week is much better and quietier. However they do have great coffee and lots of choices on the buffet.Overall a reasonable stay, not 5 star (perhaps somewhere between 4-4.5) but the location and the bed/linens would mean that we would re visit - but would book well in advance to get the best rate - if you wait the rate only goes up! We left it too late and paid too much for what we got. If you were getting this hotel 'free' with points it would be a bargin espiecally if you could get a canal view room - however if booking again I would state a room on a high floor as the canal can be noisy at weekends with the locals taking to their boats.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>JPinZRH
<Content>Disgusting Everything with this stay was not luxurious.Room was small and cramped even though I had been 'upgraded' as a Starwood Platinum member. Food was sub-par and overpriced. Room service was never delivered. Bath amenities cheap and flourescent lighting in the hallways!!!!!Staff didn't answer phone calls. Service was non-existent. If you have high standards and expectations, don't settle for this property stay at the Dylan.Truly a foul and overpriced experience. Never again.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>polija
<Content>Great stay at the Hotel Pulitzer This was my second stay at the Hotel Pulitzer and I just love this hotel. It is in a great location with easy access to many of the tourist sites. The front desk staff were helpful and courteous when we checked in. We paid using Starwood points and did not find this to be an issue at all. The concierge staff at the hotel is wonderful. They helped us with planning a day trip to the Keukenhof Gardens -- which is amazing and definitely a 'must see'. They recommended two great restauarnts within a short walking distance from the hotel (Bloem and Proeverij 274). Both of these restaurants were fantastic. And we also did one of the guided bike tours organized through the concierge. This was a great experience as well -- the guide was knowledgeable and we truly enjoyed our time with him. During our stay at the Pulitzer we took the boat ride offered by the hotel and that was a nice excursion as well. The bar in the hotel is great and is a nice spot to relax after a day of sightseeing. We also had the breakfast buffet which is a little expensive for 27 euros a person but the convenience can't be beat. The quality of the food is good and the staff were very pleasant. I would highly recommend this hotel and will be staying there every time I travel to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ohmyGOSH
<Content>Notr quite the Starwood Luxury I expected I travel to Amsterdam frequently for business and have stayed at the Pulitzer several times in Fall 2007 and Winter 2008. It is very well located and impressive on arrival but it is not the 5 star experience I have had at other Starwood hotels. While it is quaint to be in an assembly of historic town houses, the up and downs it takes to get to one's room gets old. The rooms are ok. While there are desks it is a very dark to try to actually do some work. And the price for internet is absurb. The bed is the same great Westin bed that keeps us business travelers loyal to Starwood. The baths have been so-so. The neighborhood is really very nice and one of the reasons to stay at this hotel. However, I have now located another hotel nearby that is about half the price but with even more charm.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pitch26
<Content>A real Gem       Pulitzer private boat tour  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wineglobelovers
<Content>We loved it. We stayed on points and because of Platinum status and availability we were upgraded to a two-story loft overlooking the canal in the front of the hotel. The service was great, the location was perfect, and we loved every minute of it. There are a few scuffs here and there and if you look closely there are signs of wear and tear, but the overall experience was great. Would recommend to others, but understand that the experience may be dependent upon room choice/rate.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tubster
<Content>Exceptionally comfy bed!! Arrived too early for check-in ( 9a.m) but wanted to leave our bag with the hotel so that we could go exploring. The very helpful front desk lady said that was no problem and our room would be ready in an hour !  Our room overlooked an internal garden, not the canal, but as we were only there for one night it was not an issue. Bathroom was quite small, but very good shower, plenty of toiletries and towels, and two bathrobes.  Highlight of the room was the bed. It was like being swallowed by a huge marshmallow! Very, very comfy with good linens. When we arrived back around 10.30p.m the bed has been turned down, the radio was playing quietly, slippers placed by the side of the bed and chocolates had been left. It's always nice when someone else does that for you!  The hotel runs a boat tour with its own private boat that leaves from in front of the hotel. The boat is almost 100 years old and has been superbly restored with woods, brass and stained glass.The tour leaves at 5p.m and we arrived back around 6.25p.m. It was worth staying at the Pulitzer for this reason alone.As the boat is smaller than the larger tour boats, you can go different places and if you see something of interest, the captain is happy to stop and descibe things to you.Excellent tour.  After check-out the next morning, the hotel was happy to have our bags until we left for the airport, and when we arrived to collect them, the porter remembered our name.  Couldn't fault any of the staff we met, all very friendly and helpful.Room was clean, bar service excellent, hotel in great location ( far enough from the madness of Dam Square, near enough to walk). We had a great , if short, stay.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>frankfile
<Content>walking up stairs in a five star hotel This hotel meets my definition of a five star hotel and obviously doesn't meet the standards of some other reviewers.First of all, the Pulitzer Hotel has a great location. Its front door and its rear door are each on beautiful canals. The hotel is a collection of 25 old and well maintained 17th century , ~ 5 story townhouses that are intricately connected (a maze). Elevators are there but we had an upgraded, canal view executive room (top floor with cathedral ceiling) that needed 15 attic type stairs to access! The room was a good size with marble bath and tv, but to be picky, the two single beds were lousy.Transportation (Trams 13 and 17) and a Connection bus are a half block away.Tour (Key Tour) buses are a brisk 10 minute walk away.Nearby sights include the Anne Frank house and a canal boat stop for cruising and hop-on/off cruising options.The fact that our 5 night stay was essentially free (on award points) certainly made a big difference - I wouldn't/can't pay 369 euros per night for a late March, 2008, 5-night vacation!!!Drinks in their bar were 12 euros each - ouch! - with restaurant prices to match.Fortunately, there's lots of neighborhood restaurants and cafes with excellent food offerings for breakfast, lunch and dinner - some however have odd business days/hours.There is a large Catholic church and a large Protestant church in the area.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Holiday_Hunter123
<Content>Overpriced and overrated - not a five star hotel We stayed at this hotel in March 2008 and were extremely disappointed with the accommodation and service, particularly since the room rate was 拢200 per night.Our room was on the top floor, and felt like an attic room with only a small window (overlooking the back of some houses) to let in any light. While the room was clean, its facilities were disappointing and tired. In particular, there were no tea / coffee making facilities, and no drawers for clothes, aside from a small chest inside the wardrobe. The king bed was extremely comfortable though, and had a thick feather duvet.The worst experience of the hotel was at breakfast - at weekends the Pulitzer advertises Amsterdam's longest breakfast until 1pm - although there are barely any staff around and the buffet was absolutely decimated by 10.30am - there was no orange juice, scrambled eggs or croissants and despite us and other guests requesting these numerous times from the staff and being told that they were coming, we had to wait 50 minutes to get some croissants served to our table, and even then the buffet wasn't replenished. Add to this the unwiped table that we were sat at one day and the dirty glass the next, breakfast was an absolute shambles (and certainly not worth the 鈧?7 price tag). The same cannot be said for the trendy Pulitzers bar - the service, drinks and food were impeccable (although at 鈧?4.50 for a cocktail, still a little steep), and the ambience was that of a modern bar with a brown cafe feel, with comfortable sofas and leather chairs. Service in the bar was exceptional.All in all, I would recommend a drink at the bar, but for the standard room price tag, our room did not overlook the canal, was dingy and old-fashioned, and the service was certainly way below that of a five star hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>pixel79
<Content>Quirky but certainly noteworthy This hotel is actually quite a quirky one. It consists of a number of former houses all converted into one grand hotel. As a result the place is a bit of a labyrinth and easy to get lost.The staff at the front desk, although rather slow to serve, were very friendly and extremely obliging - I was very impressed.The room itself is a good size, quite well equipped (though not perfect) and the big plus is wi-fi access in the room. The hotel have really hit the mark with the way they've implemented it. Firstly it was very reliable and just works from the moment you connected to it. Secondly, unlike most hotels, it was reasonably priced at 鈧? for an hour or 鈧?9 for a full day. I've paid up to 鈧?5 for an hour of internet access in a business hotel before so this was great.Breakfast is superb - a great spread and once again very friendly staff.All things considered I think this is my new favourite hotel in Amsterdam. Well done to the staff. Whilst I don't plan to go back to Amsterdam anytime soon, if I did then I'd certainly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LordBenford
<Content>Lost its flair What a shame, having stayed at the Pulitzer for 9 years, I have to admit that the standards and service has lost its pizzazz.We stayed over the first weekend of March and I regret that this will be our last stay at this once 5 star hotel. We have had many a happy stay, but I have seen a gradual deterioration in the standards over the past 9 years. I understand that over a period of 9 years I can not expect the accommodation to not show wear and tear, however that would be acceptable if the efforts on general house keeping where maintained.Our first room was a lovely room with a canal view, unfortunately the only opening window opened onto a blank wall, due to a storm we then changed room as water was coming through the window. During our first night we never received our turndown service and started the following day with damp towels.Our second room was larger but did not look like it had been used for a little while, the surfaces were dusty, and the toilet had a mould stain from lack of cleaning. There was only 1 dressing gown which was old and torn.Its such a shame that this once 5star hotel is now really only of a standard of a 3star. I hope that the Luxury Collection will be addressing this hotel as a matter of urgency, and polish their service to when we first visited. Beware this hotel is now overpriced dirty and not giving a 5star service. There are many 4 star hotels in central Amsterdam that would offer you better value for money and we will be trying new hotels on our next visit. 9 years and at least 3 visits per year will cost this hotel and I am sure others will be doing the same. Come on Pulitzer MAKE THE EFFORT!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Local-Beer
<Content>The Story Behind the Gables These old merchant houses that have been combined over the years to creat and recreat this Hotel make for wonderful reading ijn the Hotel brochure, be sure to do this. Arrival from the train station was quick and the welcome mat was out the minute I stepped out of the car. The doorman greated me and once I gave my name, remember it the rest of my stay. The front office was very courtious and the ladies are very pretty and polite. I had a package sent to the Hotel, it was waitng at reception with my check-in folio. The room assignment was quick and the room was beautiful and unusually spacious for Europe. Plenty of towels and very clean. This location is just a block from the Ann Frank House and in the neighboorhoods, so walking is a must to explore and appreciate the archectecture of the Old World. I had wanted to see the Heinekin Brewery but alas it was closed for renovation. So the Concierge sent me to the Bols Liquor on this Tuesday. Well, my one complaint, Bols is closed on Tuesday. But a great walk and I found a nice sandwich shop and a cold beer during my trek. One thing I do not normally do is take Hotel tours but the Hotel has it's own boat for a nightly canal tour with on board coctails and the Captian narrates the trip. This is worth every euro and I would not hesitate to take it again, especially if romance were in the cards. On my day of departure the Hotel had transport ready for us and we were whisked reluctantly to the airport. If you are on a tight budget this may not be the place but I found it worth more that The Grand Amsterdam, currently a Sofitel, which has previosly been my Hotel of choice in Amsterdam. Stay here and get out and expore this beautiful city and meet the people. Remember take the small glass for beer after foamed and scraped. Have a great stay.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nano80
<Content>Total disappointment... The room was small and dusty. There is nothing luxurous int this 5 star hotel. It deserves 3 stars, no more. The area is nice though. Nothing is for free (not even Internet that is very expensive...) When you ask for a taxi, the hotel charge on top of the bill 10 euros. They tried to charge me an extra breakfast. Anyway, don't go there for nice holidays.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>BlancheParis
<Content>Worst value in Amsterdam This hotel was just a great disappointment.The first room we had had an average view on a small courtyard but it had two beds and we wanted a double bed so we asked to change. The second room had indeed a double bed, but it has a only a very small window facing a wall!Both rooms were small, dark, with average decoration and furniture.The decoration of the common areas does not match the standing of the hotel either, except for the bar and the restaurant, which are nice. However, they are on the other side of the buidings, and, in order to get there, you must take a long and gloomy corridor, with no decoration, which looks like you are in a basic motel.We used the room service for dinner the first night because we arrived late, and we also took breakfast in our room. The food was also very disappointing for an hotel which is supposed to be first class.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>linbay
<Content>Great bed, but room can use a little dusting       Hallway  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>emceeManchester
<Content>Good..... but not quite luxury The hotel is good in many ways, it's just that I can't rave about it. The location is great, the staff were all polite  attentive, the bed ( sheets) were fabulous (reminded me of my previous trip to the Westin in New York), the breakfast was wide-ranging  plentiful. It's probably the room itself that lets down the hotel. It was quaint but also a little tired. Exposed beams add the quirkiness but the dust sat on top is a bit of a letdown. The bathroom was clumsily designed in the corner of the room  the crack in the basin  mouldy grout in the bath/shower should be attended to. One man's luxury is another man's okay. My previous stay at the Urban in Madrid is poles apart from this property. That was modern, chic  new. This hotel is quaint  quirky. It's good but not luxurious. For the money you could probably find comparable accommodation elsewhere in the city.What I would recommend is the canal trip with the hotel's own small boat. It's pricier than the standard tour boats but you travel on a 100 year old (refurbished) boat, with excellent  informative information from the skipper, with alcoholic drinks whenever you wish, a must for seeing some of the canals the larger boats cannot access.Also check out the bar. The staff are friendly  gave me a good recommend for a local Indonesian restaurant, Long Pura.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>ritzB8
<Content>Don't expect grandiose       Painting at the hotel restaurant  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Lighttraveller1
<Content>A Luxury Hotel This would have to be one of the Starwood Hotels better Hotels. I booked this hotel through the hotel website and found it to be the cheapest prices.The hotel is made up of several former townhouses, however there is one drawback and that it is a maze to try and find your room. But if you remain a little patient and focus on how the bell boy took you there you should have no problem locating your room next time you go out.The service at this hotel was impeccable, there was no request or general query too hard for the staff and everyone made me and my wife feel very welcome and comfortable. The location is great right near the 9 streets (great shopping location) and just a couple hundred meters from the Anne Frank museum. I must warn that the bed are a little too comfortable and if you have a bad back you may need to ask for a board under the bed. We had to order one because of my wife's back problems, but this request was attended to immediately and didn't for one second take away the overall total enjoyable experience at the Pulitzer.The buffet breakfast was fresh and very tasty and the freindliness of the staff made this stay very enjoyable.I would suggest that you get a taxi or shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel. The cost isn't too much about 15 euro per person.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lobco
<Content>Very Elegant I stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer in the beginning of January. Rooms were european sized but the room was very well kept and very clean. Nice bath amenities. Nice sheets and linen.Room Service Food was good. Staff was very helpful. Pulitizer is right on the Pritzgracht canal and has an excellent location. It is quiet and safe in a residential area. On thing I liked was just a block away was an Albert Heijn grocery store for picking up an odd room snack or soda so you don't have to pay $5.00 from the mini bar. The tram stopped here as well, making it easy to get around town  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccgworldtraveler
<Content>Great on the Outside - Beware the Inside Stayed here recently for 3 nights. Beautiful hotel on the outside. They have combined about 25 historic old buildings together to form a sprawling hotel with courtyards and gardens at the center. I am a Starwood Platinum member and checked in assuming I would be given my upgrade to the best available room (this wording according to policies by Starwood). I had reserved a Deluxe room. They said they were upgrading me to an Executive Room because of my status. The room didnt appear to be any different than the room i had booked. Because these are old historic buildings, they are typically small rooms. I understand that, but when Starwood says you will be upgraded to the best available room and the hotel is not full, and it has junior suites available that are much bigger, and you have been given a small interior room with no real view, you begin to wonder. I stayed one night because I was jet lagged. But i called the duty manager the next night and asked for a larger room. At first he fed me some story about small rooms. I insisted and was about to call Starwood in the US (that usually works, by the way) and he said he would give me the junior suite. The manager acted like he was doing me a favor. But the back of my platinum card actually spells out the policies. They tried to just give me an upgrade to the next class of room, not the best class. BEWARE - if you are entitled to it and you dont make progress with the local manager, call Starwood Preferred Guest in the US. Other things to note: PROS: 2 free stroopfwaffles each day; GREAT BEDS! (some of the most comfortable i have slept in); good assortment of toiletries; plenty of electrical outlets (pet peeve when they dont have enough); helpful concierge; fashionable and good restaurant; GREAT location for walking to everything; BEAUTIFUL views on that canal, said to be one of the best in the city.CONS (in addition to feedback shown above): expensive wi-fi service (19 euros for 24 hours); mold/mildew in the shower areas (in both rooms i saw); repeated requests for extra towels went ignored; not very helpful valet.Other things to know: the large revolving front door is locked after midnight at some point - you need to press the green lighted button on the bellstand which then rings the night manager inside to let you in; the cafe off the main lobby is expensive for coffee - plenty of local nice places on the 9 Streets which are literally on the next block down; concierge desk has plenty of umbrellas at their desk if you need to borrow one; lighting inside the rooms seemed a bit sparse if you like it bright; you cannot put anything in most of the room refrigerators because they are the automated mini bars where if you take anythign out it bills you -- the junior suite had a small regular refrigerator though; they have plenty of papers to choose from; some bathrooms seemed to have heated marble floors - nice on a cold morning.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>The_Chancellor
<Content>Good hotel, excellent location Stayed here for a few nights in January. It is an excellent hotel in a very smart part of Amsterdam, between the city centre and the Jordaan on Prinsengracht.  The rooms are very comfortable and well-equipped, if slightly smaller than one might expect, with particularly comfortable beds and a BOSE CD player which is a nice touch. You also get a good range of international TV channels. I did notice a sign that the rack rate for our room was 鈧?75/ night, we paid a fraction of that and I suspect if you had paid that you might have been disappointed.Because the house is a series of canal houses knocked together, there are some warren-like passageways particularly from the main entrance to the bar and restaurant. We didn't eat in the hotel as we had reservations elsewhere and the breakfast seemed a bit overpriced and large. Americans who seem to make up a large proportion of the clientele. There are some excellent cafes and shops within 2 minutes' walk where you can get something closer to a typical Dutch breakfast and which is well worth trying out.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Woo4uk
<Content>Excellent Hotel My fiance and I stayed three nights at the Pulitzer in January this year. It was very enjoyable. The hotel is located on the canal front in a charming area close to the 9 streets and is well located for all of the attractions of central Amsterdam. Within easy walk of the hotel are numerous boutiques, cafes, bars and restaurants. In Particular, the cafe on the corner if you turn left coming out of the hotel is excellent for breakfast (I recommend the bacon and cheese omelette!) but if you are there on a Sunday, have a backup in mind as this place is closed. The hotel staff are friendly, helpful and very effecient. The room we had was spacious for a city centre hotel, clean and very comfortable. I had booked online via Expedia and paid in full however, the hotel then charged 5% city tax per night. This is standard in Amsterdam and worth bearing in mind. The city itself, is great. Really friendly and laid back. The famous Red Light area is tacky and a bit seedy. The same can be said of the English breakfast  joints of Damsrak but the canal area Jordaan (near the hotel) is charming. The Netherlands is not really known for its food but we ate well in the Fiyf Fliegan (five flies) and Tempo Doelo (an brilliant Indonesian). If you are interested in Coffee Shops I would steer clear of the thoroughly awful Bulldog and try somewhere like the Grasshopper instead. Beer drinkers will love In De Wildeman Bar (Kokstrat 3?) which has 16 or 17 beers on tap and a menu of bottled beers extending to several pages!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sdcruiser
<Content>Wrongfully Charged for Room cancelled We had made a very early fully refundable reservation to stay at the Hotel Pulitzer through a travel agent but had the travel agent cancel the reservation a couple of months before our arrival date because we had a found a better deal. Though our travel agent promptly cancelled the reservation, the Pulitzer still charged us and refused to credit us despite the fact that they could provide no documentation to explain their position . It was not until months later that the credit card company resolved the matter in our favor. I am shocked at the way this matter was mishandled by the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marin079
<Content>perfect expirience i have just returned from amsterdam and i would like to recomend hotel pulitzer to all people going to amsterdam.location is great in center near dam square-5 min walking.service is also on high level with some tiny problems but i have never seen actually perfect service becouse service provide people and not robots.i was very satisfied with food also and bar is very nice.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seattlemufc
<Content>great location! great seervice! would reccomend! loved the location. a bit expensive and I'm glad i only had to pay $90 a night plus starwood points. minutes walk away from the Anne Frank house and dam square. nice restaurant. they have their own canal boat although didn't use it as i thought the ride was a bit expensive. I recommend a canal view room. would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobbertS
<Content>Perfect hotel and location! *I stayed 2 times in this hotel in a Royal Suite the last months and it is in 1 word GREAT!!*It is in the middle of the city centre, next to the shopping, main attractions.*The rooms are absolutely excellent, spacious and clean! *The staff is helpfull as they can be! When they charged me accidentally for my breakfast, the reception took it of my bill immediately!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kebpitt7
<Content>Very Nice Stay Pros:Wonderful room, fantastic bed and bedding, very clean, bright and beautiful interiorCons:I booked the hotel 3+ months in advance. As a Platinum Starwood member, I am to be upgraded if the rooms are available. Upon check-in, I was told there were no upgrades available. I later learned this was not the case. All in all, still a great hotel. However, this is not a 5-star (especially in terms of service) along the lines of a Ritz or Four Seasons.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gammydodger
<Content>Wonderful room Hotel was well located about 1/4 mile from the Anne Frank house. All the central areas of Amsterdam were walkable. The staff in reception were polite and efficient however our room was not ready when we arrived at 2pm which was a little disappointing.The hotel is a row of houses on the canal and is a little maze like to get to our room, but the room was gorgeous, we had an attic room with exposed beams. The bedding was sumptuous and the bathroom was great.Ordered room service one evening and that was excellent too. There are very good bars and restaurants on the same street as the hotel itself.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kellycares
<Content>Not Five Star We stayed at the Pulitzer for 5 days and found the hotel to be quite over-rated. We had an executive room for 3, but it was so small with a cot that we could not walk in the room. Also, the AC did not work in the room, the bathroom had mold on the edges of the tub and it was in desperate need of renovation. On the other hand, the people working there were delightful and the breakfast was good.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	1	5	4	4	

<Author>Nan_22
<Content>A beautiful hotel This hotel is the renovation of old traditional houses; that is the characteristic that makes it unique. Outside it looks like the rest picturesque neighborhood, but inside it combines this traditional feature with a modern art gallery. Our room was an executive room with canal view, which was really very romantic, especially in the night, and it was large for an Amsterdam's hotel. The service was excellent and the people were really helpful. When we arrived our room was not ready and we have to wait for about half an hour, but due to that, they offer us drinks at the bar (very atmospheric bar) at that time and on another occasion, a small gift from the hotel, bath cosmetics and many apologies. The concierge was very helpful with the booking of good restaurants.The hotel is located in a very nice quiet area which is close to the city center, abt 10minutes on foot. I think the location is much better than staying in the city center where there is a lot of noise and traffic. It is also next to Anna Frank's museum and the canal boat's station.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mozza47
<Content>Outstanding Hotel in heart of Amsterdam The Sheraton Luxury Collection Pulitzer is a block full of old city houses connected together to form an eclectic mix of rooms. It's a bit of a rabbit-warren; and easy to get lost. But there's always impeccably presented staff present to escort you up and down sets of stairs, around corridors to your 'lost' room!It is on a canal, a couple of hundred metres from 'Anne Frank House' and easy walking distance of everything in central Amsterdam. Car-parking by the valet was offsite, and required 15 minutes notice, but on the couple of ocassions we called for our car, it was always waiting at the door. Be sure to rent a very small car if you must have one here ;-}. One of our best city hotel experiences in Europe.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>traveljack1
<Content>Classic Luxury Should have written long ago on a wonderful trip to Amsterdam. My friend is quite the cannibis conniseur, and had a blast, but I was there strictly for some luxury relaxation and escapism. This was THE place for it. Room services including cleaning and food services were seamless and efficient!. Our room faced the front of the hotel ( and was nearly directly over the front entrance with a generous view of the canal Prinsingract--sp? It was late fall and a little cool but everything about the hotel spelled deluxe. Our room was VERY large for a standard room and was about 200euros nightly but well worth it. We were afraid we were going to be stuck with the average European Suite the itty bitty room with the giant price, but not so. It could see how difficult it would be for a physically challenged person to navigate for there were many, many steps up and down through the connected houses as you moved toward your room. The room was well worth it however. The bath was all marble with a rainshower head sprayer and a couple of other fixtures there that I havent ever seen since elsewhere. The turn down service was timely as well. The hotel restaurants were VERY expensive and so we ventured down to Dam Square for good eats of all different nationalities. Overall, the cleanliness, classic style and spaciousness of the hotel room and general helpfulness of the staff made this hotel stay worth the price. I would stay here again in the warm season and request the same room for a fabulous view!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>nightcrowler
<Content>Immaculate service If I need to say just one thing about this hotel, it is the service.That is what makes this hotel so well-reputated.The rooms are fine and well maintained. I was upgraded to a room with a canal view, and both the room and the view were so nice. The room was relaxing, the bathroom was perfect, the housekeeping was more than perfect.Also, the hotel staff at the breakfast room were all very kind and polite and attentive.Before my this trip to Amsterdam, I was in London and stayed at Sanderson and now I can easily judge that there was no service or housekeeping at that Sanderson hotel at all (I posted a review).If I ever go to Amsterdam again, I would definitely stay at this Pulitzer hotel again.Any downside? Well, very expensive.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>SKW77
<Content>Just OK The Pulitzer is an average hotel at an inflated price. I will start by saying that I stayed her on business, and since I was not footing the bill, the nearly $500/night (US) room was a little easier to swallow. That said, my room was small (which you expect in Amsterdam) with a confortable bed, but it faced, quite literally, a wall, with nothing but a vacant courtyard below. If I had been on vacation and/or paying for this myself, I would have either demanded another room, or left the Pulitzer and stayed at one of the many bed and breakfasts in the area at half the price.The good things:1. Nice location 2. The public areas are very nice, as are the views from many of the rooms (just not mine)3. Comfortable beds4. Nice marble bathrooms with decent suppliesThe bad things:1. The concierge was downright rude. I asked for directions to the Van Gough museum. He waved his hand toward the top of the street and told me to take a tram. I asked about the hotel boat (the information in the room indicated they had a boat to take canal tours so you wouldn't be in the tourist masses). He told me to go to Central Station and take a tour boat. I found out later the hotel does indeed have a boat which goes out regularly for tours.2. The view from my room was a joke. Others were nice. Confirm the view before you arrive if you care.3. The food at the hotel was massively overpriced, even for Amsterdam.4. My husband tried to call me five times from the US and the front desk (night) staff repeatedly hung up on him.5. Wireless access was $27 US (per 24 hours). I understand most BBs offer this free of charge.Overall, I suggest you look for a moderately priced BB where they include breakfast and wireless access instead of spending a lot of money on the Pulitzer. You can walk through the Pulitzer and check out the public areas, which are nice/interesting, but ultimately, it's not worth the $$ they charge.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarieUK
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a weekend break in Amsterdam. My husband booked the trip for my birthday, and as usual we used TripAdvisor to research the hotels, and once again it came up trumps. The hotel Pulitzer is located (in our opinion) in an ideal location. It is a 5minute walk to Dam Square  all the other sights are within walking distance, yet it is away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre, yet well placed surrounded by bars, caf茅's and restaurants.Room: We had an executive room which had a split level with two further beds in the loft area, accessed by stairs. This room would be ideal for a family, but not with very small children as the stairs were fairly steep. We didn't use this part of the room, but it made the rest of the room nice and airy with exposed beams in the ceiling. The bathroom was fairly small, but not a problem, lovely toiletries were provided. The room itself was great and we had views out over the gardens. Hotel Staff: Very polite and helpful. When we arrived our room wasn't ready (we were early) so they offered for us to leave our bags (checked in with a ticket) and provided us with a map and pointed out some local sights. When we returned our room was ready and our luggage followed 5mins later. Staff were always happy to offer their personal recommendations on restaurants.Breakfast: Superb, one of the best breakfasts we have experienced whilst travelling in Europe. There was a lot of choice and we never needed lunch!Sights: Visited the Anne Frank House (very moving)  the Heineken Brewery (good value and fun).Would stay in this hotel if we were to return to the cityCity Tax - beware, if you book through Expedia etc you need to pay a city tax on check out. Although this wasn't a great amount, when the rooms are fairly expensive, it wasn't expected, would have been nice to know about this on check-in.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gilwong
<Content>Nice stay This is a nice hotel considering it is a collection of old houses (which is part of the charm). The hotel is next to a canal and in a trendy area of Amsterdam. Service is excellent and the beds are very comfortable. We had a room with a loft. The main floor had a double bed and the loft had two single beds. The staircase to the loft was steep and difficult to navigate. All tourist attractions are within walking distance. Overall, I recommend staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveler2307
<Content>Beautiful, charming hotel, wonderful staff... We stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer for two nights, and would have loved to have stayed longer! Immediately upon arrival at the hotel, we were impressed by the level of service. At check-in, Dominique at the concierge desk offered our daughter a complimentary backpack with treats and notebook inside...we were charmed from the start. Our room was beautiful, overlooking the canal. It wasn't huge, but plenty big for the three of us. The sounds from the street and the canal are what allow you to truly experience the surrounding area...if you are worried about smaller rooms and noise, I would recommend staying at a newer hotel near the airport. If you are interested in soaking in the charm of the Netherlands, Amsterdam and the Jordaan district, do not hesitate to stay at the Pulitzer. We had an unfortunate illness during that time as well and the hotel staff were very helpful in getting us immediate assistance to the hospital. They inquired after us and allowed us late checkout later that afternoon. I would recommend the hotel's canal boat tour; the boat was originally used to tour Winston Churchill around the city after the war, and after a seven year refurbishment is just beautiful. I would recommend the Hotel Pulitzer to even the most discerning travelers and I know that we cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MintChip17
<Content>Great Canal View We thoroughly enjoyed our five night stay at the Pulitzer. Our room had a very nice view overlooking the canal, though i need to point out that we were originally brought to a much less desirable room in the back of the hotel with absolutely no view (unless you count rooftops). While the first room was no doubt given to us to accommodate the roll-away for our 12 year old, we were happy to sacrifice on space to end up with a smaller though more impressive room with a view in the front of the hotel (and lucky the hotel could make a room switch during such a busy time). Although the bathroom was a bit small, the room was well appointed with all the necessities and a very comfortable bed. The concierge desk was very helpful in assisting with dinner recommendations and other activities. Overall the hotel is very nice and in a great location and has one of the best buffet breakfasts you could ever expect to find in Europe. All of the staff that we encountered (houskeeping, restaurant, front desk, etc.) were extremely friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scalba
<Content>Nice Place, Great Location, Great Staff This hotel is constructed from a number of connected canal houses, so the room tend to be small, but nicely appointed. The staff all speak perfect English and are nothing but helpful. The biggest perk may be the location which is on a main canal just down from the Anne Frank House. This puts you within walking distance of everything in Amsterdam. The biggest downside is the price, which tends to be in excess of 鈧?00 per night. If you can swing it, this is a nice place with a great location.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fruitcat
<Content>Deeply disappointing Having booked a deluxe room at the Pulitzer, we were very much looking forward to our one night stay. However, from the moment that we had to walk through a series of corridors that got darker and more tatty the further we went, our expectations were disappointed. Finally, having lugged our suitcases up a winding and dirty staircase we got to our room. It was small and smelt very strongly of smoke. When booking, I had ticked the non-smoking preference and neither of us felt comfortable in such a smoky atmosphere. When my husband returned to reception to ask if we could change rooms, he was told we had requested a smoking room, which was untrue. The woman at front desk was unprepared to do anything to rectify the hotel's mistake other than to offer to have some air fresheners sent to the room. We were extremely unimpressed by the quality of service we encountered. Further, there was damp on the wall behind our bed, the view was of ugly air conditioning units and the bathroom was so small that you couldn't stand up to use the toilet. The high price we paid to stay here does not represent value for money as far as we are concerned and we would choose to stay at an alternative hotel in Amsterdam in future.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Jrou
<Content>Fabulous hotel!       Another view from my room  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>bobhub
<Content>Great Hotel - with a few flaws My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the start and finish of a cycling holiday and were delighted with our room. I had stayed at this hotel previously and knew that the location was perfect for us.On checking in we were offered the opportunity to upgrade to a room overlooking the canal which we accepted. This turned out to be very entertaining as the Gay Pride parade was about to start with a flotilla of decorated barges passing the window.We took lunch at the hotel as we were tired from travelling and found the service to be very poor for this standard of hotel. After being ignored for ten minutes and seeing the waiting staff attend to people who arrived after us, I had to raise the point with the manager. The food was good but the service level never rose above average. This and previous experiences show that there are far better places to eat only a short distance away. For a treat, the french restaurant Christophe will delight people who love food. This was recommended by the concierge and did not disappoint. For breakfast there are numerous small cafes where you can sit outside and watch the city awake, much better than the hotel provides.The room was spacious (room 217 - request it early!) and the decoration and fittings were of excellent quality, with a good bathroom. Other rooms I have stayed in here have not been so big, but have still had a quality feel.As a base this hotel is ideal, and we will certainly use it again. Avoid eating in the hotel or taking expensive hotel organised trips. Walk everywhere or use the excellent tram network to get the most out of your stay.The cycling part of our holiday was outstanding and we used the highly rated barge 'Elodie' (Google it) which gave us a fabulous flavour of the dutch countryside and towns. This is the only independently owned and operated barge for this type of holiday and the quality of bikes, food and service means that we will be booking a trip next year. Well done Michel!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	4	

<Author>cn0828
<Content>We loved the Pulitzer! A friend highly recommended the Pulitzer, so my husband and I made reservations for 4 nights, requesting no smoking room with a canal view. We checked in at 8 AM (after a transatlantic flight) and planned to check our luggage and walk around until our room was ready (check out is at noon). The friendly, helpful, reception staff recommended walking routes and nearby locations and cafes. We returned from our walk at 11 AM and our room was ready for us with everything we had requested.  Our room was very big, well-appointed and comfortable, with large french windows that opened onto the canal. The location of the hotel could not be better - around the corner from Ann Frank House and a tram stop that will take you directly to the art museums, the train station, or anywhere else. You can request a coffee and tea maker to be brought to your room at no charge. The hotel provides coffee and an assortments of teas, which we highly enjoyed.  The hotel had two concierges on duty at different shifts while we were there - one was a bit distant and cold. The other was fabulous. We had many , many questions and he was consistently very helpful and friendly.  As other reviewers have noted, the street/canal sounds through the hotel windows can be a bit noisy, especially on the weekend nights. However, the noises of small motor boats going down the canal and pedestrians talking outside our windows didn't bother us. We slept very well. If you want quiet, consider not staying in central Amsterdam. Some friends stayed in nearby Haarlem and took the 15-minute train ride into Amsterdam each day to see the sights and enjoyed that. We liked staying in Central Amsterdam and the Pulitzer is in the Jordaan, a lovely walking area very convenient to many of the sites.  We rented bikes from nearby Bike City (recommended by the friendly concierge) and enjoyed bicycling around Amsterdam and out along the Amstel River to a nearby village of OuderKerk., about 4 km outside Amsterdam. We passed old-timey windmills and lovely flower gardens. Then we rode back along the opposite side of the Amstel, and, after returning our bikes, enjoyed a good meal at a cafe across from the Westerkerk, just around the corner from the Pulitzer., ready to fall into our comfortable bed.  I would recommend the Pulitzer to my friends. Next time, though, I will ask about getting a rate that includes breakfast. The free internet in the lobby is a big plus.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scarletcarole
<Content>Enjoyable Stay Used our Starwood points for a 3 night stay at the Pullitzer. We found the check in / out staff very friendly and efficient, the room, although not huge was very nice with nice bathroom, we especially liked the beams and brick walls. The hotel had a good atmosphere and the breakfast was fantastic. We found all the staff we encountered very pleasant and helpful, except for one, that was Robin at Conciege, he had an unfortunate attitude, very snooty and tried to make you feel that he was doing you a favour, he seemed to forget he was an employee employed to assist guests, I think he should be sent on a customer care course or retired off.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DoxieMomof2
<Content>Nice Hotel, But Not a Five Star My husband is a Starwood Preferred guest and our stay at the Pultizer was on points. We spent four nights at this hotel in late June and early July 2007. Our room was on the third floor facing the canal. The room was large and well appointment. The bed was extremely comfortable. Bathroom was luxurious, but there were so many handles and trays it was hard to stand in the shower and not bump into them....it made the shower feel very narrow.We did not find our room noisy.Our only complaints were the carpeting in the hallways and the lift seemed worn and needed an update. The breakfast was extremely overpriced at 29 euro's each! When checking in, there were several trainees who wouldn't take the next person in-line until someone was there to oversee them. They did not ackowledge us or even say, I'll be right with you. Not what you expect from a 5 star hotel.The location is great with the Anne Frank House, the tram and canal boats just a few minutes away. In addition, the free Internet downstairs was great.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Liblaw
<Content>Awful stay at the Pulitzer I just read some of the bad reviews for the Pulitzer and I couoldn't agree more. Last year the hotel was still getting raves and it's about time that the reviews reflect how bad the place really is. First off, we booked through Starwood and after flying in from New York via London the staff couldn't find our reservation. After much pleading we finally got our room. What a disaster. We didn't get is changed until the next day but at least we faced the courtyard instread of being in the attic. But as bad as that first room was the staff was terrible. The concierge consistantly gave bad advice if he gave any at all. My advice is to stay away from the Pulitzer.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>InSearch0fExcellence
<Content>Staff requires intensive training The hotel itself is average OK, no great shakes for a 5 star hotel. My room was probably the smallest in the hotel, tiny window with a bad view of the courtyard 鈥?not much bigger then the size of the bed. And make sure you are not placed too close to the lifts as I could hear them all night. Granted, the hotel is near the center and right on a canal, but these facts certainly don鈥檛 make it 5 Star. My biggest complaint and the reason I am writing this is that I found the staff to be untrained, unhelpful and snooty. The issue was that I requested checkout one day prior to my scheduled departure, the person behind the counter told this was OK and no charge would be levied. However, when I did checkout the extra night charge was placed on my bill 鈥?along with the fee for the entire mini bar, which I did not use. When I mentioned the mini bar the women said this happens all the time. Also, when I complained to two of the managers about the extra night no refund was offered 鈥?even though I pointed out that this was discussed the previous day. To date no refund has been given and no apologies either. Now I have heard the Dutch can be cheap 鈥?but bad at business? So if you decide to stay here, make sure your bill is correct AND that the information you are receiving from the staff is accurate! If you want luxury, you had better look elsewhere!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>kissel
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Pulitzer My wife and I recently stayed at the Pulitzer for two nights on the first stop of our honeymoon and were plesantly surprised, especially after reading the mixed reviews on TA. The hotel is located in a great part of town, one block from a tram stop and Anne Frank house. We were upgraded to a large and beautiful canal view room. The bed was fantastic, especially after the 10 hour flight from LA. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. Although we used Starwood points for the room and therefore can't comment on value relative to other hotels in the area, we loved our stay at this unique and comfortable property and will return.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>s0s
<Content>Fantastic spot but check your reservation carefully I have a client in Amsterdam and regularly stay at this hotel - maybe at least twice a month, so I thought I should add a review.This is a lovely hotel which I would recommend, but there are a few things worth knowing.It is situated in the centre of Amsterdam (great position), between two canals and has been created by banding together a series of canal-side houses. It's an extraordinary thing architecturally, and recommended for that alone, but it does make the hotel confusing to navigate. I know it well now, but I regularly encounter guests standing lost in the corridor!The rooms are nicely appointed and reasonably well cared for, but a downside of the heritage of the hotel is that even some of the most expensive rooms can receive alot of noise, either from the road outside (if you are at the front, because you are three feet from the road!) or from above, because the sound proofing from above is poor....net result - go late to bed and rise early, and let someone else have the noise!!If you plan carefully and book in advance, you can get yourself into one of the many rooms hid in corners of 'the warren' that aren't so impacted upon by others. These are real finds.Finally, just a warning about the reception's attention to detail. I always book a non-smoking room, and the hotel regularly tell me I have done precisely the opposite. I have double and triple checked my reservation in the past, and still had a row with them. And last week, someone left some tickets for me at reception, which they swore they didn't have....but they did!Finally, the restaurant is good, but way more in demand than it deserves to be. Don't eat in the restaurant unless you just want to be lazy. Go out and find some of the excellent restaurants in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	1	3	3	

<Author>EasyGoingMidwestGuy
<Content>Very nice, but not a 5 star       Prinsengracht canal  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>mikkitampa
<Content>A special hotel We have stayed here 3 times in the last 4 years. As platinum Starwood members we were upgraded on this trip to a suite. The suite was a 2 story apartment: foyer, kitchenette, 1 bathroom, 2 bedrooms and living area. The architecture was fantastic: beamed ceilings, glasswalls - very quaint. It overlooked the canal. There were 2 adults and 3 children and it was perfect.The architecture inside and out is beautiful. We find it very appealing. The only difficult part is sometimes finding your way to your room with all of the turns and steps, etc.The service as always is so personal, friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet has the typical European fare along with some American favorites. The bar is also very relaxing with outstanding service and ambience.The location is great for sightseeing. You are very close to the Anne Frank House, Dam Square, Jordaan neighborhood, flower market, and tram stops. We also walked to Centraal Station, Rijksmuseum, VanGogh museum, Leidesplain, etc.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewYorkCityElle
<Content>The best in Amsterdam! The hotel itself lies along a grand canal in a beautiful and historic Amsterdam neighborhood. Everything about it is five stars...service, elegant and comfortable rooms, food, etc, etc...My husband and I went for a romantic weekend and are already getting ready to book again for the holiday season! Perfection!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hereford_7
<Content>Fantastic location My wife and I stayed for 3 days in early June for our wedding anniversary and were very impressed. Ticked all the boxes- great location, very safe, staff amazingly friendly and very helpful in guiding us to good restaurants etc. Hotel food excellent although pricey. Room good size- ours overlooked the gardens and was obviously previously part of two of the canal houses. Despite the large number of rooms it had all the attributes of a small family hotel. Gardens are great to relax in after a days sight seeing! Overall would rate very highly.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYC304
<Content>Beautiful hotel on canal The Hotel Pulitzer deserves it's label as part of the 'luxury collection'. The rooms are beautiful, perfectly finished and very relaxing. The service was exceptional and the facilities great. The hotel has beautiful meeting rooms for events and a very good restaurant (both breakfast and dinner are quite good). The location on the Prinsengracht canal puts it a little bit out of the 'center' but it's a beautiful location and probably my top choice for an area to stay in. Everything is within walking distance from the hotel and it's easy to get a bike to go around town.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelgirlfromlondon
<Content>Excellent Is worth being a member of Starwood hotels (or Hiltons, etc) as you get great offers and no exception with this hotel. Great location (check the restaurant and wonder of the big painting), close to shops (some nice original shoes, girls), great architecture, some 30min walk to Rembrandt house. Our room was located on the second floor and had to remember how to reach (involved several sets of stairs and corridors) but nevertheless was great fun. I think Ocean 11 was filmed in there, recognised the entrance, or could be wrong. Highly recommended!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TS7
<Content>Great Service, Nice Rooms, Perfect Stay I stayed at the Pulitzer for two nights on business in early April. Check-in was about a 3 minute process, no issues. They asked if I was a member of Starwood, and I said I thought I had signed up for it, but had no ID card on me. No matter, she had my info in about 5 seconds just based on my name, very nice! Other staff interactions were with the porters, and they were very friendly, and anticipated your needs sometimes before you even had to ask.Room was small and very efficient. Nice view from the 3rd floor of the back of the building, a large courtyard with trees, flowers, and little cafe tables. Bathroom was great, one of the nicest showers (comfort, pressure, temperature) that I've used in Europe. The bed was the standard (seemingly) of most European hotels, with a comforter for a sheet, and a little lower to the ground than USA beds. They had the pick your pillow option, where you can get a different pillow if you'd like, but I was fine with the one's provided. The room had an internet drop, 20 euros for a 24 hour pretty fast connection.It's about a 10-15 minute walk to the park in the center of Amsterdam, where the Picasso museum is. It's about a 30 second walk to the Anne Frank house.I was very pleased, and I'd consider staying there again.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelswithdiane
<Content>We enjoyed the Pulitzer! My friend and I just spent five nights at the Pulitzer using Starwood points. All those we encountered at the hotel treated us with efficiency and smiles, the front desk folks, the concierge, and the doorman. My friend uses a walker and they were concerned about her. They put us in room on the lobby level so she would not need stairs. We had a large, lovely, quiet, clean room off a garden.After reading some negative comments from other reviewers I was a bit concerned about what we would encounter, but as I mentioned the room was large with comfortable twin beds. Not heavenly beds as someone mentioned, but they were fine. The garden turned out to be a blessing as we were there on Queen's Day and the room/garden offered a quiet place in which to escape the crowds and noise.The bathroom had a combination shower/tub. It was difficult for us to climb in and out and the tub was a bit slippery. It was also difficult to adjust the water temperature. But, those are the only complaints of this charming hotel.We liked the location, too. The hotel is not in the center of tourist activities, but very close to the Anne Frank House and less than a block to a tram stop. We enjoyed this neighborhood and had dinner there all five nights. Many, many options of restaurants and shopping.The buffet breakfast at the hotel was very good even though at 27 euros per person it was a bit expensive for me. There were plenty of options of what to eat and there was no way I could sample it all. I especially enjoyed the hash brown potatoes that were more like potato pancakes and the hot chocolate. The service was adequate and the staff seemed busy, not rude. We liked the restaurant a lot and tried to dine there for dinner on Queen's Day, but to our disappoint they were fully booked.When I needed help using the pay phone to call my bank in the U.S., the concierge left his post to help me. As I mentioned, the staff at the hotel was great.I stay in a lot of hotels while traveling for my job. In my book, this hotel is a winner.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnee99
<Content>Way Behind the Times/Poore Service I will state at the start: I am a Platinum Starwood member. I am used to getting treated nicely and for properties like the Pulitzer to go out of their way to get me an upgrade. My wife, child and I checked in and were given the noisiest (non-upgraded) room in the hotel (#209). Nice canal view, but at 4am the trucks start downstairs for 2 hours!!! Impossible. Next, the internet connection fees are outrageous, without even a free zone in the lobby. Perhaps the worst business hotel I have ever encountered from that perspective. This place is great for people in their seventies...the staff seems to reserve all of their charm for the older guests and investment bankers, but absolutely ZERO for an American family. I usually don't post reviews because I am usually not treated so shabbily, but stay away from this place unless you absolutely have to stay there. The neighborhood is great with alot of walking streets, which is the only redeeming quality at this point...especially for 300 Euros per night!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	4	2	1	1	

<Author>BDHNewHampshire
<Content>We loved this hotel We just spent 5 nights at Hotel Pulitzer in the heart of Amsterdam and want to share our experience. This is a great place. The hotel staff provided excellent service. They could not have been nicer. Our every request was met and at times I felt guilty about being alittle too needy. We asked for museum tickets to avoid lines and they were immediately available. We asked for food not on the room service menu (picky aren't we) and it showed up with a smile and a no problem attitude. We asked for a more limited breakfast in the breakfast room and again it was no problem. They would not let us touch our bags from the moment the taxi dropped us off. All service was very personalized and made me feel like we were staying with friends. They let us use their internet business center including printer for no charge.This hotel has alot of old world charm with a great exercise facility, bar and breakfast room and garden with seating areas.The hotel itself is in a great location allowing you to walk everywhere. It is about 3 minutes to the Anne Frank house right in the heart of canals. Our room was on the ground floor and opened onto a garden area where we could enjoy an afternnon rest and bottle of wine we bought for 5 euro's at the grocery store right around the corner. We used the hotel for morning coffee and breakfast, but some mornings just had coffee and ate breakfast at some of the not to be missed pancake places nearby. I think you might want to request a garden room. We did not request a canal view (as others suggested) and my wife and I were very pleased with the room. They provide slippers and robes. The bed was comfortable but not to the level of a Westin heavenly bed. The bathroom was marble and great. The room itself was alittle on the small side by American standards, but for a European hotel spack in the center of Amsterdam it was large. Walk around the grounds: the whole place is just charming.Make frequent use of the concierge desk. They can help you set up a day. We were there for Queen's day and make frequent use of the garden area to rest from the party.Stay here.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonBlonde
<Content>Just OK... but fabulous for breakfast! I currently work in Amsterdam and tried many hotels between January and February whilst I was waiting for my apartment to be ready. We stayed in the Pulitzer during bad weather as we were unable to travel home due to storms...The Pulitzer is just OK - no more and no less. It's a beautiful location and has fantasic canal views. The rooms are all different - and some of them are quite odd sizes as they have been fitted into the old houses. The beds are comfy, the bathrooms nice (not all have bath tubs), nice products and the decor good general standard. It just doesn't stand up to the hype or to the price they charge.I would, however, really recommend visiting the Pulitzer for breakfast... it is an excellent buffet in a bright sunny room... love it and always take all my vistors to Amsterdam there.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>pcinbk
<Content>Terrible value for money Non-existent service, poor food, rude attitude, overwhelmed staff, noisy, stuffy rooms. Not one good thing to say except for location.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>pineappleeurope
<Content>Excellent authentic Amsterdam Canal House Hotel I have just returned from the Pulitzer and our stay was amazing. We were greated by a smilling doorman who carried our bags in and check-in took only minutes. We were upgraded to a delux room which was huge - big enough for an extra bed for our nine-year-old. The bath room was large with a tub - nicely furnished with marble in subtle colours. We arrived late and ordered room service dinner for us and our two kids. The food came late and the order was not correct. But after having travelled extensively all over the world I have learned that all hotels - even the best in the world - sometimes make mistakes. How you rate the hotel is based on how they correct the mistakes and I have to say the Pulitzer did great. After less than 5 minutes our order was corrected and we were not charged at all. Plus the kids got ice cream and cookies,-)Breakfast is fantastic and served in a wonderful cafe decorated with ample and unique pieces of art. The staff are kind and personal - always smiling and recognis you from day to day. The Pulitzer is not your typical chain hotel - thank god - but rather a boutique style hotel set in 24 beautiful unique canal houses along one of Amsterdams most beautiful canals. Also the area is amazing. Around you will find the 'nine streets' which are famous for the small designer shops with great Amsterdam treats. I stongly recommend 'Dutchies' - a local leather handbag designer a few streets from the hotel - once you have a custom made bag from here you will never buy LV or Gucci again. And best of all there are only five of each bag made! When in Amsterdam, Pulitzer is your choice;-)  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>magchand
<Content>Excellent, No Negatives Just returned from a 5-night stay at The Pulitzer and it was fantastic. I was disturbed by the criticisms in some of the reviews, especially regarding rats, but was pleasantly surprised. All staff were very helpful, breakfasts superb, concierge great, rooms were spotless and well furnished. The hallways were a little dingy, but who cares. All round excellent stay and would totally go back.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hotpot22
<Content>Fantastic I've worked in hotels for many years and therefore stayed in some of the best, this is one of the best I have ever stayed in. The service and welcome was excellent from every member of staff.After reading the reviews on this website I sent an email to the hotel asking for an upgrade to a canal view room whcih they gave for both rooms in my party at no extra charge. We ate in the bar one night, the bar staff were terrific, breakfast was also excellent. The only downside in my opinion was the choice of food in the restaurant as it was rather exotic for the people in my party i.e. eels and rabbit, but the food in the bar was delicious. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning,  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joanwSandsPoint
<Content>Lovely Hotel Just came back from Amsterdam and stayed at the Pulitzer. We loved the location, right near Anne FRank and Joordan. The people that worked in the hotel were lovely and helpful. The only negative was that the room was a liitle small.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Kelly_126
<Content>Really Good I have just returned from a weekend stay at the Hotel Pulitzer with 5 colleagues. I have to say that I think the other peole who have posted on this site must have been staying at a different Hotel.The location is perfect, the staff were very helpful, the rooms were immaculate, although they varied in size, each one was clean and of the standard you would expect in a 4 star hotel.The food was great, breakfast really is worth every penny.We had a really wonderful time and would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anyone.At the end of the day if you aren't happy with the size of your room just ask to be moved?!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>McCluggage
<Content>We loved The Pulitzer. My wife and I have just returned from a very relaxed break in Amsterdam having stayed at The Pulitzer for three nights.Reading some of the most recent reviews I wondered if the authors had stayed in the same hotel as we had.The hotel was first class. It was our 25th Wedding Anniversary and we had a very nice room overlooking the canal. The room was very clean and we were provided with robes, slippers etc which all contributed to our comfort.On our first evening the duty manager telephoned to ask if everything was to our satisfaction, which it was. After long days of sightseeing the room was a liittle oasis of comfort to return to. The hotel is a series of old canal houses joined together so obviously it does not have some of the features of a newly built hotel. However this all adds to it's charm and the public areas and passageways adjoining the restaurant,bar etc are all bright and airy. During our 3 days spent there staff were constantly cleaning and hoovering these areas.I was astounded by a previous reviewers criticism of the breakfast service. We can only say it was first class and relaxed.Lambert, who seemed to be the senior waiter, could not have been more helpful and always found time for a little chat with us no matter how busy he was. We were always seated immediately upon arrival , as were all other guests whom we encountered.The choiceand quality of food was first class.An example being freshly squeezed orange juice, cereals,breads etc. Smoked salmon, various types of cold meat and cheeses. Hot breakfast consisting of scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, mushrooms etc. We found everyone from the porters, check-in staff, conscierge, cleaners etc to be efficient and friendly.Whilst the hotel is pricey it is worth paying for that extra comfort and attention and we would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>J01970
<Content>Definately Not 5 Star Really dissappointed with this Hotel. It was clean, comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, but the rooms were SOOO small.If you are looking for a hotel in a beautiful setting away from the hustle and bustle of Dam Square then I would recommend it, but beware inside the hotel is nothing special.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	2	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>jf06
<Content>good but not outstanding A good hotel but not outstanding for its price. The ordinary rooms are comfortable but small. The location and breakfeast are excellent.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MsDollar
<Content>Hotel Pulitzer is a Filthy, Filthy, Filthy luxury hotel We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on a weekend visit to Amsterdam. We were so excited as my partner had stayed there before just after it was renovated and was impressed. We could not recommend this hotel to anyone in its current state and it desperately needs to be renovated, cleaned and extra staff hired.1) Check in was prompt but the staff didn鈥檛 smile or welcome us2) The room at first seemed cozy but there was a layer of dust on all the furniture like it had not been cleaned3) We requested a quiet room but we got the noisiest next to the main entrance and a window next to the entrance was above the bed4) One bottle of water supplied between two people so for the price it was a bit mean for two people to share one bottle5) We went to the bar for the last drink the first impression was that it was dirty so we had no choice but to sit at a dirty table, then the waiter came to wipe the table and wiped the dirt on top of us. We ordered wine and it was terrible (like the bottle was opened for a month) Then the waiter was really pushy with the bill but we wanted to order another drink. 6) On the way back to our room the receptionist was carrying blankets and duvets in the public lift even though there is a service lift (lifts only hold about 2 people) 7) The worst of all was the breakfast; it was filthy like a garbage bin. There are notices up to go to breakfast between 7am-11am (as far as I remember the times) as it gets extremely busy after these times. So we went down at 10. I was shocked. There was 2 staff in the entire restaurant so there was a 0 star service. Again, the tables were filthy and the waiter wiped it on top of us (previous dirt was in the grooves on the table already and smelled terrible). There was nothing on the table and it took 30 minutes for someone to come and ask us did we want something to drink no chance for us to grab any one to order morning coffee! The coffee was like tar. There were no glasses to get orange juice then when they finally came direct from the dishwasher a couple of people burned their hands 鈥?OJ, hands and hot glasses don't mix well. Next came the cereal which I had to eat with my teaspoon. There was just no staff to ask. At one point another man got up and went to the chef's kitchen to ask for some cutlery and something to eat off.8) We ordered a taxi from the hotel to go to a restaurant and the taxi man left us waiting in the reception for 30 minutes and it wasn't even busy9) The cleaners were sitting around in the hallways with vacuum cleaners lying in harms way.10) When our room was made up the bed looked like someone else had slept in it and watched TV for a while and all our belongings were moved around11) Check out was peaceful they didn't ask us how our stay was and we didn't bother to comment we knew we were not going to stay there again12) Out with a bang - we collected our carry on luggage from the Concierge and asked him to book us a taxi to the airport - we saw this hugh luggage trolley in the reception with our 2 tiny bags sitting in the middle of reception unattended. He asked us to wait in the reception. There was a glass table and I have never seen something so filthy in my life. There were crumbs on the table and everywhere around the table. They just needed a mouse to come and help and clean them up. It was the most unsightly thing I have ever seen at any hotel reception  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	-1	3	2	4	

<Author>MarthaF
<Content>Overrated, dirty, frenzied This hotel was highly touted by friends, and although my non-smoking room with queen bed was confirmed by the hotel, I arrived and was told that I received an upgrade. A room with two twin beds pushed together was not satifactory, so I was moved to a smoky section of the hotel, with room service trays from the previous occupant still languishing outside the door. The room was smelly, and the lobby was dirty - and had still not been cleaned the following morning. My wake-up call for a very early flight was not made. All of this for 260 Euros a night? I asked what the upgrade was for, and they responded: historical details. How about delivering just what was promised, no less no more???  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>ArmanMoscow
<Content>Never go to this hotel We stayed in this hotel 3 nights with my wife when visiting Amsterdam. This was the worth hotel of this category we've ever stayed:1) 1h (yes ONE hour) to check in2) we booked a none smoking room, we got one that was smelling very heavily the cigar (so an other 20mn to change and get an other room)3) they were sorry for this, so gave us a voucher for 2 free drinks at the bar....4) when wanting to use it, i left the paper in the room, told it to the barm tender that wanted anyway to see it or you pay. I said that i was not willing to pay, and that he could call the reception His answer :you pay or I call the security....which HE DID !!!!This was the first day, nice....unfortunatly we pre-paid the 3 nights (325 euros per night...not cheap for Amsterdam), so were not willing to move. I told in their survey what i was thinking about their hotel, the answer  we are very sorry, and hope to see you again at the Pulitzer. Are they joking ?!?Everybody now that i meet, i tell them to NEVER go to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>loverealale
<Content>lovely hotel We have just spent 2 nights at this hotel and would definitely return. The reception and door staff were extremely friendly and made us feel very welcome. Our room was on the front of the hotel and we had a lovely view of the canal, our bed was probably the most comfortable one we've ever slept in and it was very quiet at night so we had a very good nights sleep. Room service was quite expensive but it was worth it to have a lovely pot of coffee delivered to our room in the mornings.I can't really say any more, it was great, can't fault it.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlyP
<Content>Great Stay in Amsterdam               More photos  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>NYCBeachLover
<Content>Great location in Amsterdam I stayed at Pulitzer during a weekend get-away to Amsterdam from the States. Since I was in Amsterdam for the first time and only for 48 hours I spent no time in the hotel other than in my room.I booked the lowest level room. It was small, and with all the furnishings was crowded (to reach one side of the bed I had to climb over a sitting chair). The bed was queen-sized and adequately comfortable, but a little firm and lumpy - not what I would expect given the focus high-end hotels are placing on their beds these days. The pillows, however, were great. There was also a small desk, a large closet, a regular TV (not flat-screem), and a Bose Wave radio/CD player. Lighting was adequate, but not great - with all the lights on the room was still a little dark.The bathroom was also small but very nice. The tub was large and accomodated me easily for a bath (I'm 5'11), but it was narrow, as seems the norm in Europe. Each day I was left a complimentary water bottle and cookies, and turn-down service was accompanied by some chocolates.My room looked out over an inner courtyard of sorts, but all I could really see was other parts of the hotel. Since I was on the 2nd floor of a 4-5 story building this meant very little natural light. The front desk staff were very understanding when I asked to be moved, but they could only put me in a different room for the 2nd night (I declined).One of the best things about the hotel is its location: in the heart of Amsterdam, but just far enough away that it's quiet and feels more residential. There are many nearby restaurants and shops, the Anne Frank house is a 5-10 minute walk, and the tram is only 3-5 minutes away.Overall, I was happy with my stay in Pulitzer, but not thrilled. The location is great and might convince me to return, but not at their current high prices.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Hawaii_son
<Content>Needs improvement               More photos  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Tartan_Totty
<Content>Exquisite but maybe dated... I have stayed at the Pulitzer before and this booking was a last minute weekend break. Our two night stay cost around 500 Euros excluding breakfast.The Hotel is quite remarkable with an antique style combining deep wooden finishes and rich fabrics - this is not really to my taste as I prefer modern and minimalistic! I can definitely see how others would like it though.The room I had this time was not a patch on my previous stay which had been beautiful. It was rather small with a poor view of other hotel rooms only. The bathroom however was lovely and the shower was fabulous. Everything was well maintained and house-keeping were attentive to detail.Parts of the Pulitzer are a bit dated and as it is built from a row of Canal houses it is like a rabbit warren inside - the passages could use a complete make-over.The Bar is nice and the service throughout is impeccable.I didn't eat at the hotel as there are so many fabulous restaurants in Amsterdam and breakfast weighed in at 27 Euros per person which I thought was a bit much.I doubt I would go back, favouring a more modern property but would have no hesitation recommending it if your preference is a more traditional style establishment.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>starwoodfan782
<Content>Pretty bad. As a frequent hotel guest and business traveler, I was horribly disappointed at the level of Hotel Pulitzer. I'm normally not picky at all, and don't normally write reviews, but I felt compelled to write this to warn others. Yes, the location is great. However, tt was incredibly noisy and the room that we were should not have been considered part of the luxury collection. The hotel was merely ok--but not something special or that should be considered part of Starwood's Luxury Collection. I've stayed in many a Sheraton--or even Four Points--that are nicer.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>teecat
<Content>good experience Spent two nights in late January at Hotel Pulitzer. No complaints whatsoever...arrived nearly five hours before check-in time and room was set up promptly.Location is ideal on a nice quiet street and only a block or so from the Anne Frank House. Also about a block to the tram which gets you to other main attractions quickly if you're not up for walking.Wouldn't hesitate to stay there again on my next visit.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SDParis
<Content>Unreliable quality and poorly set out. I have stayed here twice recently and have to say I am extremely disappointed in it. I always stay at Starwood hotels and I have found the Luxury collection to be uniformly very good, except for this one.I stayed during the week on a business trip. The general running of the place was poor and reception was often unattended, when it is they seem to do the minimum they can for you. For example they don't serve food in the bar or restaurant after 11.00pm. Also, simple requests are never followed through and this includes my wake up call which didn't happen and asking for an iron which never arrived. The rooms are also hit and miss, the first time I stayed I was in a great room with a canal view and the second one was tiny and looked on to a white washed wall. For nearly 300Euro you do feel a bit cheated with the whole experience. I really can't see how it gets away with claiming to be in any way a 'luxury hotel. It's a row of houses converted into a hotel which is run in a poor to decidedly average manner. Overall if you stayed once you might get lucky and have a decent experience, equally you could be let down by poorly trained staff and find yourself looking at a white wall in your tiny room.  It鈥檚 quirky and unique but if you want a reliable standard of room and staff quality I would advise you to go to one of the better know chain hotels, at least you know what to expect. If you want something a bit different I am sure you will find a Bed and Breakfast of better quality at a fraction of the price.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ldscjpcat
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Wonderful Service The Pulitzer is one the best hotel I have stayed in. I travel frequently and have been in many hotels across the world. The Pulitzer aces it on every aspect I consider important. The staff is exceptionally helpful, the rooms are wonderful and interesting. The bar is exceptionally nice and the staff there very friendly. And, they get the little touches right- like the stroopwaflen on the bed at night. The location is cool and an easy walk to things- although a bit longer to the museums. Our business doesn't approve the hotel for my level anymore which could almost make me cry! However, for anyone else that can- you should.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rbwii
<Content>Very nice hotel, amazing location Ok, ok . . . this may not be a 5-star hotel but it was WELL worth the money. Compared to other nice Amsterdam hotels, Pulitzer can hold its own, believe me. Wee took the train to central station from Schiphol (3.5 euros) and a taxi to the hotel (10 euros). We were assisted by the bellman immediately and then waited about 3 minutes for the front desk attendant. We arrived at 1PM and were told that our room would not be ready until 3PM . . . but it was a canal view room on the 3rd floor so waiting was NO problem. We wandered around the city for 2 hours . . . (if you have never been, the ENTIRE city is accessible on foot and is absolutely amazing). Our room was awesome . . . spacious with an amazing bathroom, hardwood floors, etc. There was also a bottle of water and delicious chocolates waiting for us. Now, the Dutch are not known for their service, or so I've heard . . . but the staff at the hotel was great. I would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Angelyvonne
<Content>Okay Hotel but Great Location I stayed here with my husband late December for 3 nights. I would agree that this is definitely not a 5 star hotel.I was disappointed that we did not get a canal view room, but thought the room size was okay. The hotel does seem a little dated, but I thought it was clean and the amenities were fine (but the Internet was quite overpriced). The room was however, very dark and dim in general. The bathroom marble floors were heated, which was a nice touch. I did not think the service was up to par. The concierge was helpful, but not great. We wanted a walking tour, and they offered us their own which was over 160 euros for 2 people. I had learned about another organization called Mee in Mokum, which is staffed by local retirees and they supposedly do great walking tours for 4 euros per person. When I asked the concierge about this, they simply said, well if you want to do that they usually meet at the amsterdam historical museum at 11am, so you would need to go there. So when we went there, we were told that Mee in Mokum did not give tours at that time of the year. It was annoying and I thought the concierge should have helped us confirm before we scrambled to run out there. I did feel they tended to be fairly dismissive if we wanted to seek out tour options that were not created by the hotel.The location was great and very central to most touristy spots around town.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>BIZTraveler33
<Content>Nothing Worse! I am shocked by the other reviews. I travel for business on a daily basis and I stay at hotels all over the world. I have never been at a hotel that I wanted to leave so fast. They claim to be a five star.. if you have stayed at a five star (or even a three star)anywhere in the world you would recognize this place should be rated at no more than a three star.Rooms are decent I will give them credit for that and location is decent... However my understanding of what makes you a five star versus a 3 or four star is the service....First I was called and then sent a letter to the room to find out if the front check in attendant asked me for money.. I said yes she asked me for an extra 50 Euro and it was standard request.. The lady on the phone says .. well we understand there is a problem and we will credit your account.. however you might have trouble if you order room service... I was shocked needless to say that they basically accused the front desk of stealing... I make the next biggest mistake of going to eat at the resturant.. and eating... I got violently ill... I spent the next day in bed... I return to the Bar the next night after recovering.. and the bar tender asks me how my night was ... I mention how ill I got and he asked what I ate I mentioned it an he shook his head and bought me a shot... WHAT???? Then I have been paying 20 Euros a night for internet.. I called down on the 4th day and said I have not been able to stay connected for more that 5 minutes... I was told it wasn't there problem call a international number... ( I was rude and I said) I thought this was a five star hotel that I am paying a decent amount to stay at and ---I was told would you like me to give you the number again.... I said no I do not want the number again and I was hung up on....So again the hotel is nice.. the rooms are decent.. but if you are coming here for the service that you expect for wha they claim to be... I would recommend saying at a Hostel they would be much more courtesy that the service I received here. I was absolutley appauled.. I know I was rude with the last comment. However it was honest. I wish I experienced the service that the previous guests experienced.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Kehlen
<Content>Perfect location I stayed here with my husband and 3 children for 2 nights and agree it's a fantastic hotel. Having lived in Amsterdam for 5 years it was wonderful to be back and think the location of this hotel is perfect. We had a family room which was very small but beautifully laid out with a ladder type staircase to a mezzanine level with 2 beds and seperate TV for the kids. As the kids are watching re runs of 'Little House on the Prairie' they were comparing it to the Olsens house! The only negative I would have is that the breakfast charge is in addtion to a rather expensive room, we ended up paying 135 euro for 5 of us to have breakfast and my youngest son is only 2, there is no discount for children!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelmaddy
<Content>dutch canal are so lovely... This is a very cosy hotel and whilst very hot outside in amsterdam, inside the airco was great.Very nicely decorated rooms, beautiful bathrooms. wonderful view; the dutch canals. Friendly staff, of course... we are in holland after all.Location is excellent, close to everything, walking distance, no car needed for anything in holland. Public transport is fantastic and cheap. Very easy to get to from amsterdam schiphol to the hotel, just take the train to the centralstation and than a 5 minute tramjourney and you are in front of the hotel.about 65 euro in a taxi from the airport.Food is good, breakfast great. Good selection and such a cosy area with again great views overlooking the canals whilst the sun is beaming in and you see all the people outside. They have this huge painting in the breakfast room, which my kids just loved, kept them very entertaint. The courtyard is lovely.You'll love this place.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Sailinggal
<Content>Best hotel and best location! We stayed at this hotel for two nights before a river cruise...loved the hotel and location. About 25 canal homes all connected together in three rows. We had a room on the third floor, inter court yard. I did not like this location as the lights were on all night long in the hall way that were across from our room. If we ever go back to Amsterdam, we will stay there but a different location. I would request the garden or canal rooms.This hotel is central located to everything. Anne Frank home, Dam Square, museums, and near great places to eat. The hotel is prices for the food are expensive, but very very good.The rooms are amazing. Wooden beams on the ceiling, wood floors. The bathroom has heated floors! Amazing bathroom too.Loved this hotel. I would recommend this hotel to anymore.The only thing I wished they had was coffee makers in the room.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessshuz
<Content>one of my favorites I travel globally about 75 days per year for business. This is one of the most unique and charming hotels I have ever stayed in. It is so cozy that I never want to leave my room. The staff is wonderful.Fabulous location!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arnop
<Content>Very charming hote The hotel's website said 'a home away from home' and it's quite honest to say that. The hotel is very charming located between the canals and despite the fact that it's a tiny bit isolated from the center, walking down the canals during sunset is awesome !The rooms are very nice with a nice bathroom and a very confortable bed. The rooms are not very big but I guess it's from the canalhouses the hotel is build from.The restaurants are very good but take your Dutch dictionnary with you !  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Him-and-me
<Content>Smart hotel, relaxed atmosphere, superb staff Stayed at the Pulitzer for 3 nights November 2006. Have been to Amsterdam several times before, and this hotel is superbly located, just a couple of minutes walk from Anne Frank's house and 10 minutes from the main central attractions! Peaceful location and beautiful peaceful hotel. Smart but not 'up itself', the staff are amazingly friendly, courteous, and everything from reception to room service carried out efficiently. Great bar as well! Thoroughly recommend. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChristianK
<Content>Great Exeperience in wonderful location I have stayed over the years in many business hotels in Amsterdam (Swisshotel, Gran Hotel NH, Mariott, Hilton, Renaissance, Okura) but the Pulitzer has become my favourite business and leisure hotel in the city. The location is great, hotel staff very polite and helpful, the design very special, the price within the same range like the other mentioned hotels.The only downsides are in my view the breakfast (expensive and at the best average)  room size in some part of the hotels. In case you have problems with stairs stay in a different place or ask for an easy accessible room. Being in one of the nicest streets in Amsterdam you are walking distance from fine restaurants around Prinzen- and Singelgracht and to the train station and tourist highlights on the other side.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>skibuff
<Content>Very Nice       View from the Garden  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cgr
<Content>Excellent hotel Got a great rate for this hotel on hotwire ($195 per night) so was really pleased to be staying here. This hotel is about a 10 min walk from the Dam square in the center of Amsterdam, right on the canal. We got upgraded to a canal-view room (#175) which was small-ish (in the european style) but had high ceilings and a balcony and got sent some complimentary champagne for our honeymoon. No coffee or iron in the rooms - but all arrived on request. For a lovely breakfast, turn left out of the front entrance - on the next corner is a cafe with fresh baked breads and cooked meals. The porter organized a car service to the airport for a lower price than a taxi (E35). Highly recommended, nothing to complain about here.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SA&AB4
<Content>Absolutely no faults!! We have just returned from a 3 night stay at The Pulitzer. After reading previous reviews I was a little dubious to say the least. What a lovely suprise!! I cannot fault the rooms, staff, location etc. in any way whatsover.Room service was very efficient, the mini bar was very reasonalby priced.Rooms, bed linen and towels were cleaned everyday.There was an excellent variety of foods for breakfast, we didn't dine at The Pulitzer of an evening but it all looked very nice.The Pulitzer bar is very relaxed and friendly and is the perfect way to unwind from your evening.I would definately recommened this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nunununu
<Content>not my first time there, and not my last I love the Pulitzer and everytime I can get a good deal for it, I stay here when I travel to Amsterdam. It is a nice get-away from the tourists who come to Amsterdam only to indulge in the green, as they cannot afford it.Everytime, we get different rooms with different arrangements. This past time we were traveling with older relatives, and they were more than willing to accomodate their inability to deal with stairs, and gave them a room right near the elevators and recognizing that we were return guests, gave them a wonderful canal-view room... certainly made their trip a little more romantic. We kids did not get such a lovely room, but we still enjoyed it.The property provides a lovely place to meet with guests - we have family in the Netherlands. It is well located just a few steps from a tramline, a short walk to central areas, and some of our favorite restaurants. All the times that we have been there, we have yet to try the in-house restaurant. We do, however, love the cookies that you get in your room upon check-in. It is a race to the room to try to steal the other person's cookie each time, although the tolerant atmosphere of Amsterdam usually makes the winning party relent and share.As I mentioned before, it is nice to not smell the aroma of weed in the hotel, although some guests will go and enjoy the nightlife of Amsterdam and sleepily wander back to their rooms, but there have never been any problems with unruly, bothersome guests.This past time, we drove to Amsterdam, and parked our car with the hotel garage. We did not realize though, even though it is printed on the ticket, that it could take an hour to get the car! Eeek! Put a little delay in our return home, but just wanted to put it out there for those who really love sticking to a schedule.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>j1mb0b
<Content>It really depends on the room Having now been back to Amsterdam about 6 times in as many years, and tried others (the Krasnapolsky customer service was just dreadful, although the rooms and location were great), I find myself drawn back to the Pulitzer every time now. And I think I've now discovered the reason for the variety of reviews... There is a *huge* variety in the rooms in this hotel - even those of supposedly the same class.There have always been the two of us visiting and we've always asked for a double room. So it's been quite surprising to find that we were once offered a split-level room with two twin-beds upstairs; we've had a suite which was a good size but rather strangely had a sink and electric hob in the hallyway of the room (can't see many people who can afford to stay there cooking up an economy breakfast - but there you go - especially when little amuses bouches are brought round mid afternoon); the garret room had literally no space (one shelf in the wardrobe) and was very dark; the room on the ground floor had wonderful exposed brick work and a newly decorated bathroom with a heated floor. That worked very well. So a lot of it is, unfortunately, down to luck of the draw.I would recommend this hotel strongly though. The staff are almost all helpful and polite (not used the concierge but did notice the golden keys on his jacket), and the breakfasts are very good. Not eaten there in the evening, but the bar does very good cocktails in convivial surroundings and has a fine cognac selection too. The hotel's location is roughly central - and if it seems that 10 minute extra walk from Dam square is a bit far in the evening - you'll welcome the peace and quiet when you arrive back. There's definitely a good feel about the hotel.The hotel seemed to go through an economy drive during 2005 (removing things like the complimentary slippers and the welcome cookies, and not refilling the breakfast containers... Cold dregs of scrambled egg anyone?), but someone seems to have come back and got things back in order. No longer will the traveller have to experience this.The hotel's not cheap - but that's fairly typical for Amsterdam - and I agree its grip on a 5* rating is up for questions (it's a fine 4* hotel though) - but (like Amsterdam itself), I think everyone should experience it for themselves and not necessarily rely on what others have told them. I suspect you'll enjoy it.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>dawabbit
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! My husband and I live in Europe (although we are American),  travel a great deal. So when our daughter  husband were joining us for holiday, we certainly wanted a COOL, clean  spiffy place for two nights. We usually only do Amsterdam in day trips, but a co-worker of my husband's recommended this hotel. After reading the June Trip Advisor reviews (several) in which very unhappy guests were beseiged by rats, my daughter  I approaced our rooms with caution! What a surprise, though. We were in an inner room, very updated, neat, clean excellent lighting (a problem in Europe), and the best selection of high-end creams  lotions in the bathroom I had seen in a long time. We were delighted that the A/C was working perfectly, since this was during the great heat wave of '06,  our home had intererior temps of over 100. The bed was comfy, the bedding soft, the bottle of water FREE! , and even though we put our feet down very carefully in the middle of the night --- NO rats. The desk was helpful in arranging a boat tour  museum tickets for us. Since we enjoyed our stay so much, we are returning in 2 weeks with some American friends of ours. Even though we did not eat the hotel food, breakfasts of great coffee  everything else are in little shops all around the hotel for about 1/4 the price, and a lot more atmosphere. A  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycrunner5
<Content>Great Location, Nice rooms. My new wife and I just stayed there for our honeymoon, and we were impressed. The service, and rooms were excellent.The location is just great, and they have a wonderful breakfast. There are also many other restaurants in walking distance.The only thing I would not do is make a phone call or use their internet service. If you leave the hotel make a right, and then a right, and you will see a phone internet cafe that is 1/5 of the pulitzer's prices.Lastly, if you have a car that is taking you to the airport, make sure it is your designated driver, and not someone who the bellboy or conceriage has sent you, so they can get a big tip from the driver  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>er888ic
<Content>Beautifully located You take a 10 minute tram from central train station to here. I was surprise to find a hotel in Europe that offers complimentary water and apples upon arrival. The room was small but cozy. I stayed in room 212, no view, low floor and low ceiling, but feel very comfortable. Everything is new and well design for every traveler. The Internet is only 19 Euro compare to 25 in Paris. In front of the hotel is a canal with beautiful scenery, but not far away from the crowed tourist streets. The staff is very nice. The only problem is the Concierge didn鈥檛 correct my mistake to the famous windmill attraction. I thought it was located at the Edam direction; instead it was at the opposite. He did try to sell us a package, but it was too late.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TheLion
<Content>Hotel Pulitzer is a pretty hotel very well located in Amsterdam We stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer in Amsterdam for 4 nights, from August 1-5. I agree with most of the reviews that this hotel is probably not a 5 star hotel, but at the very least it is a great 4 star hotel. After all, the hotel provides robes, slippers, and turn down service, which includes fine chocolates. It also has a free gym, and a beautiful art gallery on its premises.The location is superb, as it is located right on 2 major canals. It is easy walking distance from both Dam Square and the Leidesplein, two of Amsterdam's major night life locations. There are several stores and small eateries just around the corner. It is just down the street from Anne Frank's house. Although I did not have a canal view, I still very much enjoyed the fact that the windows fully opened to a beautiful courtyard, nestled next to an old church. I found the room size reasonable, and the king size bed was in fact full sized. On the negative side, I had a room with beams that seemed to have rotted away and the room sloped down towards the bathroom.The only real negative comment I have about the staff, is that having arrived on an early flight, I was not accomodated with a room until a full five hours later. Although the hotel staff stored our suitcases, what we needed the most at that point was a qucik shower.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>phillyboys
<Content>Hotel Pulitzer, good retreat in Amsterdam We stayed in Hotel Pulitzer in July at the end of a river boat cruise on the recommendation of our travel agent, who had stayed there herself. We were a little apprehensive after reading the mixed reviews, but now we can only agree with the positive remarks on this site and fully endorse our travel agents recommendation. A good room on the interior gardens (very quiet!) 鈥?and big enough for our standards and luggae. Staff was very welcoming and accommodating despite the hectic check in (there were at least 10 other couples from the boat). The weather was superb and restaurant service took place on the terraces. Lovely! Our room was on the ground floor with direct access into the gardens (room 136). We sat there for hours in the evenings. What more do you want after a day of sightseeing and museum visits than a fine wine, a nice book and sitting on your own private terrace in a secluded garden in the middle of the old town of Amsterdam. On our days in the city we passed by plenty of non-descript American chain hotels in Amsterdam. Submerge yourself in the real city, go to Hotel Pulitzer!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClareCollins
<Content>Nice hotel but not worth 5 stars Although our stay at the hotel Pulitzer was relatively incident free (compared to others who found mice in their rooms!!!!!!) I do not think this hotel is worth 5 stars, and it is certainly very over-priced. Our room was lovely and a bit on the small side and we were given 2 single duvets on a king size bed and no tea/ coffee making facilities until we asked for them...I don't think I would stay in this hotel again, unless there was a special offer (e.g. half the mormal price!!!).  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vps5
<Content>Great Family Stay We stayed at the Pulitzer at the end of a family trip to Europe from 26 July to 29 July 2006. From our greeting by the doorman to the friendly assistance we received at the desk, our check in was a breeze. Unfortunately, on the internet I had booked two of the wrong types of rooms for our family of two adults and three teenagers, but not only did the desk person find a combination of rooms that suited our needs, but she upgraded us as well, at no additional charge. The Pulitzer is old, quirky, and charming. There were exposed beams in our canal-view room. If you want the feeling of staying in a well-maintained, clean, Amsterdam-style home in a quiet neighborhood, the Pulitzer is for you.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lklap
<Content>Mouse Motel NOT a 5 Star We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Pulitzer in Amsterdam. This hotel is rated a 5 Star....NOTThe hotel is totally run down and in need of a face lift.Our room was SO small that we had to turn sideways to get out of bed. On top of that the rug was stained, the curtains were old and torn, the sheets on the bed did not fit properly.But the worst were the mice in the room!! Upon returning from a fabulous night out, we found two mice running around. It took them about an hour to get us into another room. The tried to only give us a 50% discount, but they ended up giving us a free night. Thankfully, I unpacked the suitcast outside, as it was full of droppings!Pick a different hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>romejune2005
<Content>Rats and many other problems First of all this is NOT a five star hotel! We stayed in the Pulitzer for 3 nights and our experience was not good. When we arrived at the hotel we were informed that despite being SPG platinum members we would not receive an upgrade, fair enough. We were checked into a room but when we walked there we found out that there was already a guest staying in that room! Since we were not looking for additional room mates we went back to the lobby, we were allocated another room, when we reached this room we found out that the AC was not working. We were asked to stay in this room and wait for the engineering department to fix the AC. We politely declined saying that we prefered to be checked into a room with a functioning AC. We were then allocated a third room which was not exactly impressive but it was ok. Just past midnight when me and my wife were about to go to sleep a big rat was running across our floor. I was so upset, surprised you name it.... However when I called the reception they did not seem surprised at all so I guess this is normal for this hotel. In my book it is not normal for a hotel where prices starts at 300USD to have rats in the rooms!! We were therefore moved to yet another room half past midnight, this the duty manager insisted was an upgrade (which was not available a few hours earlier). However the upgrade was to a room without any ventilation what so ever where the air had been standing still for a very long time. Me and my wife instantly came to think of the air in the catacombs under the st peters cathedral in Rome. Anyhow we were now so tired of moving rooms and my wife is in the 7th month of her pregnancy so we did not want to walk around this hotel any more. However one staff of the hotel said herself about the air in this room(474) this is emberassing and indeed it was, then she told us good luck and left :).The next morning I called up the hotel manager and complained about our first day at the hotel and he was very appologetic and was the only person that I talked to during my stay who made any sense. He offered us complimentary breakfast and tickets for two museums. The first morning we had roomservice and before leaving our room we called room service for clearence. When we returned more than 6 hours later our trays had still not been collected and the left overs from our breakfast was now smelling really bad (this was during the July heat wave).Next morning we went down for the breakfast buffet, there was only one person seating guests during the busiest time of breakfast and a long line was building up. We were seated in the garden where probably 40-50 people were sitting. In the entire garden there was one! waiter who served coffe and cleared dishes etc. We were offered tea or coffe after 30 minutes into our breakfast and piles of dirty dishes were building up since the poor guy had no chance to clear them all by himself.Since nothing had worked out during our stay I called one day before our departure to check that the front desk were indeed aware of that our breakfast would be complimentary and this was confirmed. The next morning when we checked out the front desk was completely unaware of this and insisted that the breakfast was chargable and it took some discussion for these charges to be reversed.In general the hotel staff seems unwilling to help or to take initiative and I also think that the staff are not properly trained. This hotel has a very very long way to go before it will be worth the money that it charges. I can not believe paying 300USD a night and we were not comfortable to return to our room at the end of the day and on top of that the service is very poor. If you are considering staying in this hotel I can only say like the Pulitzer's staff told us Good Luck :)  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>KMG8
<Content>Definitely Worth a Prize! Our family stayed at the Pulitzer recently and boy, did we love it! It is a pricey place, but worth every penny. It is in a great location that is walking distance from restaurants, shops, etc. We had a great bi-level room for us and our two small children. The stairs were pretty steep, but it was a very comfortable room and the bathroom had heated floors! We would derfinitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montem
<Content>Under no circumstances a 5 star hotel You will have read from other irrate clients that this is not a 5 star service hotel. The prices are very high, even for a 5 star hotel.My problems began when i arrived early for check in- 10am. Despite being told several times over the phone that I would not have a problem getting a room with a canal view, on arrival with my girlfriend for a special stay in Amsterdam i was told that the only way of getting a room at 10am was paying an additional 30 euros. As you can imagine i refused- not a good way to start your holiday. The room was rather mediocre. Once again for 290 euros a night this room was rather depressing. Views looked out to another building almost immediatly opposite and the lack of light was depressing (no ceiling light). Their was a tray of dirty food when we arrived to the room, two hours later still there. Someone came to fill the mini-bar whilst still sleeping, fair enough, it is a job that needs to be done. However, it does take the micky that someone else knocks on the door offering the same service whilst someone is already in your room.The staff were ok, nothing amazing, once again, a 3/4 star service. To all their fairness they refunded back 1/3 of my fee, that still leaves 200 euros for the night which is still a ludicrous price for that hotel- My advise? Don't bother.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Albertm
<Content>A very enjoyable hotel We just returned from a lovely 4 night stay. The room was large, over looked the canal, and the bed was wonderful.The hotel staff was very helpful and offered service with a can-do attitude.The location was perfect away from the center of the tourist area yet easy to walk to the museums and the center of Amsterdam.This hotel is a winner!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Euroqueen
<Content>A Liittle Mouse with Clogs on !! I can only echo the review of Trip Adviser Member NY. My partner and I recently stayed at The Pulitzer. This is definately not a 5 Star Hotel. It is overrun with rodents. My partner and I had to move rooms at 2 in the morning because of rodent in room. At reception they did not seem to think this was a problem even though we were staying with our dog! We could only be downgraded for that night. Next day we were moved to another room of the same standard as the first but it also came with resident rodent. On check out we had to ask for a refund on the first nights stay we were then offered a 30% discount. This is a shabby establishment. Staff are rude, lazy, unhelpful. I have stayed at this hotel before and on reflection cannot remember a time when I have been in the lobby and a guest is not having a problem at reception.It's awful. My top tip for Amsterdam is stay at The Grand Demure Sofitel. This is 5 Star, a fabulous hotel with wonderful staff.Irritated of London.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy, Beautiful Room We actually found our room at a great discount. It was small but very cozy, there were tons of ammenities and our bathroom was quite large. The room was in pristine condition and fully updated. Our room looked out over the center courtyard. We were near the elevator so it was a little noisy at times but everyone was very friendly and the service was great. It took us about 5 minutes by tram to get to the train station. Everything we wanted to see was in walking distance. The area felt very safe and I would definitely recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jill in Florida
<Content>Excellent Facilty This hotel was excellent and very clean. The breakfast was the best we have had in our 8 trips all over Europe. The only two negatives were location, that it was a bit of a walk to the Dam sqaure or Leipzsen square, but right next to the Anne Frank house. Second the canal tour they recommend for 38 euros had very limited vison compared to the main tourist canal boats that have glass all around. They also sold us no line tickets fro Anne Frank House after 5 and Van Gough museum no line tickets, which were heloful.I would stay here again becuse of the cleanliness and breakfast, just expecting to walk more or use the more complex tram system. The taxis are expensive. Personally Amsterdam is not my favorite city, but we truly loved the hotel!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cristianonyc
<Content>luxury? a five star rat in my room ! Don't get fool by book reviews and movies, this hotel is not a five star luxury experience, it dosen't even have sanitary standards! I planned a trip with my parents who are 70yo, and I wanted to treat them with a nice experience in one of the best hotel in Amsetrdam. We were having drinks in my room when a rat walked by our feet! I could not believe my eyes! The manager said that is common in old houses by the canals in Amsterdam! Do you think that's an appropriate answer to give to a guest to pay more than 500 euros a night? Orrible experience! I never had rat in my room, not even in India! My parents were shocked! The hotel, on top of the rat, is totaly overated: the decor is standard, the room are like a sheraton hotel by any international airport, the concierge could not find me tickets for any concert in town, the staff is tired and not helpfull. Trust me save your money, this hotel it's a total joke!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ckjnewhaven
<Content>Lovely hotel... a very good choice We just returned from the Pulitzer, and we thought it was terrific. We travel often, and enjoy upscale hotels, and this is definitely in that category. We were with our 15 yr old son, so we requested adjoining rooms. We were overlooking a canal..... truly lovely. The breakfast was absolutely beautiful and delicious. No need to eat again all day.... eggs, crepes, bacon, cheeses, breads, fresh wonderful fruit, etc., etc. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CaliSteve
<Content>Nice old-style european hotel, not a 5 Star Think old Europe. This hotel is old row houses - every room is different. Mine was very small, small bathroom, and a step down from the bathroom so extreme that I had to put a chair in front of the door to remind myself so I did not fall. All of the services you would expect from a top hotel, but not the facilities.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nanami
<Content>Nice Experience We spent a night at Pulitzer basically because it was in Starwood hotels system. Le Meridien bacame a part of them but didn't seem so great... The idea of 25 canal houses redone to a luzury hotel was appealing so I went ahead with reservation even though it was a bit higher than my budget. Then I later found out how Amsterdam is a very expensive city, which made their rate decent.The hotel seemed pretty nice in the public area as we checked in. But as people who visited this property would agree, the halls are mazes. Once out of the elevator, you have to go up and down in these small stairs to get to your room. We were only there for a night so it was alright but if you are staying for a week or so, I think it would defintely get annoying. Also, it's much much harder to go through these halls with luggage! You defintely need a bellman unless you only have one small bag like I did. Our room was quite impressive. Because the elevator goes upto 5th floor, I thought we had one more floor above us. Yet this was quickly learned wrong as I entered the room. Our room had incredibly high valted ceiling! From the look of it, I'm guessing it had a attic above that was opened up when they converted it to a hotel. The high ceiling gave a feel of more space to the already spacious room. And the view! We were directly looking out to the canal with nice old charm windows. It was wonderful to sit near the window in the chairs or bed and look out at the canal. We were so tired from the trip but even if not, I'd be glad to spend time in the room we had. It was a nice experience from modern city hotels we were used to in US. Breakfast was included in all the Executive rooms so we had it. It was so so. Not great but had worse. I had breakfasts in all kinds of European hotels and many of them were much worse. I also had dinner at the restaurant and it was quite good. We were also given free bottles of water in the room and free drinks in the bar.When checking out, I was still thinking the hotel was nice but a bit over my budget, seeing the bill with restaurant charges and taxes. However, something nice happened as we grabbed our bags to leave. One of the clerks approached me and told me I had left something in the room, so wait a little until it gets send down. At first, I thought it was probably nothing important but what do you know? When he handed me the left item, the hotel suddenly seemed such a good value. It was my travel companion's wallet, filled with dollars, euros, pounds, credit cards, and last but the most important, her Green Card. We passed a housekeeping staff as we left the room and I guess he picked it up when he went to clean our room. Besides losing money, we would have a lot more than a problem coming back home without my friend's green card. And the annoying process of cancelling credit cards! We really appreciated the housekeeping staff and front desk clerk rushing to get to us before we left.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but 5 star??? We stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer on our first trip to Amsterdam. The hotel was very nice but I can't say it is 5 stars or that it is really worth the $$$$. It is very quaint and the rooms are nice enough. Our room was tucked away by the bar, service stairs, and the gym. So it was noisy and very smoky when the bar was busy. It looked out onto a very nice courtyard. The maid service and turndown services were excellent. The bathtub in the bathroom was fabulous, if you like baths. It was very close to a lot of fun things to do and plenty of restaurants/cafes. I wasn't disappointed but at the same time it wasn't any nicer than a Marriott. I did expect a little more from such a highly rated hotel and would probably stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>theresama40
<Content>Quirky hotel with wonderful staff We loved being in a townhouse in the heart of Amsterdam with a room overlooking a canal. We also loved the very warm and very helpful staff. We loved the price -- good va lue for an expensive city.Things we didn't love: Breakfast: Neither the food nor the room was up to the quality of the hotel. The quirky housekeeping: Our room was immaculate but a wine glass in the hallway stayed there throughout our stay, ignored by housekeeping. The slightly run-down air: Lots of dings in the paint and a whiff of drains in our room.And be forewarned: this is a hotel just chock full of Americans, so if you're looking to immerse yourself in a European experience, you may want to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Redhed1
<Content>A Gem After traveling for 2 weeks in Netherlands, France  Belgium, I must write a review to praise this hotel. It really has everything...location, wonderful staff and well-appointed rooms. I would much rather have a beautiful room containing absolutely everything one would need than a large, non-functional, typical, boring hotel room. In praise of the staff and the care taken at this hotel, the maid noticed that our curtain wouldn't close properly as the mechanism had broken. We received a note of apology from the manager, advising we could either call for help with the curtain or switch rooms. He then sent up a bottle of wine for the inconvenience. Needless to say, if we are ever back in Amsterdam, Hotel Pulitzer will be our home away from home.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>posterguru
<Content>Another Great Experince This was our second time staying at the Pulitzer, very clean well appointed rooms with outstanding service and hospitality. We travel all over the world, and spend alot fo time in hotels and I can honestly say, for the money , Pulitzer is a very good choice.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>theatrelabsurde
<Content>Canalside Treat We found a (relatively) great rate for the Pulitzer on Sheraton's website. The Prinsengracht property boasts a prime location for those who want a taste of romantic Amsterdam and is in easy walking distance of all museums and attractions. This is really where you want to stay in Amsterdam -- away from the Dam Square's touristy hubub and in the midst of residential high-life. Our room in the gable of a canal house was perfectly charming. The heated marble bathroom floor was truly luxurious. Try to get a room with a a canal view.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ginge66
<Content>Good for business  I've stayed at the Pulitzer 3 - 4 times now in the last 6 months, and it's been a wonderful experience each time. The only reason I don't rate it as excellent is that the size of the rooms is extremely variable, with some boasting romantic views of the canal, and others pokey views of back walls. That said, every room has character, and has been spotlessly clean and well appointed. By Dutch standards, the service is very friendly and helpful, and the hotel remains an oasis in a desert of mediocre, standardised business hotels. If you're visiting Amsterdam as a (romantic) tourist, try to get a canal facing room - unless you like to sleep with the window open...  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They mean well . . . I had some reservations about booking with the Pulitzer after reading the mixed reviews but was talked into it by my travel agent who books high end travel. I must say it is in a good location and one of the nicer hotels in Amsterdam. The bathrooms are small but like every one else said are nicely done and meet all the needs. Both the rooms I stayed in were well appointed and fine for a nice holiday room. However, we did have several issues. We were woken up by a mouse scratching at the door trying to get out of our room. Needless to say we were immediately moved to an upgraded room with a view of the canals only to find out the mini bar was broken and never able to be fixed during our stay. Also the mini bar is electronic and make mistakes at the slightest jiggle The buffet breakfast was included with our package but would have been 25 euro each if not included- which is way too high.It is one of the nicest hotels for Amsterdam but I can see where it gets spotty reviews. If you catch them right your in a 4 star hotel - if not -your going to get pot luck on some services. The hard part is that is a far better hotel than most amsterdam hotels so..... the question is what are your compromises.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>welshrosie
<Content>Okay Hotel My husband and i stayed at The Pulitzer for two nights. We arrived on 29th April 2005, Queens Day which is a National Holiday in Holland. We arrived ay 9 a.m the reception staff were very helpful, they gave us a room straight away where we were able to leave our luggage. I must say that the room was very small like a shoe box.The two following mornings when we went for breakfast we were extremely dissappointed, we waited 20 minutes to be seated,there was no hot food at all, we had to wait approx 25 minutes for the food to arrive. I must say they are very short staff. I can't say that this is a five star hotel. I have stayed at better hotels in the past.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location        Room @ turndown (slippers  chocolate)  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Figa7
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights recently. The room was gorgeous. Good, clean comfortable beds. The room was larger than I had expected - I read other reviews that said that the rooms are tiny but I thought that the room was definitely more than adequate. We had a canal view with had an enormous window that we were able to open. So we ordered a bottle of wine and watched the canal boats drift by. Perfect! The bathroom was small but perfectly formed - we had everything that we needed in there. Location is great - very quiet area and it's a short walk to the sites. Breakfast was excellent - extensive buffet.Reception staff were nice - did their jobs and were friendly - all I ask for!! Overall, I am really glad that I chose to stay at this hotel for my first stay in Amsterdam and I would absolutely choose this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Doomster
<Content>Just Outstanding An outstanding hotel in a fantastic location. I've stayed in numerous luxury hotels all over the world, and this one was one of the best. Staff could not do more to be helpful, polite and charming at all times. Rooms were spacious and extremely comfortable. A definite must-stay for that special trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cinebard
<Content>Terrific location, terrific hotel.       Hotel Room  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Double Charged! Very nice hotel. Good location and rooms very comfortable. Very relaxing stay. We had breakfast included which is of high quality.The problems?1, We were doubled-charged for our bills which was a nice treat when we returned and checked our bank statements. No sign that this was going to happen at the time of check out. It's still being resolved.2, Large number of guests are intolerent of European countries where American is not the first language. If in doubt, do try to speak the native tongue rather than shouting louder and louder.Would I stay here again? Maybe, if the double-charge gets sorted out. If not, no way!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent experience at the Pulitzer I was supposed to stay at the Hotel Pulitzer for six nights, scheduled to fly home on September 12, 2001. Even before 9/11, I found the hotel charming, my room lovely (my only complaint: the marble bathroom floor was so slick I slipped every single time I bathed), the staff was very friendly. The front desk folks were always smiling and helpful with advice, directions, etc. The restaurant was good.I ended up spending extra nights at the hotel because the airspace closed up in the US so I couldn't go home. A NY'er, I was very shaken up by the attacks, and the staff went above and beyond the call of duty. I ran out of my Rxs during my longer stay and the concierge hooked me up with a doctor who spoke English, fit me into his schedule that AM, and was just wonderful (he surmised I was not sleeping well with the stress and asked me if I needed sleeping pills). Everything I asked for, they hooked me up with, and I feld handled with kid gloves.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isvaradeva
<Content>Great Location, Okay Hotel The room was nice (marble bathroom, comfortable bed) but I was on the first floor off of Prinsengraht so it was really noisy. I do not understand why they don't have double paned glass. I could hear every time someone unchained their bicycle or merely walked by. If you stay here do not get a room on the ground level. Also, the light was out in the hallway in front of my room, but they never changed it in the three days that I was there. That is not a luxury hotel.That said, the staff was friendly and generally helpful and the location is really convenient. I would probably stay here again, but I would make sure I got a different room. To their credit, the staff did let me know that it was a louder room and offered to change it if I didn't like it but I was too lazy to move the second day.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wanderlust55
<Content>Hotel Pulitzer Has Charm I stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer on my first trip to Amsterdam and several times afterwards. I am a fussy traveler and I own up to that quite readily. The very first trip I took to Amsterdam I stayed at this hotel and I complained the entire visit about the size of the room. It wasn't until I stayed at a larger more impersonal hotel that I came to appreciate the Hotel Pulitzer.First, put aside any notion of American style hotels when you stay here. If its a large room you're after- give up when in Europe. The rooms are much smaller than I am accoustomed to, but the embroidered details in the bedding and charming wood floors and the water pressure in the bathroom makes up for any failings that the hotel might appear to have.The staff is multi-lingual and very accomadating. My first night in the hotel we did not check in until after midnight. After walking to a nearby coffee shop for a bag of smoke and returning to the hotel, we were famished. Although the kitchen was closed, the staff put together a cold plate of sandwiches and delectable cheeses and sent it up to our room without complaint.During subsequent trips to Holland, I have stayed elsewhere, but have been drawn back to this hotel over and over again. I highly recommend this hotel for the leisure traveler.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>livefully
<Content>Not what I expected My colleagues raved about this hotel. It is not at all what I expected for a luxury hotel. The noise was horrible. The walls are very thin and they gave me a quiet room. I barely slept as there is a door next to my room that was loudly used at all hours of the night and early morning. Music blasting into my room early in the morning also didn't help my jet lag. The rooms are not set up for business travellers. While the location is great, if you are hoping to get some rest after long days in the office, this is not the place to do it.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fgaliber
<Content>Good hotel and great location! I've heard good things about the Pulitzer from my friends, so I decided to stay there for New Years. The hotel was very nice, the staff was friendly, and the location was great. Like most hotels in Amsterdam, the rooms are very small. Make sure you get the Executive or better. My only real complaint is that finding your room can be a challenge. The hotel is comprised of multiple connected buildings, so you may have to find your way through a maze in order to get to your room!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Venue just returned from a 2 day business meeting at the Hotel Pulitzer in Amsterdam.I had a phantastic stay! Although my room was very small I felt very much at home in it. I had a great view on the Prinsengracht, and I liked the wooden floors and the beams. Our meeting was in the Garden room, a very bright greenhouse type of room. Food and service were excellent throughout the entire stay.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Years Eve in Amsterdam We have just returned from a 5 day New Year celebration in Amsterdam. We picked the Pulitzer after the many favorable reviews and the attractive package through hotels.com (the lowest air/hotel deal we could find from the west coast US). Altogether a great 5 days in a wonderful city and hotel in a festive mood. The hotel is full of charm, which was added to with a blanket of snow in the garden and along the canals on the first day of our stay. The concierge has incredible patience dealing with so many requests from guests trying to book a venue for new years eve (many popular places are shut on new year eve - be early!). We opted for the hotel restaurant and had an excellent meal in a very full restaurant. We had already been informed by friends that the hotel bar is one of the places to be in town after midnight so again, be early and firmly place yourself in the middle of the action! The rooms in the hotel vary considerably, and I guess it is up to ones personal taste which one fits best. We stayed in two different rooms, the first one facing the gardens. Great to recover from a long flight as there is dead silence. But on day 3 we really wanted a canal view and we had gotten to know the reception staff quite well, who assisted us greatly in finding a superb canal view room. In terms of in room facilities, both rooms were pretty much the same but nothing beats an early morning wintry / frosty view of the canals with a lonely cyclist tackling the slippery cobblestones. We will be back!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>visiting_cali_girl
<Content>I would not stay again       stains by the desk in my room  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The hotel I have just returned from my stay at the Pulitzer and I have to say It was great.As soon as you come in you feel like home, The reception staff was verry friendly and helpfull.The room was on the small side but ok Concierge I think his name was Andre he helped us finding restaurants he was verry helpfull and he can help you find all the hot spots in town!!The bed was very comfortable, the amenities are great, the heated marble floors in the bathrooms are a nice touch, especially in chilly Amsterdam. The Joordan area is the best for nice walks, unusual shops and galleries and good restaurants. The hotel breakfast is hugely overpriced, but there are lots of nice little places for breakfast in the immediate area. Amsterdam is a great city and I would definitely go back and I might give the Pulitzer antother chance when I do.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful hotel This was our first visit to Amsterdam and knowing the reputation of some areaswe tried to be careful in picking which hotel to go to.To start with the few negative points. The hotel room was a little on the small side but then what do you expect for a hotel made up of houses that have been merged together and it certainly made up with it in charm. Whilst it was in a good state of repair some parts of the hotel did feel a little tired/ dated but not enough to spoil the stay. The one poor incident was when after the cleaner had been in a tissue with pink lipstick was left next to the sink when my partner had not used any lipstick whilst we had been there. Wouldnt have been a major issue but when reporting the matter to the duty manager they said it must have been us that left it there.We ate our evening meal in their dinner one evening and whilst the food and wine was exceptional the table we were given felt as if it was in a coridor with all other guests walking within a foot of our table to be taken into the main seating area or going to the bar/ toilets.The staff, with the exception of the above incident were all very friendly and helpful. The hotel is ideally placed for all the attractions but is just far enough away from the likes of Damn Square not to suffer from the evening noise.Booking directly through the Starwoods website produced by far the cheapest price and all things considered it only just misses out on full marks.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PedroLisbon_Portugal
<Content>Quite good overall, a few glitches Since I had heard good things about the Pulitzer before and got a good internet rate, I booked without even looking at what people had written here (not my usual behavior). So I confess I was worried when I came to check what people had written here and found so many mixed reviews.Having just returned from a five day stay with my wife and 2 year old son, I must say my personal experience was very positive. The hotel is quite tastefully decorated, feeling definitely upscale without going over the top as it happens in so many luxury hotels. The Pulitzer's particular arrangement (several 18th century buildings internally linked) makes you feel you're staying at a small hotel, altough it has more than 200 rooms. Warned by some of the reviews here, I asked for a room facing the inner courtyard when I got there. It was a good choice. Absolute quiet, indispensable for my son's naps (and we stayed in a room with wooden floors, and heard absolutely nothing from neighbors - we stayed in the 4th floor, though, and maybe that's why). Rooms are indeed small by the standards of other 5* hotels, but hey, that's part of the package of staying in renovated 18th century houses. Charm comes with that price. In any case, our room had an extra bed for my son and still felt spacious enough. And the location is just absolutely perfect. 10 minutes walking from the Dam, 10 minutes walking from the shops in Leidensplan, 15 minutes walking from the Rijksmuseum, and plenty of very nice shops and restaurants in the streets crossing the canals. Without being located at exactly where the busiest places are, it was equidistant from all of them, and thus quieter and still convenient.Breakfast was excellent, the staff always courteous and helpful. And the concierge, well, it depends: we talked to at least four different people behind the desk. Some were very helpful, some slightly less so, but the difference was in degree and not in kind. Overall, no complaints here. The canl trip with Pulitzer's boat was very nice, although the skipper's/guide's dry sense of humour may not be to everybody's tastes. It was to mine.The only problems were:- the bed was not King size, unlike advertised. Just two smaller beds put together, with a slightly annoying gap in the middle. Still confortable, but could be better;- after the first three days, the turndown service ceased to exist. What happened? I wasn't bothered enough to complain, though.Overall, a very nice experience, even considering how difficult it becomes sometimes to travel with small children. The charm of the place and its perfect location are its greatest assets.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>racb
<Content>Highly recommend but read on I chose this hotel after reading all the reviews and noted the striking discrepancy between those who loved and and those how disliked it. I really liked the hotel for a number of reasons:1) the location is outstanding-- really feel being on the canals was wonderful2) I had two different rooms (one on the canal and one on the garden) and they both were great. Both were quite-- but the garden one was dead silent which made up for lack of a canal view. 3) Staff was helpful without being cloying and breakfast was great4) I felt that I paid a reasonable price for what I got. I used 1000 starwood points to get half off the rack rate--which translated to euro 235 for an executive room with breakfast. There are great deals also available to AARP members in the U.S.So i would really recommend without reservations with the following caveats:1) some folks have complained about the rooms...not sure if there are some really bad rooms in the hotel if you don't get an executive room or complain2) don't be confused by the luxury collection title. This is a high end hotel in a remarkable location but the facility may not be up to standards of some of the truely world class luxury hotels. It does serve the business community and there were several business conferences going on while I was there. Some folks may be turned off by the strange maze of hallways created by the joining of so many 17th century houses. 3) At this hotel and others during my trip I noticed that king beds mean two twins joined together..This can be uncomfortable as the bed can sag to the middle.So net net, I had a wonderful experience, loved the hotel and will go back--I interpret negative experiences as being driven by a specific room or expectations about what luxury means.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best hotels we've ever stayed in We loved everything about this hotel. ALL of the staff were friendly, helpful and made you feel welcome. For example, we missed housekeeping service one morning and received a card that said if we needed the room made up, please call Guest Services. We chose not to call. However, one of the housekeepers way down the hall noticed me putting away the Do Not Disturb sign, and our room was fully cleaned when we returned! These little touches (along with the delicious carmel waffle cookies they provided each morning) made our stay wonderful. Beds were so comfy you didn't want to get up, and the heated bathroom floors were a great idea. We liked that the hotel was comprised of multiple buildings. It was initially confusing to navigate. Yes - my husband and I both had to get directions to the restaurant, but it gave the hotel character. We travel a lot, and this was one of the best hotels we've stayed in. HIGHLY recommended.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so so Pulitzer, not a prize I recently returned from a trip and stayed at the Pulitzer in Amsterdam. This was my forth hotel in Europe during my vacation, staying at properties such as Leading Hotels and Rocco Forte brand.The property is beautiful, and quite (for Amsterdam). When I started my trip, I stayed at Hotel De L鈥?Europe. This hotel was nice, but noisy.Your front desk staff was lovely, your concierges rude and unhelpful. Your rooms without carpeting were horrible. Can you imagine staying in a room with a woman above you walking around in heals on a wood floor? What were you thinking? Even in most second rated condo鈥檚 in New York, they require xx % of carpeting in the apartment. The room鈥檚 base board was coming off the wall, and were badly scuffed around the room. I was moved to room 480, a very nice space (needs to be refreshed). Your bartender in the Pulitzer told me about a 鈥渄iamond鈥?poured Martini. I never new that existed, he was delightful. Your service in America seems much better than Amsterdam. I am not sure I would recommend the hotel/visit it again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swaffy
<Content>Great Hotel!       King room  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sarah_Bedford
<Content>Beautiful area This hotel is a number of canal houses converted into a hotel - it's on one of the quieter canals and easy to walk to the centre of town, to the museum quarter and to numerous bars, cafes and restaurants. The restaurant in the hotel is overpriced and there is a lovely restaurant with a set menu just round the corner which was great.My room had a huge bed and was right up in the attic - not particularly large but an interesting shape, and lovely views, loud church bells in themorning though! The staff were helpful until we asked about the prebooking service onto KLM flights - nobody seemed to know what the service was - although it was prominently displayed in the in-room guide.Absolutely recommend The Supper Club - a short walk and an amazing experience.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Skip room service breakfast Staff were very pleasant and helpful on arrival. Being an SPG I was uprgraded and allowed to have a late check out (4pm) The thing I found most handy about the hotel was the location. Everything is in walking distance once you get to know your way around. Room was small/compact but then I understand this is the norm in Amsterdam? Corridors are like a labyrinth. The bed was the most comfortable I have slept in a long time. I could have easily slept in!!! Turn-around was perfect. Avoid room service breakfast! At 25 Euro's this represented poor value for money. Why can't they get the bacon right over there and not 'frazzles' that passes for bacon. Not sure if it warrants 5* but a charming hotel with very pleasant staff nonetheless.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>warlok7
<Content>Great Hotel Not your usual hotel, but a fascinating design that one has to see to fully understand. If you want big flashy lobbies and rooms that nicely fit some mold of comfort, then the Pulitzer will make you complain like the others on this forum. The restaurant and bar are surprisingly good; not gourmet, but good. The rooms are European comfortable. But, the prize is the courtyard cafe. In good weather, this is an unexcelled hideaway from the big city around you.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great days in Amsterdam! We stayed at this hotel early September on the basis of the reports, and enjoyed it all the way. After a very long trip we arrived early in the hotel, hoping for an early check in. The welcome was very warm from a gracious young gentleman at the reception, but unfortunately the room was not ready yet (there were many more people trying to check in early, all Americans presumably arriving from the overnight flights like us). Waiting for our room we decided to have a lavish breakfast to get us started.We can highly recommend the breakfast, it includes everything you find in the US, but also some great Dutch additions. After breakfast the room was ready. We stayed in a room overlooking the canal at the other side of the hotel (keyzersgract). (room 262) Very picturesque and very quiet. Indeed, the rooms are not the biggest but are very well appointed with luxurious fabrics, a good hifi CD set and large TV. It really made us feel landlords of a Dutch canal house! The bathroom was equally well appointed but not oversized. Compared to some other luxury collection hotels we have stayed in before (Danielli Venice, Imperial Vienna) this hotel is more understated but I suppose this has to do with location. Amsterdam is northern europe after all. Reading the remarks about the concierge we were a little hesitant, but we found both the elderly gentleman (he apparently is the chairman of the concierge association in Amsterdam) and the young lady totally charming and very helpful in showing us the way to the well known places as well as the hidden gems, that are all around the hotel waiting to be found. They did make our visit to Amsterdam so much more special. We particularly recommend renting bicycles through them and taking one of the recommended cycle routes through town and into the countryside towards Volendam. Altogether the Pulitzer lived up to it's reputation of a high class understated hotel that wraps you in a comfortable blanket of Dutch culture that a modern built hotel simple cannot deliver!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reffin
<Content>Not what one expects After much research, I finally decided on this hotel because of its position in Amsterdam and being classed asluxury seemed an ideal choice for my daughter and I to spend a weekend as her special birthday treat. I had warned her not to expect a very large room as the hotel is situated in the old canal houses along Prisengracht, what we did not expect was a small room in the attic which had a very noticeable odour.We tracked it down to the AC.The ceiling and upper walls showed obvious traces of damp along the tapes of the plasterboard,even a puddle shaped seepage onto the top of a pelmet over a (very) small window.Obviously the roof is leaking above this gable and the AC is blasting tainted air into the room.At Reception the Night-Duty Manager(female) whose name I have noted, appeared to resent being interrupted whilst in conversation with a friend, her expression when I told her what we thought was the cause; practically a sneer of disbelief.Her solution? To spray the room! This was not acceptable for health reasons.At no point did she seem interested,I could feel my professional face about to develop. Because I did not wish to spoil my daughter's first visit, I did not pursue the matter as vociferously as I would normally, or when with my husband. When we arrived back after an evening out, the curtain fabric had obviously been sprayed with a deodouriser!!Our own solution was to keep the AC off,which was only possible because the weather grew cooler.I do not expect this level of disinterest in ANY hotel.Also, the hotel would be advised to forget the waffles, chocolate and water freebies and provide tea and coffee making facilities. In conclusion, a disappointing choice when one compares this hotel with others experienced, of a supposed lesser category.The room had one window above head height, the other at desk height and faced a wall.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tampa_Law_Guy
<Content>If only I loved Amsterdam as much as the Pulitzer Just returned from a four-night stay at the Pulitzer and I can say that we were thoroughly impressed with this hotel. We had secured four free nights at this hotel with our Starwood Preferred Guest Program. I would gladly have paid the stated rate for this hotel given the service we received.The hotel is located on one of the nicest canals in Amsterdam, in several dozen canal houses that have been refurbished and converted into the hotel. Everyone from the front desk workers to housekeeping staff to the bellhops were very welcoming and attentive. We arrived around 3 p.m. and were originally assigned a king bedded smoking room with a canal view. As we had requested a nonsmoking room, we went back down to the front desk and requested that we be given a nonsmoking room. None was available at that time, but one was in the process of being cleaned and would be ready in 30 minutes. Only caveat was that it would not be a canal view, but a garden view instead. We decided to go for that room anyway because the smoking issue is crucial for us due to health reasons.While we waited, we decided to have lunch at the hotel's restaurant, Pulitzer's. The restaurant has a lovely outdoor eating area under umbrellas. While we were having lunch, the front desk agent that had checked us in came by with the new keys and even comped our drinks with lunch. I thought that was a very nice touch and exceeded my expectations of customer service.The new room was perfect. In retrospect, we were very pleased that we ended up with a garden view room instead of a canal view room because it was so quiet in our room. We did not hear a single noise during the four days that we were there. The room was very nicely decorated, with hardwood floors, a comfortable sitting area and a nice-sized bathroom with a shower curtain(!). We received a complimentary bottle of Evian Water and two yummy carameled waffles every day, replenished without request.The housekeeping staff was wonderful and very attentive to any requests. Turndown service was a nice touch.The only part of the hotel that we felt could use some improving is the concierge. Every individual we encountered at the concierge desk did not provide us with any more information that we had already gleaned from our travel guides. If anything, they were extremely pushy about trying to get us to take one of the hotel's planned tours rather than providing us with the information to allow us to do what we had requested. There are several restaurants in the area that are worth noting. Walking toward Westkerk from the hotel, you will come across a small Spanish Tapas restuarant called El Rincon Andaluz. It will be on your right as you walk on Prinsengracht toward the church from the hotel, before you reach the church. It had wonderful food and excellent service. A bit further down Prinsengracht from the Anne Frank Huis is a great little restaurant called Spanier and Van Twist with most of its tables being outdoors along the canal. We had lunch there twice during our stay and it was very good and extremely relaxing and enjoyable to eat outdoors under the trees and watching the boats sail by. Try the quiche- it was excellent.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel if you are seeking a true luxury experience during your time in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good enough for you As I write, we are currently at this location. I went through several hotel reviews for Amsterdam hotels. Do I recommend this one? Yes.1. Location: We asked for a personal walking tour, and the hotel location worked perfectly2.Service: Did I read rudness?: I don麓t know what others are talking about, we felt at home all the time, from bellman to reception, concierge, bar, restaurant, etc. OK it麓s not a Four seasons treatment, but above average anyway3. Style: It麓s amazing what they have done, they have about 14 houses connected to work as a single place. Take the walking tour and you麓ll understand a lot of Amsterdam houses. Instead of looking at it as a maze, you麓ll come to appreciate it4. Price: We booked it through Internet and paid abou 50% of rack rate, so for the money it麓s a bargain (if you find it under $220 euros)5. Size: Yes, rooms can be anguishly small, but as we all know its the european treatment. Probably worth some extra bucks to stay in an executive room.6. Amenities: Everything you need in a room. They received us with a small gift from the manager and leave notes with the next day temperatures. Fine attention to details.7. Food: We only tried breakfast and I give them an 8. Could improve.All together it麓s a very good option and wouldn麓t mind recommending it to a friend.I understand the Amstel (Intercontinental) is much better, but get your wallet ready.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vivvy
<Content>Loved the Pulitzer       Friends outside hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SuccessJoy
<Content>A mixed review I stayed there August 17th - 20th as a tourist, based on the reviews here. My experiences were quite different from some that I read! First, contrary to some reviews, the room I had (executive) was quite large by European standards. I requested a quiet room and got room 199 which overlooked the courtyard. It was very quiet indeed. Because of my request, the room selected was carpeted which also helped rather than having a room with wood floors. But really not that much character.The concierge, contrary to reviews here, was not very helpful. Sure they get the same questions all day, but she always seemed to give the quickest answer she could and in every case was no better than if I had tried it without her.The boat tour, also highlighted here, was poor. The captain spoke very poor English and really wouldn't say much. I stood next to him to get any information, and he just wouldn't say a thing! It's a nice and quaint boat, but I would recommend using a commercial line. It was also expensive at 33 Euros each. So almost $80 (couple) for a non-descriptive 90 minute tour. Buy yourself one of the self powered boats and do it yourself!The location is certainly good, but so are many others. Breakfast came with the room which was good because I certainly wouldn't have spent 50 Euros each for it! They also nickel and dime you for a lot. Pick up a USA Today (even as a Starwood Gold member) and its 2 Euros on your bill. Use the internet in the business center - 8 Euros for 15 minutes! Add that to a 220 Euro (plus taxes) and I feel like it was a shake down.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all it's supposed to be..... I don't know what the other reviews are talking about, but The Pulitzer is definitely not a 5 star hotel. The rooms are small beyond European standards and the bathrooms are something like you would see in a Days Inn or similiar (cheap products). The worst was the beds. It was like the pushed together two ancient box springs which were doubled up instead of using a mattress. When I asked for a switch I was informed all of the beds were like that in the hotel. For 300 Euro per night I should be sleeping on a cloud! I had to ask for 3 comforters to make it bearable. They did give me a nice fruit basket to compensate for my lack of sleep and aching back. Also, the hallways were very institutional like you would find in an American elementary school (painted over cinderblocks...bizarre). Elevator was tiny and slow as well. Concierge was always flustered and could never seem to get you into any restaurants. Overall, I will not be returning. I've had much better stays at The Grand or InterContinental...  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! We stayed here for four nights in August 2005. The hotel staff was friendly and the location could not be better. The room overlooked a canal and the view was perfect. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. If you stay here, you have to have the awesome breakfast buffet.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Asiabugs
<Content>Great place to stay - full stop We stayed in the Pulitzer from Jul 28 to Aug 2 on the advice of the comments in tripadvisor about the great location. They are spot on, right in the middle of it all, but without the noise and the loud action. Staff were overly accommodating, especially the concierge and the doormen, who never got tired of our questions for directions. Our room (294) overlooked the inner garden and had all the charm of the old canal house it once was. Best of all, after a long day of visiting the sights and sitting in squeeking trams, it was quiet. All you could hear were the church bells of the Wester church. That's right, the same bells Anne Frank was listening to!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon. Everything perfect except for the gruff (echoing another review) concierge. We stayed in one of the better rooms, and it was very spacious with a sofa in front of the tv. very clean and very interesting place.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location Stayed at the Pulitzer for three nights. Room was very comfortable and very quiet. We were provided with tea and coffee facilities at request but these were not automatically replenished daily. Breakfast was excellent in a light airy restaurant.The location is superb as other reviewers commented, the hotel is located on a quiet canal but only a short walk/tram ride to the hub of the city.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelman123
<Content>Very pleasant hotel, and great location The Hotel Pulitzer is comprised of several former homes on one big block to form a bigger hotel. The hotel is filled with charm, but it can be quite a process winding your way up and down the hallways, to find your room, due to the pathways that connect the former homes.The standard rooms are very nice. They're the quaint size of the average NYC hotel, and not the room size of some of the bigger hotels in the middle of America. I chose a garrden room, only because I wanted quiet, and I did not know how much noise there might be near the canal.The queen size bed I had was split right down the middle with two separate duvet white comforters on top of the queen bed, so that two people could each have their own blanket for their own side. It was somewhat annoying, as the blanket for your side is small. But the room is very clean, and very up to date. BOSE speakers next to your bed, nice lighting, and hardwood floors. There is turndown service, great bathrobes, slippers, chocolate by your bedside.The bathroom is also clean and sophisticated, but small. The marble floor is heated! There is a mini-bar with motion sensors, so don't take anything out if you don't want to be charged.The concierge of the hotel is hit or miss. Some of the staff is very courteous, others are somewhat stuck up. They did recommend buying a ticket in advance to Van gogh Museum, and I was able to buy it there. Great advice, because the museum is mobbed with ticket buyers. There is usually a wait to get help at the concierge desk.Hotel Pulitzer is incredibly close to the Anne Frank House Museum...but further away from the center of town. But everything is within walking distance. Ultimately, a hotel I would stay at again, and highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Imperfections Forgiven --- We Had a Very Pleasant Stay My son and I just returned from a one week stay at the Hotel Pulitzer and a father/son pre-college trip to Amsterdam. The hotel is centrally located on a quiet street, directly on one of the major canals and surrounded by lovely neighborhoods with shops and many excellent cafes and restaurants. It is a very short walk to the Anne Frank House and close to yet far enough from the bustling city center and Dam Square area. We had an executive room on the top (5th) floor with wooden floors and a nice view of the canal. The room was very comfortable, but not really luxurious. The hotel is a series of very attractive inter-connected canal houses and has a charming European ambience. There is a beautiful sculpture garden, which is an extremely plesant setting for a late afternoon drink when the weather is nice. The staff was courteous and efficient, though the concierge seemed a bit slow to respond to requests for dinner reservations. By the end of the week, I was booking restaurant reservations myself to avoid feeling aggravated. The week we were there, the vast majority of the guests seemed to be American. I would likely stay here again and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to a friend.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bear2428
<Content>Fab Hotel Stayed here with 5 girlfriends for one night last weekend, we booked two rooms with 3 beds in them.The rooms were a good size and the extra bed they gave us was very confortable, we booked via the internet and the price we got was excellant.My only grumble is the very expensive bar, 6 drinks 60.00euro's which I thought was very expensive.Overall a great place to stay slightly out of the hussle and bussle, but well worth the short walk  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel I know this is meant to be a 5 star hotel, but it feels more like a 4. But it's in a good location, over looking a canal and about 10 mins walk to the main Dam square. The rooms are not huge but big enough, but they have been put together nicely and there are a lot of nice touches. We didn't eat in the hotel but the staff were very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is the place to stay My wife and I stayed four nights at the Pulitzer a couple of weeks ago. I don't know if its standard practice or we just looked like beautiful people but we had a spacious, stylish canal view room just one floor above the bar. I think the location is excellent, easy walking distance to main attractions but not surrounded by the crowds and the hop on/off boat stops about two minutes away. The bar is cosy and well run, breakfast was fresh and plentiful and all the staff were pleasant. If you can afford to stay at the Pulitzer don't bother with anyting else  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twestover
<Content>Great hotel in Amsterdam We stayed in room 503 at this very nice hotel. The staff was attentive (though the concierge could be a bit gruff), and the breakfasts were out of this world! Be sure to get a rate that include breakfast - it will keep you going all day! The rooms that end in -03, are in an old warehouse building and are so cool! Brick walls, hardwood floors, windows that open on to the canal. They are executive rooms, but are worth the money and worth asking for that specially. Room 502 is interior, but also charming. We loved the local of this hotel, easy walk to most everything but away from the craziness. You can be crazy and come home to quiet!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShawnF
<Content>Upscale Place To Stay I stayed at the Pulitzer on July 16th, 2005. This was my second stay at the hotel. Overall, I like this place. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an upscale place to stay in the heart of Amsterdam. I will try to organize my thoughts below in terms of PLUS (things I like) and MINUS (things I did not like) about the Pulitzer.PLUS* historic property with lots of character* modern rooms* a certain panache; well deserving 4 star hotel* location: right on the canal, nice neighbourhood, short walk to restaurants and shoppingMINUS* price - I find the room rates to be expensive* parking - if you have a car, you will park it offsite - valet parking was 40 euros for the one night* service was lacklustre all around. Don't expect exceptional service from front desk, concierge, porter, or valet. Although they WILL expect a tip.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Heptafon
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location but slightly overrated.       The 2nd room: TV  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NikiC
<Content>Nice Hotel In A Perfect Location But Not A 5 Star! We were on our last few days of a 2 week trip starting in Paris and picked hotels according to location. Wanting to be within walking distance of most everything. We were happy with the location, room was on the small side.faced nothing (we got a good internet rate) bed was not a king or queen for that matter (comfortable), amenities were there but not Starwood quality, all in all good, however, what did turn us off...the prices at the bar and the fact that they make you pay for a newspaper and don't tell you till you check out...can you imagine the Four Seasons doing such a thing but then again it is no Four Seasons. Do yourself a favor and eat at the DE PRINS, out the hotel turn right, 2nd bridge make left, great for eating anytime of the day except they don't open before 10:00a.m.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>martina83
<Content>Lovely and child friendly! We have stayed in this hotel twice now (most recently in July 2005) and been very pleased. Both stays were with 2 rooms and we were all very comfortable and enjoyed the uniqueness of each room. Our rooms on the back side of the hotel were closer to the nearby church, so bells could be heard, but it did not disturb our rest. The second stay was canalside (4th floor) and absolutely beautiful! I would highly recommend the upgrade. We even had one room with a loft that had 2 single beds! Travelling with a 2 year old can sometimes be a challenge, but she was given just as warm a welcome as we were - including a trip to the back office to retrieve a coloring book and crayons. The restaurant has high chairs and there is even a child's swing in the courtyard! Will definitely be returning to the Pulitzer on future trips to A'dam!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not happy The entrance is nice, staff seemed welcoming and the view over the canal was lovely (room 280). The room has beautiful furniture and it's charming by traditional European standards. Now the problems are: my bed sagged, so it was uncomfortable for two people to sleep together, furniture and bathroom seem to be cramped in little space, the corridors are somewhat laberinthic, there is some AC or pipe noises in the room at night. Breakfast is OK.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Louise068
<Content>Great location, but not a deluxe 5 star! This hotel is in a great location for exploring Amsterdam on foot.My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Pulitzer in an executive room. The first room we were given had someone else in it! It looked very small and dark so we were quite glad we had the chance to get another room. We had a canal view room that was reasonably spacious although the bathroom was on the small side. We had no problems with noise (we were on the 4th floor) and housekeeping did an adequate job.Breakfast was included in our rate and was well worth it. Breakfast does not finish until 2.30 pm at the weekend so you could have this as a brunch and set yourself up for the day.Pulitzer boat trip was good and the guide was excellent.Hotel bar is VERY expensive - 2 doubles cost us 38 euros!!!!! Try the local bars and restaurants for a quarter of the price.I think this hotel is a little over priced and not 5 star/deluxe but OK for a one off weekend.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Will go back any time We spent last weekend in Amsterdam. We wanted a good downtown location so opted for the Pulitzer. The room we were given was overlooking the inner garden, which was perfectly nice and quiet. Whilst we have seen bigger rooms in luxury hotels in the US and Far East, for European standards it was of a good size and very ell apointed and functional, something you don't see everywhere. Since the weather was so good lunch and dinner were served in the garden as well (which we didnt join since we had other plans).Staff, especially porters and concierge, were extremely helpful in assisting with our plans, which were disrupted due to a rail strike on the first day of our stay. All in all, the location can't be beaten and with the uniqueness of the architecture and the helpful staff, Pulitzer gets a thumb up!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suefish
<Content>What a Disappointment! I just assumed if a hotel is listed as Five Star and is a member of the Starwood Luxury Collection that one can expect a good experience. We had anything but that at the Hotel Pulitzer. Although the location and architecture is superb - the rooms are poorly maintained, the staff is snobbish. Even housekeeping didn't live up to the standard we would have expected. The curtains in our room were filthy and the walls were desparately in need of a paint job. Beware if you have a canal view room. Every weekday morning at 5:45 a.m. the linen service truck makes a delivery using equipment that is so loud it jolts you out of a deep sleep. The noise goes on for at least 30 minutes. The manager on duty told me this happens every morning and there is nothing they can do about it.I think Hotel Pulitzer is over rated.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Rajrouj
<Content>I wish I could say perfect... Great location, lovely architecture, good breakfast, A1 staff, but... tiny rooms, not enough closet space, microscopic bathroom; in short, not worth the price, despite the upgrade to executive with canal view. If you do stay there, the boat trip with the hotel's boat is definitely worth it, the captain a great guide !  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a great stay!! Stayed at the Pulitzer for business at the beginning of June 2005.The 'Executive' room I got was small and rather basic. Not even an internet connection!Breakfast for Euro 20 was OK!The location is great! But the service patchy!I do not believe it deserves to be in the 'Luxury Collection' of Starwood.Might be a good place for tourists, but try another place if you are in Amsterdam on business.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better Nice Hotel Great location but could have been better  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smooshie
<Content>Exceptional location, charming, friendly staff       Picture perfect!!!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SharonHD
<Content>Charming hotel My partner and I stayed at the Pulitzer in October last year. The room was lovely, beautifully decorated, comfy bed and pretty bathrooom, we didn't have any view from the window (aside from a brick wall) but this didn't concern us as we were out sightseeing most of the day. Staff were professional and courteous at all times and most helpful when booking tours or enquiring about tram routes etc. The bar had a nice atmosphere and the staff there were very friendly and service was anticipated. Would recommend this hotel to others, a relaxing place to come back to after a long day out.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderfull place to stay We had 4 nights in this hotel and i have to say it was simply superb.The room we had was a luxury, it had wooden beams and floors and the most fantastic views over the canal. The staff without exception went out of their way to be helpfull and provide that little bit extra to make your stay special. Especially the bar staff in the pulitzer bar...they were very entertaining as well as helpfull.The hotel has a wonderfull garden area in the centre of the building for lunch or just chilling with a beer.Food was a little expensive but worth it for quality...especially the club sandwiches and the butterballs.The hotel is 5 mins walk from dam square and ideal for viewing the city. The concierge arranged all of our excursions and was most helpfull. Also you must take the boat trip on the hotels private boat. The captain is an expert on the city and very entertaining.All in all i cannot recommend this hotel enough...Five stars.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Pulitzer, Amsterdam--Massage, Food, Etc. I stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer over Easter weekend. While my room was small and rather dark, the hotel is in a great location and convenient to all. There is no spa at the hotel, but while wandering around near the Anne Frank House I discovered Body Healing by Ronen massage  body care. Ronen is originally from South Africa and he was very professional--plus his price for a massage was about 1/2 the price of two other day spas I later checked out. His website is ---- and he is located at Eerste Bloemdwarsstraat 1. ----A couple of food tips--there is a huge foodmarket near the Magna Plaza (close to the Hotel). Great for picking up a snack and you can find those wonderful cookies (stroopwaffels) like the ones they leave in your room at the Pulitzer (you can't get the exact brand they give you in the hotel in USA so if you find them there, buy them!) Also, if you walk out of the hotel's front door and go left. On the right side of the canal on a corner about two blocks down is a take out place that sells authentic Dutch food. I couldn't read the menu but since the food is right in front of you it's easy to point at what looks good.Lastly, I don't know if it was just because I was there over a holiday weekend, but the stores seemed to close very early. I hardly did any shopping as by the time I got back from sightseeing nothing was open. If you have time to see a movie, make sure it's at the Pathe Tuschinski Theatre, an art deco masterpiece. It's near Rembrandtplein at REGULIERSBREESTRAAT 26  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Newcast_eUKK_2
<Content>We had a small "delux" room with no storage What previous reviewers said about the location of the hotel is correct. It is in easy walking distance of all major sites, yet in a nice, relatively quiet canal setting. (Watch out for the cycleists when you are walking - they are deadly!)We booked a delux room. This turned out to be very small with a very small bathroom. My partner complained that there was nowhere to sit and do her make-up, cloths storage was extremely limited and we lived pretty much out the suitcase for the 3 days we were there. It would appear that all delux rooms are small - the larger rooms are the executive rooms, and of course the suites.Having said that, the furniture in the room was nice, the bed was extremely comfotable, the staff were efficient and the hotel is clean. Luckily the weather was good and we were out most of the time. Had we had to use the room more it would have been less fun.If you add breakfast to your hotel stay at Euro 25 per person it becomes a fairly expensive stay.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Pulitzer for a long weekend in mid April. We were lucky to be upgraded to a suite overlooking the garden, and it was truly exquisite. The service was friendly and efficient, and the quality of the room furnishings and bathrooms were first class. We splurged and took a cruise on the Pulitzer's private yacht on Sunday and it was very pleasant and informative. The location between the Prinsengracht and Kaisergracht is perfect for strolling the canal ring, the Nine Streets and de Jordaan areas, and you can be in Dam Square, Leidseplein and the RLD in a short walk. Treat yourself to a stay at this great property!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful 3 night stay We stayed at the Pulitzer for 3 nights in March and had a wonderful first experience of Amsterdam.Firstly it is within walking distance of nearly all attractions and set in the middle of two canals adds to the ambiance. The hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful, always available and courteous but unobtrusive too. Our room, although small, was lovely and we felt happy not to be in a hotel where every room is identical- it really was charming. Breakfast was included in our deal and it was fantastic-in fact the whole price was a good deal.We would certainly visit the Pulitzer again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it I read all of the reviews before my trip and used the advice on the room. It seemed some liked the canal view while others wanted the quiet courtyard view. I called the day before and requested a canal view since that's more important to me and they honored the request (didn't promise it though). It wasn't noisy to me but I live in NYC. We booked an internet only deal (no changing possible-only do this if you're sure on the dates) that included breakfast and drink at the bar one night. We arrived at 9:30am thinking we'd have to wait to check in but the room was ready-so our early check in phone request also paid off. The room was lovely-not huge but just right. Brick walls, big arched window looking onto the canal. Staff was great, room was great and the location is perfect. As far as it being part of the luxury collection- It is not the St. Regis and this is an old property with uniqueness, character and a total european feel. If you want american style everything you may not be happy, but if you want to have both the conveniences of a luxury hotel w/ the charm of Holland, go for the Pulitzer-or maybe don't so it's available for me next time...  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Booking agent did not give correct information Six friends and I stayed at the Sheraton Pulitzer in August as the last stop on their European holiday. Although the hotel itself was very nice, there were a few problems. First, I made the booking by phone which turned out to be a big mistake since I didn't have written proof of what the agent had told me. She said that breakfast was included in our plan, so the first morning we ate there. The breakfast was delicious, but certainly not worth 25 Euros which we were charged. When I tried to explain to the staff that we were told that breakfast was included, everyone told me that I must have misunderstood - no one would even acknowledge the possibility that the Sheraton booking agent actually made a mistake. The second, and more serious, problem was that there was a huge concert taking place on a makeshift stage set up just in front of the hotel. This blocked off the street, forcing our taxi to drop us off a block away. That was no big problem, but on Saturday, the day of the concert, the hotel was mobbed with people attending the concert. Throngs of unsupervised children ran at will through the bar, preventing us from having a quiet drink and conversation. When I complained about this noise, the person at the desk said, certainly you were told about this concert and the disruptions it would cause when you booked. Once again, I had not been told. We were able to hear part of the concert from an upstairs hallway window - tickets were impossible to obtain - even for hotel guests. I would stay here again - the location is hard to beat - but I would not even consider staying during that concert weekend.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whistler2005
<Content>just perfect this hotel is truely the best in amsterdam and an enjoyable place to stay. This is the 3rd time my wife and i stayed there and this time was flawless as usual. We had a big room and our own little private terrace with private entrance, our 3 pound little dog just loved it and felt like home immediately. The staff is just great and they bend over backwards to assist, i honestly cant find anything bad to say about the pulitzer and staff given the price/reward ratio. In fact by looking @ price/reward i find the Pulitzer to be in the highest category of 5 star hotels ive been to... truely a bargain. Location just cant be beat.... you want to be on prinzen/heren/kaiserstraat simply bcs its a true pictoresque neighborhood and best of all is close to everything and anything. This place is killer and happy to return shortly...  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay We have just returned from a very enjoyable weekend in Amsterdam. We stayed in Hotel Pulitzer. Location is excellent, all major sights within walking distance and the Jordaan quarter starts at the doorstep. The room was comfortable, very quiet (take a garden facing room. It has a great and typical Amsterdam view and - best of all - no traffic noise!) with nice extras (cd player with soothing music, heated bathroom floor). The concierge was most helpful in sorting out our return ticket confusion (caused by BA). We only used the restaurant for breakfast, which was very elaborate and lasted us until dinner. The waiter told us the garden terraces will be out early April. We wil have to come back as the beautiful (even in late winter) garden is probably the best kept secret in the city!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LauraJHodson
<Content>small, but perfectly formed Stayed here for a well needed 3 night break over the christmas period (26th-29th december 2004)The building is charming and the intricate walk up and down the corridors to your room is a delight provided you have no mobility issues. The room itself was well appointed and luxurious in a discrete sense- exposed brickword, glossy floorboards and heavy curtains. The size of the room we were first appointed to(standard, facing other buildings) would bring about claustrophobia in anyone who felt they needed space on the floor to both put their bags down and move around...needless to say, we asked for a 'tour of the available rooms' and were obliged- and relocated to a room with a canal view that was slightly larger, although we were shown other much larger rooms, these were down a tunnel of corridors which necessitated going past the restaurant (and then some more).There were some pleasant touches- there is an alarm clock with a cd player, chocolates and other pleasantries left beside the bed, a bath which expels water from three different sources and so forth.Location- a 5-10 minute walk from the following:A large shopping centre and market place, tram stops, the grand krasnapolsky, dam square, Anne Frank's house. Further afield by tram you can find the Van Gough. There is plenty to do- we enjoyed our trip to the zoo, which was very easy to rech by a tram stop close to the hotel. The concierge helped us with this- they always proved themself to be courteous and informative.The brakfast room was gorgeous-they had some lovely breads. Ignore the idiot who complained in a previous review about the orange juice machine making a noise- you will find several freshly squeezed juices already prepared by the attentive staff and I can't say I heard anything worth mentioning!Now, in terms of value for money- we paid 拢168 per night (per room, including breakfast) and were hoping for something rather special. Perhaps our expectations were too high, but we didn't feel, on reflection that the hotel merited such an amount when other perfectly good hotels were available for half the price. If you feel quite comfotable parting with around 拢6 for a gin and tonic from the in-room then cheers and enjoy but I tend to opt for more ecomical options ( you can always knock yourself out a bottle or two of 3 euro '98 spanish red from the local equivalent of a rather diverse primark as we did)We had a really fantastic time, but I can't say I would return to the hotel again, as for all its character it was essentially just a slightly above average hotel in a nice location.We value the reviews submitted on tripadvisor and use them to inform our choice of hotel, and hope our feedback is of assistance to anyone considering a trip to 'dam.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous - Everyone EXTREMELY friendly We stayed at the hotel Feb 4-6, 2005 as a 50th surprise birthday for my brother in law. The staff was extraordinarily friendly and helpful......especially Esther at the concierge desk. The room was beautiful with a gorgeous canal view. Even a heated floor in the bathroom! Extremely comfortable bed and pillows.....best we've had at a hotel in years. Would go back again in a heartbeat. Thanks to all.   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel Stayed for 3 nights last week. Found all the staff very friendly. We had a standard room, which had a safety box, mini bar, tv etc. Bathrobes provided in the bathroom. The only complaint we have with the room was the lighting- romantic - but difficult to search through the suitcase at times! Each evening, on our return to our room, we had a turnback service, with chocolates on the pillow, along with the next days weather forecast with throwaway slippers provided next to the bed, and gentle music playing on the cd player . We didn't eat in the hotel other than breakfast which was included in our package. Wouldn't pay 25 euros for it, but you can fill up for the day on the amount of food available. There are plenty of restaurants/ bars close by and walking in the evening, with the lights on the canals it was worth eating out of the hotel anyhow. Within easy reach of so much, we walked everywhere. Close the Anne Franks house and the canal stop. I would love to stay there again should I make another visit to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You can't have it more Amsterdam! Just returned from a weekend at the Pulitzer. I don't understand all the negative comments on this site. You cannot find more charm in a hotel. Yes, it's a maze, but that is just the fun of it. The staff was very nice, with the exception of the bell staff, who have a tendency not to see you. The restaurant staff is top. The restaurant is expensive, but very nice, great service and good food. My room was not big, but comfortable; the bathroom very small, but I loved it. It has everything you need and is very nicely decorated. I surely will return to the Pulitzer!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Andrew_Archer
<Content>Don't be deceived At your service? 3 attempts before a pick up. Room service? It took 45 minutes to russle up a burger and chips, which was so disgusting I couldn't touch it - limp chips and bad cheese.Could I get some ice to have with my drink, please? Yes, in about 40 mins.Turn down service arrived promptly at 7:30, the only good thing about my stay was the chocolate they left.The room was shabby and the bathroom absolutely tiny, although the view JUST about made up for it (it was picturesque, but nothing fantastic). The furniture was old, ugly and all together uncomfortable. I was on the Priznengracht side and the windows didn't hold much of the sound out, making for a fairly disturbed sleep.Luxurious? Don't make me laugh. There is absolutely NOTHING commensurate with this hotel being a part of the Starwood luxury chain - I've stayed in better motels.If you're looking for a good Starwood hotel in Netherlands, try Westin Rotterdam. They are SUPERB.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming but Tired On our recent trip to Amsterdam, we sampled three hotels for future travel. The Pulitzer was recommended as a 5-star accomodation as part of the Starwood Luxury Collection. As with most of the other reviews posted on Trip Advisor, we were pleased with our room but is more of a 4-star hotel in a convenient location with easy acces to Dam Square and Museum district. The hotel service and staff were very freindly. The special on-line price of 215 euros was worth it, but would probably not stay here again. Visit the Pancke Bakery nearby for a unique breakfast experience.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller10101
<Content>Nice but disappointing Like many other reviewers I have mixed feelings about my stay at the Pulitzer. Stayed there for 3 nights on August 2004, after a lot of checking. Booked the more expensive larger rooms(Executive) 260 Euro including breakfast. Mind you the Deluxe rooms are the standart rooms. The room was large and comfortable but not fine, the bath was very nice but small. Had a garden view. The long trips to the room did not bother me. Very nice breakfast, the staff was very efficient but not at all friendly, kind of cold. The late night meals we ordered to the room were very disappointing. Almost uneatable. The location is great. Very close to attractions and quiet.It鈥檚 a nice hotel but not what I had expected for that price. We were a little disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HotelGourmand
<Content>Beware: Hotel is a joke I have stayed here twice, but won't be coming back.The front desk staff are rude and we all agreed that the rooms needed renovating.You need a map and a guide to find your room as the hotel is a bizarre maze. Go to Blakes if you can handle the attitude.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DairyQueen
<Content>Rude staff, stay somewhere else! We were planning to stay at this hotel but our flight was cancelled due to a malfunction of the plane. This malfunction made us cancel our trip to the Netherlands. Every other hotel in the Netherlands agreed to refund our money, but not this one. They made no effort whatsoever to show any understanding or compassion. In fact, they were very rude and nasty to us when we tried to explain the situation to them. We even provided them with proof that our flight was cancelled and they still didn't care, they just kept saying that it is company policy. In fact, when we talked with Starwood about this policy, they actually told us that it was up to the local manager to make the determination. So, stay away from this hotel, the management is aweful and rude.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelLovinMan
<Content>That Was Then, This Is Now.... I guess I just don't have the proper appreciation for the difficulty in joining 20 odd canal houses together to make a hotel. Or maybe it was just my expectations of what I would find in the way of a five star property. But in any event, I was underwhelmed with the Pulitzer. Not that it's a bad hotel. It's just not 'Luxury Collection' material. The room I had was very large for Amsterdam. In fact, there are many apartments that are considerably smaller (okay, so I peeked in the windows of way too many apartments as I walked along the canals). The bathroom was nice (big tub, heated marble floors), hotel room was relatively quiet, and the staff was very friendly, though a bit lacking in their knowledge of restaurants. The place is just very disjointed. No central lobby to speak of. Horrible art. I mean awful. You have to jig and jog (and jig and jog) to get to the only bar/restaurant (both of which are nice/just okay). And heaven help if you need to go to the bathroom while at the bar/restaurant (over the river and through the woods, to grandmother's house we go...). Would definitely stay here again, but only if I get a very good deal. Starwood?? Are you listening??  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrissyf
<Content>Charming, But Not Luxurious The Pulitzer is located very centrally to the museums, bars, and anne frank house. The service (especially the room service) was terrific. However, the hotel appears very worn down and in need of a massive renovation. Moreover, the deluxe rooms are tiny. We booked a junior suite which was also very small and very worn down. The hotel was very accomodating and upgraded us to a better suite, which was perfect. However, our traveling companions who booked the deluxe room were not satisfied. If you are on a budget and are thinking about booking the deluxe rooms - I would opt for another hotel with more spacious rooms. If you have the option, book the larger room and expect charm but not luxury!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappoitment I have stayed here several times in the past, in the front part of the hotel, but this time was very disappointed. The original room we were shown was awful, in the attic and a bathroom so small you couldn't stand in the shower or even get to the loo. Hardly a 5 start experience. We requested a room change, and the staff were very helpful and let us see 2 more rooms, tho hardly any nicer but at least you could stand up in the shower. The back part of the hotel feels very shabby, and is definately not a 5 star standard. Overall, despite it's great location, I am not sure I would consider staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MicheleParis
<Content>Sheraton Pulitzer 4* but not 5 We just stay in Amsterdam this week end. It was my 5th visit in Amsterdam but my frist stay at the Pulitzer. Thanks I got a special price endless week end wich make the price for the room at 215 Euros the night. It was a Deluxe room (normal rate 450 Euros). Thanks I did not have to pay this price !! room was OK but the bathroom is so tiny that 2 people could not move. No hairdryer !!! I you want a canal view they charge you 30 Euros per night (which was not mentioned in the Starwood hotel reservation). Anyway. Location is nice, bar is nice, staff friendly but I'd rather put my money in another hotel next time. However, people should know that the rating in Amsterdam is different. I have experienced Renaissance Amsterdam and I was very disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minniemouse
<Content>Repeat visit a bit disappointing, but still has charm We just got back from a stay at the Pulitzer September 21-24, 04. We had stayed there in 2001 and loved our room, which overlooked the Prinsengracht Canal. We booked the same room. I had several emails with the hotel reservation agent and I guaranteed the room with my credit card. When we arrived, the reservation clerk insisted we had not guaranteed the reservation and our room was no longer available and the hotel was overbooked. I insisted that I had guaranteed the room with my credit card and she did give us a room that overlooked the same canal, but was in a different building and wasn't as nice as the room we had reserved. I called the reservation agent the next morning and she offered us a different room, but it was no nicer than the one we were in, so we declined. They did nothing to compensate, such as offer us a free breakfast at least, which I thought would have been appropriate. We were a bit disappointed, but still, the hotel is very nice, and the location is great. The bed was very comfortable, the amenities are great, the heated marble floors in the bathrooms are a nice touch, especially in chilly Amsterdam. The Joordan area is the best for nice walks, unusual shops and galleries and good restaurants. The hotel breakfast is hugely overpriced, but there are lots of nice little places for breakfast in the immediate area. Amsterdam is a great city and I would definitely go back and I might give the Pulitzer antother chance when I do.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>judymol
<Content>Great location, Nice Staff, but, 5*??? We used our Sheraton points for our entire stay and upgraded from the initial room given us which was very tiny and a little shabby. It was only 40E more a night to get a large room that was quite nice. The staff was very accommodating in helping us and showed us three rooms to pick from. We sat out in their little garden which was charming --- We each had 2 drinks and our bill was 40E. That was the last time we did that. Also, breakfast was way over priced... The concierge was very helpful and suggested some great places to eat. We had a walking tour our first day (just my husband and myself) arranged by the hotel and he was great. Learned a lot about the hotel itself which explains why the hotel rooms and the hotel itself looked different by wing. Did not really get a chance to check out the other 5* properties so really can't compare. It wasn't a stuffy hotel and the staff was very friendly and nice ambiance. But, don't feel it is a 5* property.All in all, we enjoyed our time there and loved the location, but, if we had to pay rather than use points - would we? NO.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stray
<Content>Three star at best My daughter and I just returned from a four night stay at the Pulitzer and were very disappointed. I had searched for a good hotel at a rate of up to $300 a day and after much research decided on the Pulitzer. Big mistake. Our room was tiny, and the bath was small too. The public areas were somewhat dingy and showed a lot of signs of hard wear. Even the bath towels were worn and becoming stringy. Speaking of such, the maid did not replace shampoo, conditioner, etc, after the second night. You had to put a sign on the bed if you wanted your sheets changed, and put your used towels in the tub if you wanted fresh ones. The minibar was one of the kind that you have ten seconds to replace a drink, otherwise it is automatically charged to your room. There was a charge of about $5.00 to access the ATT operator from your room.The front desk staff were pleasant, but the concierges seemed about to scream if one more person asked them the same questions (that is even after a decent tip). We saw a lot of tour groups in the hotel and that might have effected the staff attitude. The breakfast buffet was fine, if it is included in your room cost. Otherwise for 20 Euros, you could do much better at one of the nearby coffee shops. As has been mentioned in other reviews, the location of the Pulitzer is excellent, and in easy walking distance of many attractions. Amsterdam is a great walking city, so unless you are out of the Centrum, you should be O.K., that is, if walking is not burdensome.In summary, I would not spend the money to stay at the Sheraton Pulitzer, and would hope that this is not typical of Starwood luxury properties.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location; friendly staff; not quite a 5 star We stayed at the Pulitzer for a couple of nights. The hotel is in a great location in Jordaan and sits between 2 canals. Staff are very helpful and friendly. If the weather is good, there is a peaceful garden at the centre of the hotel. However, parts of the hotel are really on the shabby side, particularly some of the common areas byond the lobby - not what you'd expect of a 5 star hotel; and you can't help feeling they could create a bit more character out of the very promising start of a set of canal houses. Our room, though well-appointed and with views of the canal, was on the small side and did not justify the cost. All in all, a safe hotel but lacking in the touches and details that you'd expect at the price, hence the average rating.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CraigJ
<Content>Loved the Pulitzer Stayed at the Pulitzer for 3 nights, the first week in September - very nice hotel - our room was a little small, but very well appointed - I had requested a garden view room which was granted - no view but the room was very quiet - the location of the hotel is perfect as it's in an upmarket residential area of Amsterdam - close to restaurants and cafe's and a short walk to Dam Square - don't bother with breakfast at the hotel - there are plenty of small cafe's with great breakfasts, close by for a fraction of the price  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Redmadrid
<Content>Luxury with a smile A touch of luxury but delivered with good humour and without the 'stuffiness' you might expect from such a renowned hotel group. Great location in one of the prettiest parts of Amsterdam, surrounded by excellent restaurants and bars. The room was spacious and beautifully furnished. Breakfast was a real event and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We would have no hesitation in returning to the Pulitzer or in recommending this great Hotel to others.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pulitzer Hotel WOW! The Hotel Pulitzer for Queen's Day was the best experience imaginable!! The Hotel is exquisite, clean and the staff is not be be beat. OUr room overlooked the canal and were were able to see the parade of boats on the water from our double wide windows. It is a Sheridan, but you would never know it. Very European and unlike a chain. We were there for Queen's day (Like USA's Fourth of July and Mardi Gras combined). Everyone was well-behaved and partying. It was a blast. The Museams are awesome (Van Gogh, Rikjsmuseam, etc.) The Heineken Experience was just OK. The best was the Kuenenhoff Gardens in Lisse. The tuplips were in bloom, along with agazilion other beautiful bulbs. Meticulous grounds that would take your breath away. The trams are fun and easy to take around the city. The trains are clean, fast and safe to take you to Lisse and the Hague. People are sweet and friendly. PLUS, they were filmingOceans 12 at the Pulitzer with Brad Pitt and George Clooney. What else can I say? Go. Go, now!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>London34
<Content>A lovely hotel in a brilliant location A lovely, luxurious hotel. We got a good deal on Expedia and when we were there we upgraded to a superior room. We had lovely views of the Prinsengracht from our three huge windows. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and a gleaming bathroom. The staff were very smiley and approachable. Just a shame they don't throw a continental breakfast in for the price. If they had I would have given full marks.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bax52
<Content>Good The hotel is very nice, but not great. Not as good as the Amstel in Amsterdam.The service is excellent, not stuffy. Very friendly and quick. Just about right.The location is brilliant. In a nice, quiet and upmarket part of Amsterdam, but only a few minutes walk from the nightlife.The rooms are quiet, but ours was a little small. Seems to be quite a variation in the rooms as the hotel is made from old canal houses. I considered asking for a bigger room but decided not too. We had a garden view roomBreakfast was way overpriced and poor. For the price charged and the 5 star rating, I didnt appreciate the self serve buffet. You have to make your own toast and fetch your own coffee. Avoid. Go to a local cafe. Far better bet.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - take a garden view room! We stayed at this hotel early May. We used our SPG points to get an upgrade and stayed in a large room with a beautiful view of the Keizers canal. Unfortunately rooms on the canal can be a bit noisy with the traffic and as my wife has difficulty sleeping with traffic noise we asked for a room move. The receptionist was very helpful and showed us 2 large rooms overlooking the gardens. Both were suitable, we opted for an attic room with lots of character, wooden beams etc. You even had to get there via a passage way created across part of the roof! We found the staff courteous and helpful and felt the hotel was just what we needed to get a good feel for the city. Location cannot be beaten, staff and services are good. A good bar to sit back and relax after a long day. We only used the restaurant for breakfast, which was good and filling with plenty of choice.   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MBLMcLean_Virginia
<Content>A great week My 16 year old son and I spent 6 days Easter week 2004 at the Pultizer. We arrived very early in the morning (7:00) due to our flight from the US. We knew our room would not be ready but we wanted to check in so we could tour. The minuite we arrived at the Pulitzer we were assured we had made the right hotel choice. Every staff member was accomodating and helpful. Our room was ready when we returned to the hotel that afternoon. The concierge was remarkably helpful. I had general ideas of how to spend the morning, but he was so helpful and assisted us in planning our day. He immediately informed us that we could buy our tickets to the Riijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Anne Frank and the canal boat bus from him, and could put them on our hotel bill. Thus alleviating our standing in hour long lines for the Van Gogh, or Anne Frank Huis. Even with tickets for the Riijks we had to stand in line. The concierge staff were instrumental in making our trip so successful. They arranged a private limo trip for us to the Dutch country and seaside which was expensive but well worth the cost. Every night they assisted us in finding a resturant or making our dinner reservations. They were very professional, helpful and pleasent, I have nothing but wonderful accolades for the concierge and their staff.Since we were going to be in Amsterdam for a week we had a suite. It was not plush, elegant or large like a suite at the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton, but it was SPECIAL. It overlooked the Herengracht Canal. We had floor to ceiling windows on 2 levels. My son had a loft with a ladder leading to it where he set up his computor and was able to work and download his pictures every day. The setting room was confortable and the bedroom and bath room small with no storage space, but so quaint. I felt like I was living in a Dutch doll house. The room sevice and maid service were excellent and our views delightful. We never heard any street noises or other guest. We could hear the beautiful and lovely chimes of the Westermarkt, the same ones Anne Frank listened too. It was enchanting. We had breakfast at the hotel once I wasn't impressed but my son liked it. All the staff were friendly and helpful. I was so worried about smoke but I never smelled it or was bothered by it in the hotel, even in the bar.I only have good things to report about this hotel and think that staying there enhanced our stay in Amsterdam. However a suite was just big enough for the 2 of us. We loved it and do recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robert-J
<Content>The Curate's egg; good in parts I do not think this is quite up to the 5 star standards of some Hotels I have visited - e.g. Gritti Palace, Venice. I felt the accountants had been called in to save costs and at the prices charged did not appreciate having to make my own toast at breakfast or fetch my coffee from a central dispenser. On the other hand, lovely building and great location with some good restaurants close by.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from 3 nights at the Pulitzer. Great Hotel, great location (a couple of blocks from the Anne Frank house, and about 5 blocks to Dam Square). Paid $175US per night via priceline.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good, but pricey Beautiful hotel. Nice sized rooms. A real treat. We didn't eat there so no idea about the food. The location is perfect. Staff is very friendly, although I found the concierge staff either snobby or clueless, but that's not a big deal. Lots of luxury.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicky101
<Content>excellent location Just spent 3 nights at this hotel 5th March 04 -8th March 04. The location is excellent and the hotel is very grand. I was a little disappointed with the room consideraing the rate it was small and nothing special, but very clean and confortable beds. The worse thing was the noise from the room above, my husband and I were on the third floor the people staying above on the 4th could have been in the room with us. You could hear their voices quite plain and every footstep, at 4am I was not amused having had no sleep from 1am. I would stay there again but would make sure I was on the top floor.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the valentine special offerings I normally do not stay in Dutch hotels as my job puts me up in enough hotels abroad. However my boyfriend treated me to a valentine weekend in Amsterdam. I was impressed, a lovely room looking over the Prinsengracht. Special touches, even rose petals sprinkled over the bed after our dinner. A lavish dinner and a good breakfast the following morning. Simply a superb stay in a lovely hotel in a city I had forgotten had so much to offer!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed here for 5 nights (on a special offer 4 nights get one free) in August 2001.In our opinion, this was the best hotel we have stayed in to date.The room was large, overlooking the canal with a well appointed bathroom. A particuarly nice touch was the complimentary packet of stroopwafels (toffee waffles) which was replenished on an almost daily basis.The buffet breakfast was excellent setting you up for the day (can't comment on the cost as included in the package deal).We enjoyed a drink in the courtyard one balmy evening. We didn't eat at the restaurant because we thought it would be pricey but there are plenty of places to eat in Amsderdam.Location was great - Anne Franks house is just down the road. The nearest tram stop is close by.We would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location  This was our first trip to Amsterdam and it has been just great. The hotel is typical Amsterdam, our room looked out over the Keizersgracht and was all old world charm. Staff were friendly and helpful, and gave some good advise on where to go and when. Invaluable as several museums are undergoing renovations. Breakfast was very good, but a bit pricy. But this may be true for all European cities?!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice. Very nice. This place is nice. Very nice. I've been to Amsterdam several times, mostly staying in hostels and mid-range hotels. This time, I splurged and it was worth it. I stayed in a lower-level room, with a window that opened up on the Prinsengracht. They also offer rooms with a beautiful view of the hotel's courtyard.The location is unbeatable. The train station, Dam Square and Anne Frank House are all just a short walk away. The hotel also offers a limo service if you want to take a day trip to one of the outlying towns.The hotel can be a bit of a maze when you first get there, though. Finding the dining room the first time can be trying, but you'll get the hang of it. Breakfast buffet is great.The Pulitzer is a little expensive for most of us, but if you're looking for a bit of a splurge in one of the planet's coolest cities, give them a try.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GAN_trip
<Content>Nice Idea but ........ The concept sounded great but on arrival the Hotel looked tired. Worn timber at front desk, worn lifts, smell of stale smoke ( okay I know all Amsterdam is like that ) May be better in the summer when you can use the gardens The room was too small for a 5 star hotel. The hair drier did not work, and there was not enough light in the bathroom to shave. The a/c could not be turned off ( this was Nov) and so kept up a constant albeit low noise throughout the night. I did not complain as only staying two nights and I did want to repack.Be warned about breakfast - they insist on providing an old juicer for fresh orange juice. They supply miniscule orange halfs (six needed for a glass) and the machine makes an infernal racket. Complained and you guessed it - they sat me next to it on the second day :-) I had to move. Trivial you may think? but I was just very annoyed with the lack of concern.Staff were good. Location very good but on reflection most of old Amsterdam is walkable so location not as impotant as I thought  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb With only one night in Amsterdam, we wanted something a little special - and did we get it. What a wonderful hotel, with incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly staff, individual rooms and the best location in Amsterdam. Will stay there again and again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT experience. We stayed at the Pulitzer 8/30/03 - 9/3/03. It's rare to find such a subtle hotel - the room was very comfortable and quiet, the service refined, the location can't get any better in Amsterdam - Yes, this is an expensive hotel - and worth every Euro. It's a refined, friendly and quietly luxerious place to call home for a few days. I want to go back, SOON.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing Special The hotel is OK, but absolutelly nothing special. Save your money and spend it somewhere else. We think that the hotel doesn't deserve a five star rating. We had a large room that was somewhat smelly and had stained carpet. The housekeeping service was so-so, and many of front desk personnel didn't know what they were doing.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Pleasant Stay My family and I had a nice and trouble free 4 night stay at the Pulitzer. We found the service generally warm and friendly and the atmosphere casual and relaxed. We had booked an Executive Double and were a bit disappointed to learn at check-in that they would not upgrade our room. My husband and I are BOTH Starwood Gold members, and had been told when we made our reservation that we would be upgraded to a suite if one was available. Alas, the European Starwood properties seem to run their preferred guest program very differently than here in the US, and we didn't get our upgrade....Rooms Nice Enough But no matter. Our Executive Double on the 3rd floor, though small by US standards, had large windows overlooking the center garden and was nice and quiet. The bathroom, though tiny, was well equipped and luxurious. The only real disappointment was a rather lumpy mattress....Family-Friendly As a couple with a young child (toddler) in tow, we appreciated the ample and uncrowded public spaces more than the room itself. There are several interconnected outdoor spaces as well as a few indoor sitting areas, all of which felt casual and welcoming....Food The food was expensive but reasonably good. We had breakfast at Pulitzer's every day during our stay and found the service pleasant and efficient. We broke down and ordered room service one night upon a particularly late return home from sightseeing. The service was quick and the food was tasty.Bottom Line: Refined, yet casual atmosphere with great service and nice location. I would recommend the Pulitzer to others and would stay there again myself.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointing!   showReview(1209186, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small room, poor service We arrived at the Hotel and initially the response was friendly. However, when we were shown our room it was a tiny, tiny dark box on the ground floor with a view of a concrete courtyard. Considering the rates the Pulitzer was charging my wife and I were staggered and went to complain. We were shown another room on the first floor - a smoking room - and were then shown another box, this time foul-smelling. Upgrade time, and we paid a further 30 euros for an 'executive' room. We were shown into this room but it hadn't been cleaned properly (it was 4.30 pm), and so we had to wait in the bar in the garden. Fair enough, I suppose, so far. I was told it would be cleaned in 15 mins. Forty minutes later I went to check at reception and surprise surprise housekeeping hadn't been informed that they had to do anything at all. Another wasted 1/2 hour later we were told that the room was ready. Surprise surprise - our bags had been left downstairs when we got there. Fantastic service, eh? The room was admittedly larger, with a canal view, but still not that good for the money. We didn't dare risk room service for the whole trip. Breakfast is OK - not that hot - with an unreliable selection of items, depending on whether the chef could be bothered I'd expect. Good location but rooms more in keeping with budget hotels rather than so-called 'luxury' establishments. Decor a little tired.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dawnfawn
<Content>They treated me like a relative   showReview(1136742, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>Perfect Location - aweful service!   showReview(1104591, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StephenP_8
<Content>Pulitzer - No Prize from me!   showReview(933008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flawless Service   showReview(907938, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretend It Is Your Canal House   showReview(861635, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>polin001
<Content>Room with a view   showReview(860660, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>One of the best!   showReview(683617, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beautiful   showReview(658069, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice location, very small rooms   showReview(587165, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>56ta
<Content>閬嬫渤娌裤亜銇у瑕炽伅銈广儐銈仹銇欍亴...   showReview(20684279, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, qualche perplessit脿 per servizio e affollamento   showReview(19637491, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(18539042, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu decu par l'etat de l'hotel   showReview(13202591, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amsterdamtraveler40
<Content>D茅cu   showReview(11090466, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉?銉斻儱銉笺儶銉冦儎銈°兗   showReview(19163217, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeannettet
<Content>tres de莽us   showReview(8403662, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Die_Kritischen
<Content>Was sind 5 Sterne noch wert??   showReview(8112546, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>jo.cast
<Content>Excellent H么tel       Belle chambre, mais fen锚tre sur cour  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilliluise
<Content>Der Lack ist ab!   showReview(5897644, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>athuil
<Content>hotel chic et charmant avec tr猫s bon emplacement   showReview(5144491, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆庛偍銈般偧銈儐銈ｃ儢銆€銉?..   showReview(19929030, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1娉?60Euro4...   showReview(19919081, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

