<Author>Walkerd
<Content>Nice location and views! I stayed in a few places for the first time in Amsterdam which all had a pricey fee of 100 euros or more to have your own bathroom. I stayed at Hotel Nes on my last night in the Dam and found it to be a pretty reasonable place to stay (74 euros) for a single person. The breakfast was yummy and free along with a great view of downtown and a great location just off the main traffic of the Muni and buses. It didn't bother me that the shower was opened to the bathroom. I guess it's all about how much time you spend in your hotel room.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jzbVienna
<Content>Biggest rip off ever! Absolutely dreadful! 140 Euros plus tax for the tiniest room ever with cheap, shabby furniture and uncomfortable beds. The shower didn't work properly and the bath had no plug. No toiletries in the bathroom. Just a shower cap. No hairdryer. The deskhad a tiny TV set on it with a fuzzy picture showing local TV. There was no space to use the desk. There wasn't even enough space to put my suitcase on the floor. The hotel's website is very deceptive.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Kaupelei
<Content>High price for low value       Hotel Nes  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>tomer_NL
<Content>Only if there is no other choice Very small rooms, very unfriendly personnel.The bathroom (shower-room) is extra small and inconvenient - everything was wet after two minutes...We reserved a room with a bath, yet we got one with a shower.If you are stuck with no room - take it, if you can find something else - do yourself a favor  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>AngelNY
<Content>Don't ruin your vacation We had reservations for four nights. However, the room that we originally got had sewer problems and (pretending that they were not aware of the problem) they gave us another room for the first night. However later on they rented out the same room to someone else and had guts to complain to us that it was not a big deal, it did not smell that bad and they were able to rent it out. However, the next morning they wanted us to move back to the smelly room as the room that we stayed in the first night was taken for the next three nights. We had told them that we don鈥檛 want to stay in that room and would look for another hotel. Right away they wanted to charge us 50% penalty for leaving (as if it was our fault that their rooms were not in rentable condition). To make the story short we had wasted about a day of our precious vacation days looking for another hotel and dealing with the rude staff at this hotel. If you would like to enjoy your trip, do your selves a favor 鈥︹€VOID THIS HOTEL.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PearlieLupita
<Content>Just OK This hotel was a last minute pick since we had problems at our original booked hotel.The front desk was rude. If you asked a questions you felt like you were bothering them.The lobby looks nice but the rooms were thrown together. They remodeled the rooms in the cheapest way possible.But, if you are only sleeping in the room it is okay.Nice view of the canal and the linens were clean.They gave us dirty towels and i didn't notice until after i got out of the shower. When I called downstairs for new ones - they sent someone to the room and he wouldn't give me the new towels until I showed him the dirty one that I had wrapped around me! So rude. Then he proceeded to inspect the towel in front of me. When he saw the dirty marks he shrugged and walked away. Then we asked that nobody enter our room and when we returned they had cleaned it. The included breakfast was not bad.Bottom Line: You could get a better place for the same price.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Rastrickian
<Content>Had a great time in a lovely Hotel contrary to the reports I read . We booked this Hotel because of it's location and were not disappointed. However once we had booked and rather late read the reviews we were terrified we were going to be ripped off in a dirty unfriendly Hotel and nothing could have been further from the truth.We were in a party of 14 ladies and we were dealt with efficiently and with respect, we were a bit surprised that the rooms were slightly more expensive than quoted and there was a tax to pay so instead of paying 160 euros per night per room we ended up paying 180 euros.Our room was small but very clean and the bed was comfortable . We had large french windows which opened into the room and overlooked the canal, some of my friends were not as lucky and their rooms looked out onto a brick wall.Once the windows were closed the noise was shut out, even though we were centrally located sleep was not a problem.Breakfast was served in a bright airey very contemporary dining room, self service, bread, rolls, ham, cheese, jams, boiled and scrambled eggs, cereals, friut etc etc and you could even have full english if you want it! at an extra cost. Lashings of tea and coffee so you just cannot grumble.There is also a nice lounge area below the dining room that's cool where you can sit and relax on sqishy sofa's and you can leave your suitcase there on the day you depart rather than dragging it round Amsterdam with you as so many travellers seem to have to do.You have to be out of the room by 11am. Breakfast is served between 8am and 10am. There isn't any room service but hey you are in Amsterdam and just round the corner are all the cafe's, bars, restaurants and take-aways you could ever want.It was my first trip to Amsterdam, I loved the flower market, the boat trip, don't miss a trip to the ice Bar, truly remarkable but I paid a fortune for The Boomtown Comedy Bar and was bored to tears by the self indulgent actors who were not funny with their american type humour, give that a miss folks and spend your money on a nice meal and a few drinks, sit outside and watch life in all it's variety pass you by.Red Light district, not for me but had to see it, just felt sick at human depravity.Have a good trip and enjoy Hotel Ness it's okay, I would go back.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emk1
<Content>small rooms but easy to reach everywhere Hotel have a small rooms but center of the city an d breakfast is good and price was 96 Euro/ in June 2004 BB inc. from booking.com.Rooms with a canal view are better but only 3-4 rooms  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>KristieScotland
<Content>A SHAMBLES!!! My boyfriend and I stayed here jan 2007, There was completely no customer service, our room door was not closing or locking we were repeatedly being trapped in our own room. It was awful, wouldnt recommend to anyone to book this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>magicbluesmok
<Content>Rip off. For the price you pay for one night, you can stay a week at a hostel and have a much better time. The only nice things I can say about this hotel is that it was clean and the breakfast area was nice.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>jeffpeff
<Content>Fairly-Priced, Decent Experience...Far from Great, though My experience with the Hotel Nes was decidedly better than many of the reviews here. However, I can see how others could have had a worse experience than I did.Indeed, the location is great. About a 10 minute walk from the Red Light District and Dam square, but far-enough away so as to be in a quiet neighborhood.I paid 130 Euros a night for a room with two single beds (for one person), with a bathroom. Booked online with easytobook.com.No problems with the staff. They were friendly, efficient, and helpful. The public areas downstairs are indeed clean, tasteful, and pleasant. Breakfast was decent: Facilities were clean, food was good, with a good choice of items (though yes...Orange juice costs extra, which is sort-of a theme at this hotel...More in a moment).My room (number 8) was plenty-big enough for one, and would be fine for two, as well. A small desk, two chairs, a closet, two operable windows, and a standing floor fan. Bathroom was pretty small, but that's to be expected in Amsterdam. Standard bath amenities included (towels, soap, shampoo, shower cap).Overall, the hotel is a bit of a hodgepodge, as if they're still in the process of refurbishing: There are some stylish lamps and furnishings in the rooms, though the bathroom light was a spooky fluorescent disc that took some time to come up to full power (like, minutes). Bedding and towels were clean, but the inside of the door to my room had been patched with spackle (on a metal door), and as-yet unpainted. Not very attractive, but certainly not a big deal.As for the aforementioned 'theme': There is a computer terminal in the lobby. I asked how to access the internet with it, and was told that I'd need to buy a card from them for 6 Euros per hour to use it. The guy also (thankfully) offered that there are cheaper ways to get online in town at various internet cafes and coffeeshops...Which is true. So, no ripoff there. Later, I asked how to make a local phone call from my room. I was told that they had to 'turn on' the phone to access an outside line, and that it was 'expensive'. I just bought a sim card for my GSM phone instead for 15 euros. So, while they were fair-enough about suggesting cheaper alternatives to the requests I made, at the same time, my requests were pretty standard for guests' needs at a hotel, yet were seemingly 'out of the ordinary' at this place.And MY experience with the TV is as follows: Upon arrival and dumping my bag in my room, I turned on the TV to find a very poor picture on the screen, on a number of channels. I touched the dongle hanging from my room key to the 'eye' on the TV, and nothing improved. I later found out that this cost me 9 Euros for 'pay tv'. Never did see any improvement in the picture for the rest of the day, nor was I even given access to any other channels. The TV was utterly baffling: For a short while, I was getting a snowy version of BBC, which was great. But later on, I couldn't access that channel at all...The 'channel up' button would get me as far as channel 13 before automatically switching back to channel one after a few minutes. In fact, I still don't quite know how to turn the damn thing ON in the first place. You can push the power button all day, and nothing happens. But go to the bathroom, and when you come out, the TV has decided to turn on, after all. Totally and unnecessarily complicated. But...Who comes to Amsterdam to watch TV, anyway?So, in closing: The hotel Nes was well-priced for a city like Amsterdam, with a good location, and other than the silliness of the TV, I had no major complaints. But then, I only stayed two nights. If I were to stay there for more time that that, things might have gotten to me a bit more.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not much for the money Hotel Nes was rather disappointing. The location was fantastic (I guess this is what you paid for...) and the downstairs lounge and breakfast restaurant were nice, clean and contemporary. HOWEVER once you got upstairs into the communal corridors and bedrooms it was a different story. We paid 315 Euro for 2 people for 2 nights including tax... my mother runs a Bed  Breakfast in the UK near the beach in beautiful South Devon which is cleaner, brighter, more comfortable and half the price. The communal corridors in Hotel Nes were dark and grimy, not sure when it had last seen a lick of paint. Our bedroom was tiny, did not have a bath, was not very clean, the bathroom smelt of the last occupier (along with several of the last occupiers hairs, yuck), there was one tiny single cupboard with 3 coathangers (not enough to service 2 guests), there were no tea or coffee making facilities, one chair to sit on, marks and scuffs on the walls, only one stand for one suitcase (no good when there is two of you!), and you had to pay extra to watch TV. The staff also left a lot to be desired. There appeared to be some quibble over my credit card when I arrived and the male receptionist told us very aggressively that he had almost sold our room as we were 'so late in arriving' (it was 3 in the afternoon and we had just driven from Germany, and they knew this because we had called the week before to check our booking and confirm our time of arrival), they denied all knowledge of the phone call. Then when I approached a different male receptionist to complain about the room, I was told to speak to a Duty Manager in the morning (this was about 6.30pm, not really an unsociable time to ask for a manager). I also witnessed a variety of general rudeness to other guests from male receptionists, including one who refused to take cash to pay for a room and insisted that the guest use his credit card instead. Each time I either handed the room key in, or asked for it when we came back, I was merely grunted at. The breakfast was plentiful but basic European fare, however you had to pay extra for orange juice (?). All in all I felt we did not get value for money, nor would we stay there again or recommend it to anyone else. My advice? - Stay in a FAMILY RUN hotel, or somewhere very expensive, that way you are guaranteed better service and a more caring attitude.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TRAVLDAWG
<Content>Great Locatation I mainly chose this hotel for the location,very close to the rembrandtsplein with its various brown cafes, resturants and close to many gay bars.Since I stayed 8 nights ,I was given a front canal view on the 3rd floor wich was great. Since I read past reviews on how small the rooms were, I decided to splunge a little and take a double room.,sine I know from past visits how small the single rooms can be.The room was always kept clean the hotle was always very clean, not a bad breakfast. My only comlaint is that a couple of the front desk staff were a bit surly,except for the actual manager of the hotel who tried to be as acomadating as possible, even when asked for ice cubes he got it for me ,unlike the others. But who cares, didnt go to amsterdam to make freinds with them any way.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad considering how expensive Amsterdam is. My friend and I stayed here overnight in Dec. 2005. We asked for a double, twin room and ended up with two twin beds pushed right up against each other. The room was pretty small, but we managed to separate the beds by a foot or so. The hotel is in pretty good shape and has a great breakfast area and lounge area downstairs. Its centrally located and only about a 10 minute walk to Dam Square or Leides Square. We payed 115 Euro per night for our room, which I though was expensive, but I guess not considering it was a weekend and everything else was 150 Euro and up. The staff is friendly and watched our bags for us the next after we checked out and were out sightseeing.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please avoid this hotel, it is a genuine rip-off The location is great, but that's the only good point.The rooms are incredibly expensive and really small (please read the other comments about this, they are really true) but above all, the staff is more than unfriendly, they are dishonest.We were charged 19 euros for 2 nights of pay TV WE DIDN'T USE.The Pay TV system in this hotel works with a little blue metal thing hanging from the keyholder, and in order to have access to Pay TV, you must press the little blue thing on the TV.Well, even if we didn't do this (even accidentally, as the blue thing never left the keyholder inserted in the lock of our door) we were told that we had used the Pay TV for 2 days, because, I quote THE MACHINE NEVER LIES (which implies that, we, the customers are liars )We tried to discuss, telling them to check again, that maybe their machine had a problem or something, because we were sure we hadn't used it, but they insisted in telling us (with a very unfriendly tone) , that we had used the Pay TV, because THEIR machine was telling them WE had. So they basically stole 19 euros from us and and called us liars, just after we spent 220 euros for 2 nights in their lousy hotel.A hotel whose staff treats the customers like that doesn't deserve to exist.Please, please avoid this place by any means!!!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eeeekkk! This hotel is the perfect example of the thievery of the city. Having visited Amsterdam many times, this was the only bad experience. The walls being thin is an understatement - I was put in a room with a twin bed - the room itself having literally 2 feet of space on three sides of the bed - smaller than a closet. Total rip off, very expensive for such a small room (on any standards). Location is nice, right across from Hotel L'Europe.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>m888han
<Content>Unfriendly receptionist We arrived for one night in Amsterdam and managed to get a room from the central booking place in the centre at last minute. We were put in the top floor room of the annexe which was round the corner from the hotel. I would not recommend this room to the elderly or very unfit people! Carrying the suitcases up was a nightmare - well, it was for my boyfriend! The view of the canal and bridge was lovely although there I was quite surprised there was a lot of noise coming from loud drunk stag and hens and a lot of cars tooting their horns all night. We were woken many times until around 5am. There was also a draught coming from the side window which kept us quite chilly as we slept. The male receptionist wasn't too friendly either, not keen on helping you out with touristy questions. Breakfast was okay but they shouldn't be charging extra 3euros for orange juice! Nice area though.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No room to swing a kitten, never mind a cat The room was so tiny it was more like a cell, I could even touch the walls of the width of the room by holding a magazine in one hand and holding my hands out straight. The room was decorated in depressing dark brown with threadbare and cigerette burn hole matching bed linen and a wonderful view of a dingy courtyard. The bathroom was a wet room, so if you needed the toilet after you have had a shower you got wet feet. The breakfast was awful, no fresh fruit and fruit juice was an extra for 3 euros. I could go on for ever about how dire this hotel was but its only redeeming factor was the staff were relatively helpful and friendly(a taxi was successfully ordered and an extra blanket was delivered to room as requested) and the location was quite good  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maroj15
<Content>Place is Lousy This place is absolutely lousy. The room is awful, the staff works very hard but only at being unfriendly to their guests, the staff kept me waiting outside for half an hour late at night before letting me in. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS. Don't let them ruin your Amsterdam stay.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>gullivers travels? I have heard many stories about Gulliver - but I did not know that the Hotel Nes in Amsterdam takes it so serious with the midgets. Since it is midget sice you must have if you want to take a shower in their hotel bathrooms. Or maybe some serious religious person who likes to kneel in a bath tub. In anyway you must be very tiny if you want to hava a room in Hotel Nes. And that only for 200鈧?a night! Besides that you get extremely unfriendly staff which is neither able to book a taxi for you nor are they able to assist you with booking a trip to the Dutch countryside! Instead they advise you to go to your Lilliput chamber and call a cab or travel agency yourself. In the end there is to mention that you should not expect a nice breakfast for your money, luxurious things like orange juice out of a pack cost extra and don't you start dreaming of vitamines, cause fresh fruit is not available at the hotel.Obviously Hotel Nes is a modern form of exploiting stupid tourists who still believe in getting something for their money.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice staff an location the Hotel Nes is in a good location which is near shops an about 15 min walk from central station, i suggest asking a few taxis cabs for prices to the hotel from the airport to the hotel and from central station as 1 told 拢25 for a 5 min taxis ride to the hotel from central station and another told us 拢8 so be carful not to pay more than you need to!there are friendly and helpful staff at the hotel and they have good views of the canal. Rooms are very clean and you get clean towels everyday, they are small but convient and appropriate for the price you pay for them. The location in near to alot of the popular shops we have here like HM and the puma shop etc. breakfast there is toast, meat, ceral an tea and coffe which is nice. i would definatly stay here again and i have no conplaints about my 4 day stay at the Hotel Nes!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but -- I and my partner stayed at the Hotel Nes at the beginning of April. There was a problem with the booking, because the agency, who was dealing with the hotel, didn't get their contact details right, so when we said we would arrive a day late, the hotel didn't know about it. The hotel blamed the agency but nevertheless gave us a 50% discount on the first night. The absolutely tiny room was situated right underneath the sloping roof. The first thing I noticed was a foul stench coming from the cupboard. Then I was a bit shocked to find the bathroom ceiling sloping to the extent that it was only possible to have a shower kneeling down. I am also convinced that the bed cover was inhabited by flees. The breakfast also was rather disappointing. Nothing fresh and healthy and you had to order the orange juice for an extra 2 Euros. But the location is rather nice and the staff were quite friendly. My advice is to ask for a room below the fourth floor.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dd4287
<Content>A good place to stay We stayed at the Hotel Nes in August, 2003, and really enjoyed it. The location was great. Most sights were within easy walking distance, and for those that weren't, the tram was just a couple of blocks away. The hotel was clean, and the staff was nice. The only problem we had was that we requested a double room and were given a room with two twin beds (made up separately) pushed together. That tended to get a bit uncomfortable, as one of us kept falling between the beds or trying to pull back the covers that only covered half the bed. We had a room overlooking the street and canal, and were able to keep the window open at night for a nice breeze with very little street noise. We'll definitely stay here again when we return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EnglandScotland
<Content>great staff nice place This is a nice hotel with super-friendly staff. The room was small, but well-priced and in a super location. You can walk from Central Station, rather than tram, and save some money. The breakfast was kind of the same every day, but it was good, and the bread really fresh. I'd stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel in Great Location The Hotel Nes is a small 3 star hotel in a historic old canal house right on the Amstel River. A short walk to everything and about 2 blocks to the trolley line at the Rembrandtplein. Many good restaurants within a few blocks. Small but clean rooms with nice baths, we had a canal/street view room. A good breakfast buffet with many items and the best coffee. A very enjoyable, yet simple place to stay with a great location. Nice nieghborhood, not too noisy.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

