<Author>Globetrotter71
<Content>Trust me-great value I'm a girl who does my research when I'm going to spend my money on something...and as such I spent a great deal of time researching hotel options for this vacation. Granted, Ive been to NOLA many times -- but always for business, so I never had to worry about accommodations and they were always the higher end hotels. However, it's a little different when you're paying out of your own pocket, rather than using the corporate card and staying as part of a conference or company meeting.In this case, I was going to NOLA for a long weekend/girls' trip with my mom, and I wanted something that was in a great (and safe) location, not too hard on the pocketbook, and DID NOT HAVE BUGS. On a couple of occasions, I'd been about to book a hotel based on a great-sounding description...but then reading further I'd see the magic word (aka - cockroaches) in someone's writeup that called off all bets. NOLA is known for its cockroaches (rumor has it that the cockroach was originally part of the Saints' original logo), but that doesn't mean I want that aspect of the Big Easy up close and personal, thank you very much! :)Anyway, I found this hotel to be what we were looking for. Was it the nicest hotel I'd ever been to? No. Did it have the most amenities? Absolutely not. Would I eat the continental breakfast? Nunca. Would I have been a bit disappointed if it was my first time to NOLA and I was hoping to rely on the concierge for guidance on what to do? Definitely. However, 1) The price for what we got couldn't be beat. 2) It was safe - we never felt in danger, and we were two women out alone. 3) NO BUGS IN SIGHT. 4) Location, location, location! It was literally half a block from the action on Bourbon street, 2 blocks from Canal (main ave where the streetcar lines run), and just a quick 10 minute walk (if that much) to the riverfront (IMAX, aquarium, etc.), and a short walk to Cafe Du Monde and Jackson square.Consider this - you aren't spending your time in your hotel room. If it's about the NOLA experience, then what you want is somewhere clean, safe, and walkable to everywhere (take a cab from the airport and don't even bother with a rental car...parking in the quarter is pretty much impossible and why pay for the valet??). This hotel is it. Oh, and by the way - we were in a room that faced out towards the direction of Bourbon and we didn't hear much of anything at night. We went to bed around 10:30/11 each night and slept very soundly. One night, some people were a little drunk when they came back, so they were a bit noisy in the hallway...but once they went into their rooms we heard nothing. Also, it kind of cracks me up when I read the reviews that say we were appalled...there were NO amenities! no pool! no gym! etc. etc. My answer to that - did you even halfway read the hotel descriptions? Any description on Orbitz, Travelocity, Expedia, or any other such site will tell you what amenities the hotel does and doesn't have...so shame on you for not paying attention.Granted, I think they shouldn't even bother advertising the free continental breakfast...my mom and I walked into the restaurant after check-in and walked right out. There are plenty of places to eat for breakfast/brunch (we enjoyed Monte's, as well as a place on the Southeast corner of Jackson Park whose name escapes me (across from Cafe du Monde, right on the corner facing the park). Cafe Beignet (sp) was great for a quick on-the-go breakfast our last morning before heading to the airport. As far as the concierge, I've stayed at the Marriott (not the JW but the regular one) before and they have an excellent concierge service. We stopped by there a couple of times and asked some general questions...they were very helpful. We never told them we weren't staying at the hotel, and they never asked. Plus the hotel and lobby are so big they probably don't know the difference. I wouldn't...!As far as restaurants - DEFINITELY check out K-Paul's on Royal (it's across from what I believe is city hall - or some type of federal/legal building). The drum (type of fish) is AMAZING and the service was wonderful...I had eaten there once before while on business and loved it even more the second time around. Bayonna was a great one as well...the redfish was really great (exit hotel and make a left...then take first right and it's on that block, on the right). Redfish Grill wasn't bad. NOLA isn't bad either (one of Emeril's restaurants, for those of you who are fans of his).Recommendations - Walk wherever you can...there are some great sights and photo ops! Hop the ferry over to Algiers, even if you just get back on it and come back over. You get some great views of the city from the boat. Insectarium - that's where you go if you want to see bugs (i.e., safely behind glass). You can even eat them in the cafeteria...and they're quite delicious! Garden District tour is nice - we toured with Katie and she's awesome  feisty. Preservation Hall is a great experience, even if you don't stay for an entire set. Just be sure to snap a pic of the band right when they walk out and get settled, because that's when they make the announcement that flash photography is not allowed. :) On Bourbon - Fat Catz on St. Louis and Bourbon is alot of fun with the resident band called the Connection. They play alot of old 70's and 80's funky tunes.Miscellaneous: I'm into buying a Powerball ticket whenever I go to a Powerball state, and there's a tiny convenience store on Royal about 30 steps from Canal (on the left when walking away from Canal) that sells them. If you're looking for little snacks, there's a Walgreens which I believe is on Royal a few blocks down from Canal...we stopped there every day to pick up water and it's also where you can go for any toiletries you may have forgotten. And of course, in general, be smart about where you go/what you do. NOLA is a city just like anywhere else...there are places you definitely should not go alone, and things you should not do after dark. BE SMART ABOUT THINGS. Stay where the crowds are (you can't go wrong on Bourbon -- save for the revellers who've had too much to drink, but are typically harmless...and there are plenty of cops around). Girls - keep your eye on your drink at all times.That's about all I can think of...happy traveling and enjoy NOLA! Tip big when you can (~25%)...the city and its people need it!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>wmsaunt
<Content>Christmas in New Orleans The Prince Conti is a pleasant hotel in the French Quarter. We stayed in one of the suites and found it to be very clean and well appointed. The price was very reasonable. The beds were not the most comfortable but we were able to sleep without problem. Our room overlooked Conti Street and there was a lot of street noise. That being said, if we had not overlooked the street we would have missed the wedding parade complete with jazz band. If you don't want the noise from the street request a room that doesn't face the street. The staff was helpful. We had a delicious Christmas Eve dinner at the Bombay Club. Overall, pleased with the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Loulabelle8
<Content>Will stay again We stayed on the 3rd floor in the double suite. The room was a gem. I loved all the towels we had and the heat lamp in the bathroom so we weren't chilly getting out of the shower. We had two TVs which was great because I could watch something different than my husband. I don't like maids in my room so we always hung the Do Not Disturb sign. The maids hung extra towels, soaps, and coffee on our door! That was terrific. Our room also had a bidette (sp?) next to the toilet!! HA! It really added to the character of the hotel.The maids were terribly noisy. Everyday. They started at 9am on our floor and with it being New Orleans we would have liked to sleep later than that. Couldn't. They jabbered like mules in the halls and their carts were bumping into things and across the floor bumps. The hotel really needs to tell the maids to try to be quiet. The air conditioner/heater didn't work in the bedroom, but we found that the one near the bathroom sufficed to keep the two rooms cool enough. Bourbon Street noise didn't bother us at all, even though our room was closest to Bourbon. There was a lot of cars with their bass really loud, but that could happen anywhere.This location is superb. We picked it for that and also because we were driving from Iowa and needed a hotel with a parking lot. We usually stay at Le Richelieu but that's too far to walk. Our room was spotless and the front desk people were curteous.I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JohnfromDallas
<Content>Location, Location, Location! We found this little gem on trip adviser and decided to try it out. Overall, I would rate this a great hotel. We stayed 2 nights, and they were both quite nice. We called ahead to confirm our reservation (I suggest everyone that stays here calls and confirms the afternoon of arrival). The person at the front desk told my wife they did not have any more parking available for the night, and we would have to public park that evening, but they had instructions, and after apologizing she said it wouldn't be too bad for us. When we got there, we were told they had one spot left, and it would have been gone if we hadn't called in and confirmed. I don't care how it happened, but Hey, I got parking there, so I was happy. The parking is valet only and the lot seemed very secure (hotel courtyard). My wife and I walked back there to see what was around the corner, and the valet came running in after us asking if we needed help with anything. I appreciated that security.We stayed in a King Deluxe room. No view at all (just rooftop courtyard), window was not a functional one, so we couldn't open it for fresh new Orleans air. Plenty of light came in when we wanted it, and when we didn't the curtains sealed the window very nicely. The Bathroom was very small (you could wash your hands while sitting on the toilet), but adequate for what we needed. Someone posted a picture of it online already, so I will spare many other details other than it was utilitarian. The Bed was quite comfortable. Bring your own pillows (I would give that advice to any traveler in any hotel). The TV was really small for a hotel room, but who comes to N.O. to watch TV? The corridor walls were a bit thin, we could hear drunken revelers return after we got there, but most of them were pretty quick to get out of the halls, and we weren't woken up by any. My only serious gripe about the room was the lack of a safe. We travel with 2 laptops, and like to secure them when out and about. We were told when we checked in that there is a safe for valuables downstairs, and there is...it is just that the safe is for jewelry and cannot accommodate one laptop, much less two. The room was remodeled a few years ago, but is still in good condition.The location cant be beat, 1/2 a block and you are on Bourbon Street. Very convenient to get out that night, and more importantly get back in. My wife and I really enjoyed the stay, and we will return to the hotel without a doubt.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>gl0betr0tter24
<Content>This place stinks...literally! Cannot understand how this place is so highly rated. It is old  tired. It smells horrible. The room smells like musty, mildewy rot. The hallways are not that much better. There are NO amenitites...no pool, no courtyard, no refrigerators, no safe in room. Beds are ancient and extremely uncomfortable and the noise from Bourbon Street is hardly tolerable when you're trying to sleep. The staff acted as if you were bothering them if you asked for anything and I mean anything. Very unfriendly. I would never, ever stay here a second time.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	1	3	

<Author>jen83
<Content>Lovely hotel, close to everything       Room  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>brunette1122
<Content>Thanksgiving at the Conti! My friend and I decided to get away for Thanksgiving this year and go to New Orleans. I am surprised at the bad reviews I have seen about this hotel, because everything was 100% great! Check in was super fast and easy and the evening valet person was very helpful. Our room was clean and nice and was actually overlooking Bourbon Street. We didn't figure this out until the last night. That being said, we didn't hear a thing. It was 100% quiet! The desk staff was VERY helpful. We asked a handful of people how to get places and recommendations for places to go and they were great!The only thing I did not like was that depending on the time of day, the valet is either very good or not at all. Some of the guys dilly-dallied and wouldn't get your car when you asked and then one guy didn't leave my keys in the ignition when he went to get another car, resuting in us having to wait for them. Other then that, it was all great. We stayed over the Thanksgiving holiday and the friday evening of the Bayou Classic. After a certain time the hotel locks the main door and you need your key to gain access. They also do see who is coming and going and have a police guard at the entrance at night.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Copronymous
<Content>Just about the Perfect Place Looking for an affordable Thanksgiving get-a-way, I went to Priceline. I put in what I considered to be a ridiculously low bid, and the Prince Conti accepted.I really didn't quite know what to expect given the mixed reviews one can find around the net.We arrived in town around 2:00 PM, but check-in isn't until 4. So, we parked and had drinks.At 4, we drove in to the Prince Conti valet area, which is covered and off of the street. Check-in was a breeze; just hand over your license and a card, and get your keys. Since we checked-in so early, our car was parked in the Prince Conti's exceedingly small on-site lot. That was nice, though, because we could get to it easily go put things in or take things out as needed. They'll also let you in-and-out your car with a little notice. Valet isn't cheap though. Be prepared to pay at least $28/day.As for the room, it was more than adequate. Filled with antiques, it was a little on the small side. But when you're staying the the Big Easy, what should you expect?Beds were not the best, as they were somewhat soft and squeaky. Still, we slept just fine.The room was by no means soundproof, the noise from Bourbon St. wasn't excessive. Our view was of the alley and the building next door. That in itself was entertaining though, as an exhibitionist couple put on quite a show (just a heads-up if you're bringing kids).The staff was quite friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable of the city. Free WiFi is throughout the hotel, though my PDA had a difficulty connecting from time to time. Continental breakfast wasn't extensive. Overall I'm very satisfied. Had a great time, and the Prince Conti contributed.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>elvisCantonMi_
<Content>Don't read anymore , You Can't Go Wrong everything was perfect.......location is 35 steps from bourbon st and is right in the middle of everything. price was very affordable , very clean , very quiet. the only thing they could do to make the stay better was to give it away. dennis , canton mi.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Crisofero
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We traveled to New Orleans the weekend before Halloween. Our stay at the Prince Conti could not have been better! We THOROUGHLY enjoyed our stay and the hotel staff! The location of the hotel is ideal; everything is within walking distance in the French Quarter. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The mark of distinction for this charming hotel is the quality of service from its staff. Everyone there was very kind and accommodating. The general manager (I think his name is John) was helpful and cheerful each time we saw him. The people at the front desk were amazing - Lisa, Cindy, Rick and Ann were all patient with our many questions and generous with directions. Chad and Eric are some of the most helpful valets I have met. When it comes to visiting New Orleans, I would recommend the Prince Conti without hesitation!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scooby32
<Content>Great stay again This is our third stay at the Prince Conti and probably the best. From arriving and Ann on reception recognising us with a warm welcome . Little touches like this make such a difference. Our room was huge and quiet with plenty of New Orleans charm., , The free breakfast coffee, juice and croissants was a nice start to the day. This is a small hotel, and whilst there every member of staff we met was really helpful. As a French quarter base perfect. We are already planning to re book for next year.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lmns
<Content>A+ for Prince Conti My friends booked the Prince Conti, as they had stayed there a number of times. I had no idea what to expect. What a pleasant surprise! The hotel was very clean and the staff were attentive to our every need. I thought it might be noisy because it was close to a lot of bars, but it was quiet and I always felt safe. There was someone on duty at all times and they really watched the comings and goings of the guests and made sure there weren't people who didn't belong there. Everyone was so nice. The hotel was within walking distance of tons of great restaurants, bars and activites. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>birdtown
<Content>ok The hotel was in a good location in relation to the French Quarter. We didn't care much for Bourbon St., but the hotel is also close to other good restaurants and some sights. If you have a car, there is really no other option than parking in their valet, which is $28 per night. There was noise from Bourbon each night, but it was more white noise than anything else, and did not hinder our sleep.The room we had was nice in that it had the obvious historical touches of a former warehouse/factory, but the amenities were few and the sheets and beds were nothing special to speak of.I was a little disappointed with the service. The front desk staff were not incredibly helpful or friendly. We needed to print two sheets of paper, but they would not allow us to do so from the lobby computer and printer even if we paid for it. Instead, we were directed to an Internet Cafe a few blocks away. Had they allowed me to print a page for $1, I would gladly have paid the exorbitant price to avoid the inconvenience of going to the Internet cafe and paying $3 for 15 minutes and $.10 to print a page. They could actually make money on the deal, but they refuse to be accommodating.The other frustration was they would not allow us to keep our car in the lot beyond noon on the day we checked out. We had an event 3 blocks away, and we would have been back at 12:15, but they said we would have been charged an additional $28. It seems like for $28 a day, they could accommodate us for an additional 15 minutes or half hour. The attached restaurant had some really great music the one night we checked it out, but we did not eat there. The continental breakfast was not worth stopping for.I got a great price on Priceline, but I would probably choose a different hotel if choosing myself.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>tuck78
<Content>Great in many ways We stayed at the Prince Conti for 2 nights in early October. We like small, old boutique hotels  the Conti does a very good job...the rooms had been recently re-done  were very nice with new linens, carpets, drapes, etc.; the hallways were fresh  sparkling; all of the staff was very nice -- we arrived at 10:30  they let us check in. The price was terrific ($75  $89)  the location was a half block from the best part of Bourbon. We very much liked the bar/restaurant  started each evening off there. We would definitely stay here again  recommend it highly,.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Aerowing
<Content>Very disappointing experience..never again       The entrance to the hotel is to the right. Not very charming like people say it is.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	5	2	1	2	

<Author>Dallas_trvler
<Content>Can't beat the Price and Location       Our room on 3rd floor  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>WinterInSevilla
<Content>Can't beat the location Prince Conti hotel is in a great location in the middle of the quarter. Honestly it can't be beat. Walking anywhere in the quarter was a breeze, and it is super close to the streetcar stop if you want to head uptown or to midcity. A few reviews mentioned the fact that even though it is only 1 block off Bourbon, there was no noise. That is not exactly true. We were overlooking Conti street and if I wasn't already used to my husband's snoring, I might have had a problem sleeping with all the noise going on all night. If you're a heavy sleeper, no problem. If not, ask for a room off the street.The room itself was spacious and clean (including the bathroom). I will say, though, that we had to kill 2 cockroaches in our room. Now, I went to school in New Orleans, and I know that no matter how clean you are, the roaches are everywhere. AND, it had just rained which tends to bring them out. I don't think it was a negative reflection of the hotel, but bad luck. However, it probably wouldn't happen at a bigger hotel where they have more places to hide. The people were nice enough, and the room was always made up for our return each night. The biggest draw for this place is the GREAT location.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mluche
<Content>Close but just far enough away My partner and I just returned from a weekend trip to New Orleans and our stay at the Prince Conti hotel. I must say that we couldn't have been happier. We were one block away from Bourbon St., but the noise level--or lack there of--made us the envy of our friends who stayed at a much louder hotel. This may not be a Hilton, but it doesn't need to be. The staff, especially the woman who worked the front desk in the morning, was very helpful when we needed directions and were dealing with a lost luggage issue. Our room was spotless and comfortable. This was our first time in NOLA and our next will have us back to the Conti.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Iceman66
<Content>Super Place Prince Conti Hotel, New Orleans LA (Super Place)9-14-08 til 9-17-08Reviewer: Roger  Ruth Ann of Morganton NCMy wife and I stayed at this hotel for three days and were totally impressed with it.The room was rather large even with the king bed in there. The furniture made you feel like you were in a different period of time.The bathroom was small but hey what do you actually do in the bathroom. It had all the modern functions.Our room was on the second floor of this three story hotel and it was absolutely quite. And we really slept well on that gorgeous bed....Front desk staff were extremely friendly, polite, curtious and professional. My wife and I would especially like to thank Cindy, Peter, Ann and Van who made our stay there worthwhile.After all the above this Hotel also has location, location, location.... Just steps of Bourbon Street.My wife and I were so impressed with the staff and place itself that upon returning home we booked to go back there for a week during Mardi Gras Feb '09'.... Thanks for everything Cindy.Roger  Ruth Ann BrissonMorganton, NC  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>globetrotter084
<Content>Charming I stayed at the Prince Conti for 2 nights in July - and loved every minute of it. I was orginally booked into a backpackers, a short stay out of town and wanted to leave the minute I arrived. Jumped straight onto the internet and booked the hotel as I had been looking at it prior to my trip. When I arrived the next morning at 8am, the staff were very accommodating and allowed me to check straight in, rather than have to wait until the 2pm check in time as they had some spare rooms available. I really loved the fact that its a small hotel, with only 3 floors. The Prince Conti is in such a fantastic spot, only 200m from Bourbon St - and its surprisingly quiet; you dont hear any street noise at all - which is fabulous. As I was a single female in my early 20's travelling alone I felt very safe walking around the immediate area at night due to the location.The only thing that I can say that did bother me slightly was my room's location - which was 2 doors away from the lift. I'm sure if I had complained, they would have shifted me but felt as they were so helpful with allowing me to check in so early the previous day, I wouldnt bother them with such an insignificant request.I would DEFINITELY recommend it to anyone I know wanting to travel to New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>trillimer
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed at the Prince Conti 8/25-8/29. My father and I met in New Orleans to do some genealogy research. We both booked our rooms online using their value rate, which was $50 for all 4 nights. We had rooms that were newly remodeled and did not face the street, which I think contributed to the quiet despite the fact that Bourbon Street is literally just steps from the hotel. Great location, everything in the French Quarter is within walking distance. Don't bother renting a car if you plan to stay within the French Quarter, which I would highly advise since the rest of the city isn't worth going to. It's unfortunate that this hotel is in New Orleans and not in a more charming city. The staff seemed a little standoffish but that may have been because there was some uncertainty as to whether or not Hurricane Gustav was going to make landfall there. The hotel restaurant normally open for breakfast was closed during this time and they had a free continental breakfast in lieu. Nothing spectacular..coffee, juice, croissants and pastries...but it's free and enough to get you going for the day. There really isn't anything that stood out about this hotel but it was clean, well-managed, in a wonderful location, and you couldn't beat the price. Would recommend if rate is below $100/nt.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Miss_Melanie_Chicago
<Content>Very Happy With The Prince Conti Hotel in New Orleans I shopped around for a good deal on the hotel  airfare to New Orleans and did indeed find one. We booked thru Travelocity and the hotel we chose was the Price Conti in the French Quarter.When I was in New Orleans 10 months prior I stayed at a different hotel about a block away from this one - the location is ideal for both, right off of Bourbon Street in the heart of the Quarter, and for that you're generally willing to deal with some things that maybe aren't up to par in a hotel...but the Prince Conti left nothing to be desired.I was already impressed before we'd even gotten to New Orleans, I'd emailed the hotel asking if they would hold our bags after check-out since our flight home was later in the day. I was expecting a 'no' as many of my friends on trips that they had taken were told that after check-out the hotel was not responsible for their bags. Instead, I received a very friendly email from the hotel saying that yes, they would hold the bags, and free of charge.We arrived at the hotel some four hours before check-in time, and I was expecting to just have them hold out bags until then  we'd come back, however the woman at the counter told me that she could go ahead and put me in a room right then and there. This did not happen at the hotel I stayed at during my last trip.The lobby, elevator, hallways of the hotel, and the room itself were all beautiful and clean. The water pressure in the shower was full-on. We have nothing but wonderful things to say about the room.The continential breakfast was also better than some I'd seen at other hotels, and was available for a longer period of time each day as well.The staff was friendly and very helpful. One review I'd seen said that this hotel was pricey. But with all of the travel sites available these days there's no reason why anyone should have to book a vacation that's pricey. Some time  tenacity will find you a good deal, unless the person who is booking is being completely inflexable about the dates they want to visit. We got a really good deal on our travel package - and during a time too when fuel prices were sky-rocketing. We were trying to be cheap, frankly, as neither of us can afford to spend a lot of money on a get-away, and we were very happy with the price.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingSaleman
<Content>Great Location and Value Location Location LocationJust returned from stay on Aug 26th 2008. Was there scouting hotels for convention in JanuaryBooked directly their website 3 weeks in advance using Value rate. $50 plus tax including rolls and coffee in the morning. This was off season and during a week day. The rates obviously are higher other times, but did want to point out they do have some great deals at times. Am coming back in January, week day Value rates in January were only $84... about the same price as the airport Sleep Inn.Very happy with everything. Rooms size for French Quarter was great. Entire hotel was very clean and quiet considering we were 1/2 block from the middle of the action on Bourbon Street. (Google: Conti  Bourbon street New Orleans LA)Nice bar in back with patio seating outside. I did use the valet service for our car ($25.00 per night). When we pulled up in front of the hotel, a young man in uniform asked if we were checking in, and directed us to pull in to the driveway leading into the hotel. When we checked out I told the desk clerk we would be leaving at 7:00, had a roll and coffee, and exactly at 7:00 our car pulled into the drive... Could not have asked for more.Look forward to return in January  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Engfish
<Content>Nice, but pricey We stayed at the Prince Conti because we wanted some place special to celebrate our son's 21st birthday. The room was clean and comfortable, and even though the hotel was less than a half a block from all the action on Bourbon Street, it was very quiet. I would have given this hotel an excellent rating except that despite the fact that rooms were listed for $59 online and the fact that we were quoted a price of $79, we were charged $100 plus, and a $28 (not $25 as stated) fee for parking. On the plus size, the staff was all very friendly and even gave our son his own key. Also, the hotel bar, The Bombay Club, was a wonderful bar for grownups. The atmosphere was very laid back and the live performer, a piano player, played entertaining but non-typical pieces. No Piano Man here! Too bad it closed so early. On the minus side was the cost and the continental breakfast, which did not include any milk or cereal.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Towleway
<Content>Can't get much better for the money Want a quaint place to grab some z's after a night out on Bourbon St.? Here you go. We booked this place direct from their website and got a $67 a night rate there for the weekend. As with anything else, keep in mind you get what you pay for. This is not the four seasons. Our room was pretty small, but if you're going to New Orleans for luxury, you're probably going for the wrong reasons in the first place. The room was clean, the bed was fine, and everything worked. No funky smells, no bugs, just a nice place to sleep after a night on the town. The front desk staff were great. Very accommodating. The hotel is about a block from Bourbon St. It's close enough to walk and far enough away to get a quiet night's sleep. We'd certainly go back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>proudrcf
<Content>Loved the Prince Conti Arriving at the prince conti the valet was a bit confusing. I'm definately not used to the one way streets of new orleans so I had to do a few laps around the conti until my wife and brother found out what I was supposed to do. The rooms were actually very nice; mine with a king size bed. They included everything you needed ironing board, coffee pot etc. Everyday the cleaning staff did a great job and it was nice coming back from a full day of new orleans. The location couldn't have been better as I literally dropped my car off at valet ($25/night) and didn't touch it until we left. We walked everywhere but everything is definately in walking distance. The continental breakfast is nothing to brag about but is still nice. I have had worse at other hotels. The only thing I really had a slight problem with was the staff at the front service counter. They always seemed grumpy especially when we arrived which wasn't a very nice welcome. All in all our trip was great and so was our prince conti hotel. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a great location for a great price.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>flaguy
<Content>Decent Hotel Just off Bourbon Street       My room on the 2nd floor  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobSport
<Content>Thumbs up to the Prince Conti       Team on the balcony overlooking Conti St.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>goehringw
<Content>Don't Stay Here I read TripAdvisor prior to most trips and have stayed in their top-rated hotels in many cities. The reviews are generally very reliable. The high rating for this hotel is a mystery to me. Like everyone says, this hotel is on the edge of the French Quarter. We had a king room. It was clean and the bed was fairly comfortable. The furnishings were in good condition in a Queen Anne style. The bathroom was in good condition but extremely small. I bumped my chin on the sink when I sat down on the facing toilet. The lobby (the front desk, a couch and a valet podium) is separated from the breakfast area by a driveway. The arrangement reminds me of the service department at an auto dealership. The major problem we had with the hotel is the lack of soundproofing in the rooms and an inability to get any sleep. The noise is not comming from Bourbon Street. It is coming from within the hotel itself. You hear everyone coming and going, doors being closed or slammed and toilets flushing all around you. Our next door neighbors sounded just like Meg Ryan in the restaurant scene from When Harry Met Sally. I will definitely look elsewhere when travelling to New Orleans. This place was a major disappointment.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>Mytravelreview68
<Content>Average hotel with Bourbon St Noise This hotel building used to be a chemical warehouse in the Quarter not too long ago. They forget to tell you that.Okay, the room we were in had no ceiling fan. It does have a small television and coffee maker. The coffee is very good. The complimentary breakfast is awful; just looked at it couldn t eat it. The breakfast area is in a glass cage with a bunch of guests sitting and grabbing free coffee and orange juice. Avoid the Deja Vu bar across the street which is a hang out for the bad guys and girls. The noise unfortunately from Bourbon Street is like a boom box-not loud but can feel it viberating in the early am hours -it will wake you up. The Bombay Club costs minimum$8-10 for a very small 6 oz a drink plus tip. Hotel is good for a 1-2 night stay, on business or Bourbon Street fun. It is definitely not for families or kids. Also as others have mentioned here, the staff is completely unfriendly and not courteous. Overall, if you can t afford a good hotel, this could be an option. Try the Hotel St Louis as a nice option. Very basic, acceptable, a three of five stars. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>NOLALush
<Content>I loved it!!!       Front view of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KarenOK
<Content>Loved the Prince Conti My husband and I stayed at the Prince Conti on June 17-20th. Prior to arriving, my husband contacted the hotel and told them we were celebrating our 20th anniversary and also his safe return home from Iraq. He asked if the hotel could provide something special upon our arrival or an upgrade. When we arrived at the hotel, they had upgraded our deluxe room (military rate) to a large suite with a king sized bed. They also sent up complimentary champagne to celebrate our special ocassion. This was definitely a nice touch and a great way to start our vacation time together. The hotel is located 1/2 block off of Bourbon St. We did not rent a car, but was within walking distance to Jackson's Square, riverwalk area, and many popular attractions. Considering the location of this hotel and it's location to Bourbon St., there was virtually no noise at all and we always had a comfortable night's rest each night.Just a few suggestions to do while in NOLA: We visited the WWII musuem and was highly impressed with the establishment. A musuem that had a lot of artifacts and actual veterans there to visit with you about their own personal experiences. If you like Italian food, then you must try Tony Moran's on Bourbon St. We ate there the first night and it was the best Italian food we have ever eaten. The atmosphere and the staff was top notch.The Prince Conti did not disappoint. In fact, they went above and beyond to meet our needs. The staff was always helpful and friendly. Thanks Prince Conti employees for making this a vacation that my husband and I will always cherish. The only hotel for us in NOLA is the Prince Conti.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewsWriter07
<Content>Wonderful place to stay This hotel is in a perfect location and walking distance to everything in the French Quarter. It's very close to Bourbon Street but far enough away that you can't hear the noise at night when you're going to sleep. It's also walking distance to Cafe Du Monde, the French Market and Canal Street. The outside of the place is well lit and the rooms are nice.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>adamhadem
<Content>great overall We had a wonderful stay at the Prince Conti from June 20-24. If you read enough of these reviews you get a good sense of the highs and lows of a particular property. In perusing the reviews I noticed that some people had nice rooms and others complained of worn furniture and carpeting. I called the hotel and was advised that rooms are renoved a few at a time. I requested a renovated room and they replied that they would see what they could do. Upon check in we were upgraded to a beautiful mini suite!!! This was really nice of the hotel management and made our trip that much more enjoyable and memorable. There were also numerous complaints about the free continental breakfeast in the reviews. Having experienced the free continental breakfast first hand I can tell you that there is juice (including fresh squeezed orange juice), coffee, fresh crouisants, assorted fresh danish and assorted fruit, which is exactly what one would expect at a free continental breakfast. everything was fresh, delicious and, did I mention FREE. I dont see what all of the complaing was about.The location is wonderful. The loudest bar on Bourbon Street is the Famous Door, which is about fifty feet away from the hotel, yet you cannot hear a sound from your room. We did not have a car and never felt we needed one. The entire french quarter is within easy walking distance. We walked to the St. Charles Street car and rode all through the garden district. We walked back from Comanders Palace, which was real nice until we left the garden district, then things got a little shady, but we made it back in one piece. We took the ferry to algiers and went to mardi gras world, which was a bit pricey and kind of a tourist trap, but highly recomended none-the-less. We did a cemetary tour with haunted tours which was great. I did not pack any long pants as New Orleans is kind of like a festering tropical hell hole in the summer. As such, I could not eat at the Bombay Club, Commander's Palace, Antione's, Gallatiore's or any of the other really fancy places. However, we did not have a single bad meal the entire time we were there. We ate lunch at Monty's, the Napolean House (twice) and Felix's. We had Dinner at NOLA, Mr. B's, Muriels and we got takeout from the German bistro accross the street from the hotel. Every single one of these places I highly recomend. The food was my favorite thing about New Orleans.The only thing we did not like about our hotel was the view, however, we spent little time in the room. Ms. B's bistro is only open for the free continental breakfast. It would have been nice to have a casual bistro in the hotel.But otherwise the Prince Conti Hotel is a tremendous value and a nice hotel in a great location. I will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>chiquita2007
<Content>Good hotel This hotel is about 1/2 a block off Bourbon Street so it can get a little noisy at times. However, that didn't bother us at all. It's clean and comfortable. The only thing that I didn't care for was the staff - they weren't really friendly and weren't approachable. I felt as if they couldn't be bothered with assisting me.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Belsornia
<Content>Prince Conti excellent Excellent location (surprisingly quiet despite proximity to Bourbon Street), beautiful room, everything in good condition, plentiful complimentary continental breakfast, all staff very friendly and helpful. Overall our stay was wonderful (great value too).  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aliciajoann
<Content>Charming hotel near the action! Since we got a room at this hotel for a very reasonable rate, I didn't expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is quaint and has an antique charm. The details on the doors, big brass keys, and croissant breakfast made this hotel a nice place to stay. We ate at the adjoining restaurant, The Bombay Club and sat in a cozy booth while a gentleman played the piano under a blue light. They are famous for their many varieties of martinis. It was great! The hotel is half a block from Bourbon Street (the busy part), and has valet parking. Our room didn't have a view (you pay extra for those rooms), but we weren't in it enough to even notice. I highly recommend this hotel! I will definitely stay at this hotel next time I go to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>westminsterboy
<Content>Nice hotel and a great location We just came back from a week at the Prince Conti Hotel. The hotel was in a great location, only about 1/2 block off Bourbon but miles away from any noise. The room, which was on the third floor, was clean and in a very quiet part of the hotel. The lobby had the USA Today and the local paper every morning along with many tourist brochures, which I found to be helpful. Breakfast was across from the lobby and featured croissant, pastries, orange juice, coffee, tea, apples and oranges which was enough to fill you up to begin your day. The front desk was very helpful in calling taxis and as I arrived at the hotel a little early, they asked the maid service to clean my room as soon as possible and then called me when my room was ready. And if it got too hot, they said I may use one of the pools at their sister hotels Place D'Arms or Hotel St Marie. Walking to anywhere in the French Quarter and surrounding areas was easy. It was nice to see more progress in and around the French Quarter and Canal Street. More new hotels and more new businesses and it was even busier than previous visits. Airboat Adventures was a great time and strongly recommended. The guides know their stuff and are on first names basis with the alligators, which can venture up on to the boats, but you will not be harmed. The Natchez Steamboat is lazy fun going down the river with a drink in hand. You cannot get better food than Commander's Palace, that was the best meal I have ever eaten. Court of the Two Sisters Brunch, Brennans and The Gumbo Shop are also top notch. They are still working on the French Market but it is looking good with more vendors. New Orleans is coming back and I am glad to help in this venture.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KCL57
<Content>What a great place for a French Quarter stay! Booked run of the house on Travelocity to add a spur of the moment additional night onto my daughter's 21st birthday trip ( wanted her to wake up in NOLA on her birthday! ) What a treat. First, free valet parking couldn't be beat, included with the Travelocity booking. Check in was easy, and adding an additional guest to our room was fast  no hassle! There was 1 elevator to the upper levels. The real keys were great, easy to slip into a pocket. And our room, WOW. When I booked run of the house I didn't expect much. I even called 3 days before our trip  confirmed that the hotel had our reservation. I had to run out to the car, and my daughter  her friend went up to the room before I did. I opened the door, and again, WOW. Room 251 faces Conti St. We had a 2 room suite, the living room had a sofa bed with 2 end tables, 2 large chairs, coffee table and armoire with a TV. The bathroom, attached to the living room, was nice, with the vanity area separate from the tub  toilet. The room had pocket doors between the living area  bedroom, which had 2 very comfortable beds with nightstands, desk with a chair, 2 more large chairs, another armoire with another TV and a small table holding the coffee maker. We had an exposed brick fireplace, and 5, count them, 5 huge windows! The rooms had tall ceilings with ceiling fans, and plenty of lamps. The room was very quiet, with the most street noise coming from car stereos on the street, and also from an ambulance driver trying to get traffice to move out of the way. The view was of Broussard's, and 2 large palm trees. The windows had great drapes, altho access to the drape pulls was a little challenging at some of the windows, had to move the chairs to get to them. There were no closet doors. The room had 1 luggage rack, and an iron and ironing board. There were extra pillows and blanket for the sofa bed, and plenty of towels, and nice toiletries. The room was very clean. There was an ice machine down the hall, and a soda and snack machine.Breakfast was a pretty good continental breakfast, coffee, tea, orange juice, croissants, pastries, fruit, with jams and jellies at each table. We got a coupon on check-in for a free appetizer or bottle of wine with dinner at the in-house restaurant. The bistro advertised 42 ( I think) martinis!!The server at breakfast was the person who told us about being able to use the pool at the Conti sister hotel further into the Quarter, information that I guess should have come from the front desk, but as we were only staying 1 night wasn't really an issue for us. We didn't use the internet at all. The valet parking staff was very polite, and very quick getting our car. The location couldn't be beat, making a late night on Bourbon Street an easy option. The hotel is right down the street from the Vieux Carre police station.  Great place, will definitely go back.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Goalie20
<Content>We very much enjoyed our stay. Great location. We spent three nights at the Prince Conti from 06/12 to 06/15. We were on the third floor in in the middle of the hotel. Two double beds and a view of other rooms and a small roof top. The room was a decent size and they were very clean. The beds were very comfortable. The washroom was on the small size but we didn't live in it so it was fine. Not a lot of space for toiletries, only a small glass shelf.The only noise we heard was from the adjoining room one night from some drunken guests. This was not the hotels fault and they addressed it. The front desk staff was pleasant and helpful. We had an extra charge upon check out and it was taken care of efficiently.We were very pleased with this hotel because it has some character. If you want a fancy, full amenities hotel then you should look elsewhere. If you want a clean, friendly hotel in a great location then stay at the Price Conti. For the price I don't think it can be beat.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JimmyOlson
<Content>Try it. You'll like it We had a little bit of apprehension, but everything turned out great. The room was a bit small, with a bed, closet, and TV, but what else do you need in New Orleans. The mattress was excellent. The room was clean. The bathroom was large and very nice. There was some street noise on Saturday night but, hey, it's Bourbon Street. You can't complain about that. The Staff was nice. The location was excellent.. Great continental breakfast. We'll be back.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Patcee
<Content>Lots of extras for the right price! We reserved one of their suites well in advance because it appeared to offer a lot for a very reasonable rate, and we weren't disappointed. Room 104 on the ground floor is across the carriageway from the main part of the hotel and is way in the back of the property, very quiet and secluded. The suite was huge (more like an apartment, actually), with a separate bedroom, nice-sized bathroom down the hall, a full kitchen (although not equipped, it had a full-sized functioning refrigerator and an up-to-date microwave), and an entertaining/living area, which included a massive board room table complete with 10 leather swivel chairs! And both the living area and the bedroom had french doors opening out into your own small, private courtyard surrounded by a high brick wall. The only real drawback was that there was very little natural light in the suite, as the only windows were the smallish french doors opening onto the courtyard. The kitchen and board room area had no windows or natural light at all. As a result, the entire suite was rather dark and dim. But having such a huge space (maybe around 1200 sq ft), good and free wireless internet, refrigerator, microwave, private courtyard, light continental breakfast, and good and efficient service, in our opinion, more than made up for the lack of light.As many others have said, the condition of the room and hotel were excellent and the front desk staff were very helpful and well informed. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and accommodating. The parking attendants were also very efficient, especially given the very small in and out carriageway drive through.It was a great experience for our wonderful stay in New Orleans. Thank you everyone at Prince Conti!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1GreatArmyWife
<Content>Rude staff Living in Louisiana, I've been to NO several times. Up until THIS visit I usually stayed at the Hilton, a great place. This time the folks I traveled with wanted to stay a little closer to 'the action' so I booked a room at the PC. Located on Conti St, the hotel parking garage was VERY narrow and diffucult to navigate...my fault for having an Explorer I guess. Next we had to deal with Anne, the front desk clerk. A rude, difficult woman who became aggitated and surley when we apparently asked too many questions like, what's a good ghost tour? and who makes the best mufalettas? Yes, the front desk person is ALSO the concierge, kind of low rent I thought. After a few more questions she finally snapped, I don't know everything about New Orleans, there are brochures over there and tossed our room key at us. She never mentioned the free breakfast and we were never given the coupons that you're supposed to get at checkin...we found out about this the next day from another desk clerk. The room as OK, clean, but very small. It was also very near to Bourbon St and the area was safe for walking even late at nite. For those reasons I MIGHT go back, but I pretty sure I can get the same the same things WITH good service at another place.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>jbaker6178
<Content>Convenient and Friendly The location was perfect, we were one block from Bourbon St. and there is easy access from the freeway. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We brought our two small children with us as we were passing through on our way to Florida and wanted to spend two days in New Orleans. Hotel was very clean for an old building and I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RGV_Tech_Girl
<Content>Marvelous Hotel in French Quarter Great location. Excellent staff. Free Continental breakfast. Free Internet connection in rooms. Clean. Modest price. Forgot to turn in my keys and had to mail them back. Staff was very understanding. I find nothing to complain about this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mibster
<Content>Wonderful group accomodations A group of 30+ stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel for Memorial Day weekend to celebrate a class reunion. The hotel's location is outstanding, and the staff are very friendly and helpful, even with special requests. They give you an actual key too, which is a nice change from a key card, and easier to find in your pocket or bag.I wandered into other friends' rooms, and while they vary in layout and view, all are very comfortable and clean. The cleaning staff didn't notice that I'd flipped my Privacy Please sign to Maid Service Please, so you might want to call the front if you've had a hang tag on your door. Even so, they left me a handy bag of fresh towels and supplies.Be advised that one person was given conflicting information when requesting a cot. It seems they are deemed a fire hazard, so if you really need one, call well in advance for arrangements.And though they have WiFi for a charge, don't expect all the big-chain-hotel amenities - this is an old-fashioned hotel, which is part of its charm. I had a 2nd story view of the street and saw a parade of people complete with masks, musicians and beads party their way into Broussard's across the street! It was a true NOLA experience.The Bombay Club downstairs hosted our Saturday night event, and it could not have been more lovely. The food, the service,  the entertainment were excellent. And at $50 a head, quite reasonable too. When there isn't a big group or a jazz ensemble tearing it up in there, it's a nice cool quiet place for a yummy cocktail and conversation.The $99 group rate made it well worth the trip. Even without a group, I'd gladly stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>traveler32pitt
<Content>A European Style hotel in New Orleans...awesome! The Prince Conti Hotel is a great hotel! First, the location is awesome! It's only 1 block from Bourbon Street. The staff is also very accomodating. During my trip, I need help with taxis and the staff gladly called me a cab every time. In addition, the staff gave me directions and suggestion to and from great restuarants in the city. The rooms are very nice and clean. What I like most about the hotel though, is its European style. It's classy and beautiful in a tight space. I will definitely staying there again!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigWoof
<Content>All you could ask for We stayed for 6 nights at the Prince Conti after combining the stellar reviews and the reasonable price. We requested a quiet room in the back and sure got what we asked for. They gave us room 248, which was in effect a mini-suite, with one part consisting of a room with desk, couch, TV, and 3 other tables, there were 2 small closets, and toward the back, a very large area with king size bed, tables and lamps, and a large chair. All the furnishings were attractive, and in the antique style. Although the hotel is 2/3 block from Bourbon St. there is absolutely no noise from that direction. The only noise we heard was on the weekend from the hotel's nightclub, directly below our room, and that was well-muffled jazz, very pleasant, and ended about 12:30. The continental breakfast was very satisfactory - fresh juices, croissants and pastries, coffee and tea, and fruit - don't know what those who have complained about it expect from a free continental breakfast. All the staff were always pleasant and accomodating, and yes the housekeeping staff was extremely friendly and efficient. Our stay helped contribute to a very pleasant week. We got a complete confirmation upon reserving, a reminder about a week before arrival, and a thanks after our stay, indicating that the management has the guests in mind and cares about their stay and their opinions.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tstrayer76
<Content>Very nice with French Quarter Charm       Courtyard facing doors to the living area  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>tnhogg
<Content>Nice Hotel for the area I was traveling on business and had my wife and 8 month old along for the trip. The Prince Conti was a nice hotel for what we were paying...very clean, good size rooms...just a little old. But hey, thats new orleans and part of its charm. If on business, I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RubyLynda
<Content>Perfect Jazz fest I've stayed at the Prince Conti several times in the past after taking advantage of a low rate teaser I found at the Rest Stop on the InterState years ago. I was so pleased with the location, amenities and friendly staaf, that I don't even bother to look for other hotels in New Oreleans. This time I was able to book a room during Jazz Fest and not feel ripped off by price spikes for a very popular weekend. My friends and I are ready to book again for next year.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrsBanker
<Content>LOVED the Conti! My husband and I (both in our mid-20s) booked our stay at the Prince Conti Hotel well in advance and were given a GREAT rate through the website for pre-paying for our stay. Including tax, for three nights we only spent $315, and part of our stay was over the weekend!We stayed in a King Suite (#366) that was very roomy. We had a nice view of the city skyline from our windows. My only complaints regarding the room itself, are the lack of counter space in the bathroom and the internal noise (voices of people in the hallway coming right thru our door). These were both very minor in the whole scheme of things.The real keys (as opposed to the cards you swipe) are a very nice touch. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful. There are lots of brochures available in the lobby as well as a laptop computer that can be used to print your boarding passes if you are leaving by plane. Although the location is only 1/2 block north of Bourbon St., it was VERY quiet at night. We never would have been able to tell we were that close to the nightlife!**Just an extra tip: Deja Vu restaurant is located on Conti St, across the street from the hotel. They have some fantastic Po Boys! My husband and I actually ate there twice in one day and it was very affordable. They're open 24/7.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KKemp
<Content>A French Quarter GEM! The best accommodation at the best price in the ideal location in the French Quarter that I could find for 3 girlfriends traveling together on a budget. Prepared for adequate, I was delighted with the roomy and comfortable suite which was way beyond my expectation. In my experience, the hotel's staff are it's best asset. They are informed, friendly and professional. It was the ideal spot for first-time visitors to New Orleans.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>redheadedwoman
<Content>Perfect place for me! I read about the Prince Conti in a guidebook, and thought it sounded too good to be true. Not so! If what you are looking for is a small hotel with a great location and incredible prices, the Prince Conti is perfect.Mine was a midweek stay, and I arrived very early in the day. I had intended just to check my suitcase with the front desk, but since my room hadn't been stayed in the night before, the Conti checked me in at 11am! The suite I stayed in was huge, and in perfect shape. I didn't have any noise issues, but as I said, I was there midweek. Amy, at the front desk, is wonderful. She is so personable, and was able to answer all my questions. She could just as easily be a concierge at one of the luxury hotels. I'll be looking forward to my next trip to NO, and my next stay at the Conti!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prettiness
<Content>Would definitely return to the Prince Conti This was my first trip to NO, my friend's third. We were both so pleased with the hotel. Fabulous location on a nice street in the French Quarter. It's only a half block off Bourbon Street, but still relatively quiet. It's clean and pretty. I love the REAL keys. The staff was so friendly and helpful. I absolutely recommend it, and plan on staying here again next time I'm in New Orleans, which will hopefully be soon.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Lov-Trav
<Content>Convenient location, nice price and Quiet We stayed at Prince Conti Hotel April 29, 2008 it a fantastic place half a block from Bourbon Street. Big rooms 12-foot ceilings, Kings Size bed, clean tile restrooms. I'd recommend this Hotel to anyone that really wants to get a feel for the French Quarter. I would stay here again this was truly amazing value for the money. For the free no hassle valet parking was fast  efficient. There is no such thing as free parking in the Quarters; Hotel charges $28.00 a night to park in a secure area.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>256Eve
<Content>Great location! Hotel is in a great location, in the center of the French Quarter. Staff is very helpful and courteous. Room was clean and spacious. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lricci4903
<Content>Easter in NOLA We spent Easter weekend in New Orleans and stayed at The Prince Conti again. We were in NOLA over Halloween and found this gem, so it will be the only place we will stay from now on! The staff is always engaging and helpful, the rooms are spotless and roomy and the location can't be beat. The easter baskets Ann placed in our room were a great touch and we look forward to returning again soon! We feel like we are family there and higly recommend it to anyone and everyone we can!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>larrydunn
<Content>LOVED, LOVED, LOVED Prince Conti Hotel I had never been to New Orleans and my friends had been talking about taking me for about a year. They are frequent visitors, they booked the hotel and told me I would love it. It amazed me how close it was to Bourbon Street and how friendly the staff was. The room itself was very comfortable and clean. Housekeeping works very hard and does a fantastic job.The staff made me feel very welcome. I've worked for a hotel before and this one had the service part down.I plan on visiting Prince Conti Hotel again very soon.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daddysbadgirl
<Content>Prince Conti Hotel is wonderful! The Prince Conti Hotel is a fantastic place to stay. Great location, reasonable rates, and a very nice staff.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UgAbUgA11
<Content>A real NO feel Arrived Thursday afternoon for the FQF. Easy checkin, real brass keys. Had the one bedroom suite, which cost the same as a double bed at Monteleone. Queen bed, small bathroom, sitting room, furnished with a foldout bed, two big chairs, a TV, and wetbar w/fridge. Adequate closet space. Only negative was the window opened to the indoor hallway. Amazingly quiet being so close to Bourbon. Anything north of Bourbon of is extremely quiet...almost residential. I'd recommend this Hotel to anyone that really wants to get a feel for the French Quarter.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>RompinRon
<Content>Beyond Expectations After seeing rooms shown on the internet and reading reviews we chose Prince Conti. It was awesome! we've never been to NO before, and wanted to stay in the quarter. Conti is right in the heart, but very quiet. Our room was very large and a pleasant surprise.This was truly amazing value for the money. The no hassle valet parking was fast  efficient. Our only disappointment was that the breakfast bistro very poor selection of breakfast items(sticky buns)  no orange juice.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>katamie
<Content>Good but not great We stayed at the Prince Conti for 7 nights in February. This was my third trip to NOLA and although this probably was the best location, it was not the best hotel. The price was good especially when they gave a Triple A discount (CAA for us Canadians). It is just one block down from Bourbon Street - close to the action but not right on top of it - and walking to all parts of the French Quarter from the hotel was a breeze. The room itself was fine - nothing special but NOLA is not about staying in your room! The bathroom was tiny and had only one very small shelf to hold toiletry items which didn't work very well for 2 people. The hotel itself was clean but housekeeping seemed to have trouble getting things right - one day our room was not cleaned until after 4:00 when we had left at 9:00 in the morning. They also forgot to empty the coffee grounds from the coffee maker and leave fresh coffee, and we had to ask for more soap and shampoo. We also requested additional pillows from one of the housekeepers in the hall; she never did return. We asked again the next day and were told that they didn't have any extras. One of the best things about the hotel was the French Quarter Deli that we discovered just a few doors down the street. They had excellent food, and their takeout menu said they were open until 4:00 a.m. most nights and they would deliver to local hotels. We didn't try out the delivery service but we did get takeout a couple of times and it was excellent!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>JetSetGirl6
<Content>Convenient and Quiet My husband and I recently went to New Orleans for our first wedding anniversary. Several friends went went us, but we were the only ones from our group to stay at Prince Conti. We lucked out! Compared to their hotel, Prince Conti was a dream come true. Although our room did not have elevator access, we had the entire third floor all to our selves. Due to it's location, the hotel has the convenience of Bourbon Street - it's less than a block away from the entrance - but does not get any of the noise. We slept like babies each night. The room was spacious, clean, huge bathroom, plenty of hot water and the decor made us feel like we were in New Orleans. The hotel does offer a free breakfast, but we never made it! It's about a twenty minute, $30 cab ride to/from the airport for two people. Right off Bourbon Street, Prince Conti is close to pretty much everything, and about a 10 minute walk to the water front.I'm not quite sure how this hotel would be for children/families. We didn't see any coming or going, but New Orleans/Bourbon Street isn't necessarily a family vacation kind of ciity!Our friends were jealous when they saw the size of our room compared to their little shoeboxes and Prince Conti has already made the list for next year's trip!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ramp builder
<Content>Great small hotel in New Orleans Good deal in New Orleans. ($89/night on the weekend). A block off Bourbon Street so convenient yet not noisy. The room was fine - very similar to photo on web site. Roomy enough, clean, up-to-date-bath and a great king sized bed. Desk clerks were helpful with recommendatiuons for food. Breakfast OK - just coffee, juice and so-so rolls. How about a pitcher of water.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Longwood Traveler
<Content>Convenient location, nice price We stayed here for one night - on St. Patrick's Day - and had a nice stay. The room was a little dark (as were the hallways) but it was clean and comfortable. Internet connection worked fine. The room had no view to speak of which may have been a plus because we didn't hear any of the street noise from Bourbon Street. The free breakfast was awful. Not typical of New Orleans. The location of the hotel is excellent and the price is well below typical accommodations in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>Kmagg
<Content>Best find in the Quarter Excellent hotel. Staff was very friendly and made excellent recommendations for places to go and eat. I would recommend two things - 1. Ask for a room not on Conti street. It is quite loud in the rooms facing Conti. Also, the bathroom windows cover the entire bathroom and are not covered by anything other than a sheer. During the day, it's no problem; nightime is a different story. The rooms not facing Conti don't have this problem.The staff was very accomodating when we asked to move to one of the back rooms.2. Book in advance - we were able to save a lot by doing this.This will be the place we stay when we go to the Quarter which is at least once a year.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Oshea33
<Content>Excellent Rooms only Surpassed By Excellent Hospitality Background:My wife and visit New Orleans 1-2 times/year. We enjoy staying at different hotels and getting different perspectives of the city we love so much. But it looks like our hotel-hopping days are over now that we have stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel. Research:Before each trip I do an exhaustive search for the perfect hotel stay. This year, after much review of online websites such asTripAdvisor, we decided to stay at the Prince Conti. People:Over the stay we intereacted with various housekeeping staff, receptionists and even the manager, all of which were pleasant and helpful. The manager went out of his way to ensure that our vacation was a special one. To get a fresh perspecitve one day a man was checking out and I asked him what he thought of the hotel. He stated that he loves the hotel and that this is the only hotel he stays at, and he's here on business a couple days each week. The manager is keen on repeat business and obviously knows the way to have people coming back time and time again. Location:The location of the Prince Conti is truly fantastic. It's less than a block from Bourbon St. and walking distance to absolutely everything in the quarter. Accomodations:We found our room to be very clean and comfortable. The only thing I have to warn you about is that the hotel does not have hundreds of rooms like the big hotel chains (Sheraton, Hilton, etc..) so book early or you might miss out on this New Orleans hidden gem. Also, I would recommend that you treat yourself and get one of the bigger rooms. They are a bit more expensive, but still quite affordable in comparison to other hotels in the quarter or downtown. AAA discount should save you a few $$$.The Big Question:As for staying at the hotel again... the answer is YES.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elh
<Content>In the heart of the French Quarter Incredible location. Just north half a block of Bourbon street, so close enough to the action, but not so close you hear the partying into the night. Besides most people head south of Bourbon street so unless people are lost, the north side of Bourbon street is pretty calm. Front desk staff varied from being incredibly helpful, giving us great restaurant recommendations to seeming put out with simple requests.The hallways and rooms could afford to be updated. Fortunately, the bathrooms are brand new. Continental breakfast (so-so) is included while their restaurant in under reconstruction.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>baconordeath
<Content>A lovely refuge amidst the chaos of Bourbon Street What a gem the Prince Conti turned out to be! My wife and I had originally planned a little romantic getaway, but in the end decided against leaving our toddler with her grandparents and brought her along. So glad we did. The hotel gave us a room that I guess you might call a studio suite -- long hallway with a big bathroom, then a nice little sitting area, then a large alcove with a king bed. Everything was tidy and comfortable, and considering the jet engine volume at the corner of Conti and Bourbon just yards away, the room was almost tomb-like in its silence. We'll stay there again without hesitation. Nice staff and convenient to pretty much everything.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KatrinaVHH
<Content>Not clean, not pretty This hotel was in a decent part of town, but it was not at all charming and was unclean. The room was in disrepair, the bathroom was absolutely tiny and difficult to use (the floor of the bathroom was inexplicably several inches higher than the room's floor and its ceiling was much lower as well, resulting in a very cramped area), and the service was dismal. I can't remember how much I paid (through Priceline) but I do remember I was not happy with the value. I would not recommend the hotel, unless you pay very little.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimawirght
<Content>Excellent Value It's all about price and location--The Conti is, just barely, a 3-star hotel but at 2-star prices in the very expensive French Quarter. The rooms are a bit worn but nicely appointed, a decent size for 1-2 people, and very clean.WiFi is free, although I had trouble maintaining a connection on the 3rd floor. When I complained, I was surprised to have Dean, the tech guy, stop by my room later that day, check for a signal, discover it was weak, answer all of my questions and then arrange for me to switch my room to get a stronger signal ( I ended up finding a sweet spot in my own room so I didn't move).The hair dryer in the room was also broken and they again replaced it with a brand new one within a few hours of me reporting it.Right in the heart of the French Quarter, near everything, there is a bar/restaurant attached. the staff is very friendly--I watched them handle my disorganized group with great grace and intelligence while dealing with polite yet tipsy guests (who, amazingly, never made noise in the evening)!Great value, highly recommended when you need a clean, nice place for a decent price.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nurse86
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!! On our second trip to New Orleans we decided to stay at the Prince Conti Hotel...which was a mistake!! When we arrived at the hotel we were told that our room was not ready. The girl at the front desk took our cell phone number and said that she would call us when the room was ready. Well, needless to say she never called. We ended up walking around the city for 5 hours!! When we finally got to our room it was musky smelling and had no windows. Our toilet would not flush and when we notified the front desk they promply sent up the valet driver with a plunger!! Who told us we had to unclog the toilet our selves!! We had requested a queen or king bed when making reservations and ended up with two doubles, we were told that would have to do. We love New Orleans but do not recommend this hotel. We travel quite a bit and have never had an issue with any other hotel. The hotel manager was very unfriendly and unhelpful.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Absense1
<Content>Amazing location, great staff, will stay at Prince Conti again!!!! The location of this hotel is absolutely the best in New Orleans' French Quarter. Literally a 30 second walk to Bourbon Street but on a side street which is perfectly quiet for when you finally decide to put down the drinks and go to sleep. Hotel is clean and offers 2 ammenities which are rare in this day and age. 1. A Free continental breakfast which is a nice start to the morning after a late night. Fresh Fruit, pastries and coffee and juice. and 2. Free wireless internet in your room. Prefect for searching hotels, checking email etc... The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are a decent size, bed is comfortable and full cable television channel lineup.....Tv is small but you are in new orleans to see the sights, hear the music and of course eat the food, not watch TV! I seriously couldn't have been happier with my stay with my fiancee. Nothing too flashy, cute boutique hotel. Great price. I stayed there on NBA All-star weekend and it was affordable and convenient to all New Orleans has to offer.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>swor21054
<Content>Very Pleasant Atmosphere We stayed at the Prince Conti for 4 nights just after Mardi Gras. Location was very close to Bourbon St., but surprisingly quiet. Our window looked out on an interior light well, which might have helped us avoid the noise from Bourbon. Everyone on staff that we encountered was very pleasant. The room was smallish, and the bathroom small but adequate. The room was very clean. All the rooms are non-smoking. Bed was very comfortable, and there were extra pillows (something I always appreciate.) Keys are old-fashioned brass keys instead of keycards. The rates were excellent. There was a free continental breakfast each morning. It was limited to fruit, some pastries, OJ, tea, and coffee.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>R60Rider
<Content>When in New Orleans I Always Stay at the Conti I have been so satisfied with my stays at the Prince Conti that I have been staying there on every visit to New Orleans for many years now. First there is location. Just a short walk off of Bourbon Street but far enough away to escape the din and noise.Directly on the other side of Bourbon on Conti St. is the Oceana Restaurant. I am from Maryland, the so-called home of the crab cake, and our restaurants need to send their chefs down to Oceana to learn how to make a real crab cake to die for. Ms. D's in the Conti is only open for breakfast and makes a great Eggs Benedict with an excellent hollandaise.On my last visit, Ms. D's was closed for renovations so the I was directed by the Conti front desk two blocks away to sister hotel St. Marie and the very helpful front desk there sent me back toward the Conti to Petunia's on St. Louis St. which can give Ms. D's some serious competition in the breakfast department.Unlike some other hotels in the Quarter, I have never gotten a room at the Conti that was not neat, clean and tastefully furnished whether it was a small, boxy sort or a multi-room suite. I have never had a problem there with my pet peeve, the shower or tub with a slow or clogged drain. The house keeping staff is the friendliest I have ever encountered anywhere, always ready with a smile and a cheery greeting when you meet them in the hallway.The Conti has the best internet site of any hotel as far as functionality with calendar pages showing the rates for each day which fluctuate by season, day of week or for special events. So if I'm not interested in a special event, I can plan my trip around their days of reduced rates which can be quite reasonable for the Quarter.On my last visit, I discovered after checking out and arriving at the train station that I had left my camera bag and expensive SLR digital camera behind. A call to the hotel assured me that the room would be thoroughly checked. I was sure that I had seen the last of my camera. At home the next day I received a call from the lady in charge of Lost  Found who seemed very enthusiastic about getting my camera back to me after it had been recovered by House Keeping. I asked if it could be sent by overnight FEDEX. I had it in my hands the very next afternoon.My only concern about writing this review is that the Prince Conti will become discovered for the great deal that it is and there'll be no room for me at the inn on my next visit.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Doolie1
<Content>Very Good for Very Little I travel around 40-55 days per year and usually only stay at major chains( Marriott etc..). After reading the reviews for this hotel I decided to give it a go since the prices (I stayed jan 23-25) where only 69$USD pls tax.I was actually a bit worried because in New Orleans you usually get about 1/2 what you pay for, since prices are quite high especially in the French Quarter.I was VERY pleasantly surprised. Although not a 5 star type room, it was NICE, clean, quiet, had charm that chain hotels cant provide. Staff are helpful and friendly. Free Continental breakfast(simple but fine) was the renovate a restaurant.The rates climb a bit(changed to about 120$) for events like mardi gra(but thats still a good deal).I moved from this hotel(no rooms availible at Conti) on the 25 to Hotel Sonesta which costs over 200$, and although a better lobby, an inferior room and service at 3 times the price..And a word of warning, do NOT stay at the holiday INN french quarter(ugly, crowded, 20 minute elevator waits, 1 hour check out, TERRIBLE rooms)  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>JuliePS
<Content>Charming Hotel and Great Location We read about this hotel on Trip Advisor and everything that was written was correct. We stayed on the 2nd floor and the room was charming and we paid $100 per night including tax. A real bargain. The location is superb. Prince Conti is a block south of Bourbon Street in a quiet neighborhood. We were very concerned the hotels near Bourbon Street were noisy. Once we entered the hotel, there was no external noise.I highly recommend this hotel and New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noplacelikehome_8
<Content>A very pleasant surprise I was simply looking for a budget sensitive hotel for a one night stay in New Orleans. Since I was traveling without my wife, it was just a place to crash. What I got, far exceeded my expectations. The Prince Conti Hotel is a small hotel one block off of Bourbon Street in New Orleans. One of the great things about it is that it is a block to the north side of Bourbon. Most of the tourist traffic goes to the south or back toward the Mississippi River. It is very close to the action but maintains a seclusive quality. The rooms that I saw were all different in shape and size, but the furnishings were consistant. The rooms are clean and well supplied. The bathrooms were equally good. Overall the rooms had a look of just completed renovation. Attached to the hotel is bar and restaurant that had the same quite comfort of the hotel. The bar boasts over 125 martinis. The property staff was friendly and accommodating. I am a long time Marriott, and Hilton customer, and with (no knock on them) this is now my hotel of choice in New Orleans. It is much like staying in the Hotel Monteleone , but is much smaller.I will be back  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wantonstoup
<Content>Average amenities akin to 2-star hotel, but great location       Prince Conti Room 1  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>westendkathy
<Content>Perfect choice for girlfriends' getaway! Several of my co-workers got together to give our former boss a retirement send-off--a long weekend in New Orleans. After researching at length, we settled on Prince Conti as being within walking distance to everything, consistently good reviews, rooms a decent size, and affordable. We got the best rate by booking directly with the hotel. We needed space for five women 40 and up. We got two rooms, rollaway bed in one room. We didn't request the location of the rooms, but the staff put us in rooms across the hall from each other. This is an older hotel, and coming in after dark, in the rain, the neighborhood looked on the dim side. A small but warm lobby cheered us up. Tip: do look at the card file in the lobby, for special offers at restaurants and tours.The elevator was small but adequate. The common areas showed some age, but in a shabby chic way. The rollaway bed was made up when we got there, and was good-sized. An extra pillow was in the closet. Furnishings were a bit hotel-generic, but functional and clean. They still have hotel stationary and postcards in the desks--a nice touch.Good hairdryer, iron, tv was provided.Linens were clean and good quality, as were the pillows--quite puffy and comfortable. The views out of both rooms were nothing special, nothing offensive, and didn't didn't detract from our stay. Bathrooms were small but functional: one small glass shelf over a pedestal sink. Good water temp and pressure. They seemed to have made the most efficient use of available space. Another nice touch: they had ample towels and washcloths for 3 people--rare these days! Maid service bought fresh towels daily. Good toiletries were provided. The breakfast restaurant was closed, so a decent continental breakfast with coffee, juice, tea, sweet rolls and crescent rolls were offered (real butter, real half-and-half provided). We did not use phone or internet service, so can't comment on that. We did notice that we could hear other guests coming in, but they were doing a fair amount of intoxicated hooping and hollering, so we didn't see that as a fault of the hotel. The Bombay Club adjoined the hotel and was excellent, if pricey, and a good intro to NOLA food for late evening arrivers.The front desk were great about checkout and letting us get our boarding passes printed, called a cab, and helped us out with our luggage. Friendly, helpful staff.Prince Conti was perfect for our needs and the location was fantastic--the area looked much better in daylight--and we were within easy walking distance to everything we wanted to do and see. All five of us would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DiverChaz
<Content>Prince Conti; Great Place to Stay in NO My wife and I stayed here over Thanksgiving. After reviewing this hotel on this website, we booked directly with them.Very courtous staff. Room was huge and clean. We had our own walled-in private outdoor patio. (Room #124).Drawback was no smoking in the room. Very quite dispite the close proximity to Bourbon street.We've stayed in the Quarter over 12 times in the last several years; each at a different hotel/BB. We will always return here.Prince Conti was the best with the best value for your $$$  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>wtracing
<Content>Very Nice Stay! We stayed at the Prince Conti from Jan 8-11 2008. We got a Deluxe Double Queen room at a rate of $58/night. Here is a quick run-down overall of the pros and cons:PROS:Cheap rate during the off season and only half a block from Bourbon Street makes for a good location (Although their sister hotel Place D'Armes is closer to Jackson Square if you plan to frequent there)Hotel staff was very friendly except for one particular woman. They also have a printer to print boarding passes in the lobby (only to print passes, the one unfriendly woman berated me while trying to print my passes) but overall they gave me the room I requested on the 2nd floor. The room was always kept very clean and tidy and the bathroom was nice w/ marble floors and counters. CONS:The free breakfast was a bit of a joke, most mornings it was just croissants with orange juice and coffee; but it was free, so not going to complain so much. (Renovating their kitchen currently so offering free continental breakfast to their guests, not sure how much longer this will last)Try to get a room in the back of the hotel farthest away from Bourbon. There is a bar right on the corner 2-3 buildings down that you can hear very well if your room faces Conti Street.The Deluxe Queen Room we got was not nearly as charming as the photo they show online; no brick wall, no antiques, etc. It was a plain hotel room, no doubt about it. You might request a room with brick wall and antiques if going, as this was one reason I found the hotel charming, but overall did not impact my stay.I really enjoyed our trip overall at the Prince Conti. Its position allowed us to safely walk around at all hours of the night without going anywhere dicey. The area is totally safe, as I thought the entire Quarter was. I was out till around 2am with no problems any night even on the quieter streets.ACME Oyster House, The Cigar Factory, The Absinthe House, and Desire Oyster House are all within just a minute or so of the hotel with Canal Street and the St. Charles Streetcar no more than a 3 minute walk.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dtsbag
<Content>Great Location in New Orleans Prince Conti Hotel is a great location in the French Quarter of New Orleans. It is within a block of Bourbon Street. I was there just before Christmas and during the week. It was quiet but may be noisy on the week ends. You can walk to everything in the quarter. The service was excellent in the hotel. They upgraded us without a problem. The maid service was very accomadating of our requesting a late room clean. Our suite was very spacious and clean. The staff even took care of getting us a cab for the ride back to the airport.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GardenerCarlisle_PA
<Content>Good experience We recently spent a weekend in New Orleans and stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff, and the location. We would definitely stay there again on a return trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jazzmina11
<Content>what a quaint hidden gem! I wanted to stay at a local hotel to experience that hospitality. And judging from their website, the Prince Conti seemed the fit. I chose it only based on location due to a conference at another nearby hotel. I saved a ton of money booking the pre-paid web value rate directly through their website. I must say that my gamble did pay off!Lovely, quaint and tucked away in the center of the French Quarter, the Prince Conti is about as good as it gets for the traveller seeking good, no-frills, well-priced accomodations. I couldn't be more pleased with my stay there. My room was wonderful with a comfy king bed. I had a third floor view overlooking the Quarter. The free wi-fi worked perfectly, so I was able to work. The bathroom was big with a huge walk-in shower. The hotel is a block from Bourbon Street and a short walk to Canal, so it's very convenient to many things. And if you like martinis, you must take in dinner at the Bombay Club right by the hotel. I can speak for the Flirtini and the BBQ shrimp cooked in Abita beer...YUMMY!Their bistro was under going renovations, so they were providing a continental breakfast which was very good...croissants, coffee, etc. They also provided free local papers and USA Todays.The staff was so very helpful with directions, attractions, holding my luggage, and calling my cab.Just a couple drawbacks if these are important to you... no pool and no workout area. (When I was there, there was a pool at a sister hotel and they had an arrangement with a local health club at $20 per day.) But I was in town on business, so I had no time to use such facilities.Beyond these... great place! hidden treasure! If you are the type who is out more seeing the town and needing a nice place to refreshen between adventures, this is it!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WillaRosen
<Content>Cute hotel, great location We stayed for three nights 11/18-20/2007 through an amazing deal on Priceline ($39/night). The hotel was in a great location and was able to accomodate our request for a king room. The room faced Conti Street and had very tall windows and ceilings and was very attractive in a European sort of way -- if you are looking for a soulless room at the Marriott, this may not be your place to stay. We could hear the late night partiers from Bourbon Street, which we found amusing, like having a balcony to the Jerry Springer show. The location was an easy walk to any location in the French Quarter and Downtown location and streetcars. We found the parking to be pricey, so we left our car at Harrah's Casino -- where parking is free if you gamble for 30 minutes. We would stay here again!!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sleepladypalmdesert
<Content>It worked for us! We stayed here for my husband's birthday. Our plane was delayed so we got in very, very late. The staff was very gracious to us arriving so late. We walked to Cafe Du Monde and had delicious Beinets at 3am. They are opened 24 hours. Then we walked down Bourbon street and had a drink...just to say we did. The front desk was great and got us reservations at Commanders Palace for my husband's special birthday dinner which was memorable. Luckily, they wrote down the reservation information for us because Commanders lost our reservation but since we had the details written down they honored us anyway and treated us wonderfully. Everything was walking distance. We also ate at K Pauls and did a Swamp tour...all that the desk staff arrainged for us. The room was a little worn...but all in all it was great fun and we would stay here again. The location is just about 1/2 block off of Bourbon Street so it is fairly quiet. The breakfast in the hotel cafe was not that good...go to petunias down the street or eat Beinets until you can't walk. Or go down to where the French Market is and there is a wonderful bakery that is worth the walk. We gained a couple of pounds...but didn't care. Worth every calorie.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JeffAstle
<Content>A quiet hotel right by Bourbon St! Ideally situated, a minute's walk from Bourbon Street but you can't hear the revelry at night. (You can hear the cleaning staff in the morning, but that seems to be the rule in U.S. hotels). Reasonably sized, well-equipped rooms, including a nice, clean bathroom. Friendly counter staff. Excellent value for money, even with the valet charge for cars.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>UtahJoe2
<Content>I have been staying here for years. My brother and I go to New Orleans two or three time per year. We discovered the Prince Conti Hotel eight years ago, and we have been staying there ever since. The hotel is conveniently located one half block off of Bourbon Street, yet it is very quiet. As always, John, Aimee, Anne, Cindy, Eric, and Lisa take very good care of us. I would recommend the Prince Conti Hotel to anyone looking for a clean, reputable hotel in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onewiththefun
<Content>A year really does make a difference! After last years wedding and our wonderful treatment within this hotel we decided we should return on our 1st anniversary this year. This hotel held a special place in our hearts and we absolutly loved it, the unique furniture, the closeness to bourbon and amazing staff all made it an easy choice. Unfortunatly though the experience was not as we hoped and our dreams of reliving our amazing wedding didn't work out as planned. While booking the hotel I was surprised that the prices had been lowered to $69.99 per night, which was a treat as last year we paid nearly double that for our special room, but that is were the positive surprises ended. Upon arriving at the hotel we checked in and all was good until we arrived at the room, all the unique furniture was gone, just hotel style furnishings filled the room, yuck. When we unpacked as we headed down stairs I asked the front desk about the furniture and was told it was just gone, quite rude actually, but never the less we weren't going to let that ruin our anniversary. The city itself was great, but just didn't seem quite the same, there seemed to be alot of rudeness among many store keepers and the people, almost like they didn't want us Canadian's down there. And the hotel was no different, except the night time parking guy, he was great and a friendly change to not so nice front desk staff. All in all the location is great and the price works well on a budget, but other than that its a hotel like so many others in the French Quarter. Why they did all the renovations and destroyed the character of this place I will never know, but my wife and I will be looking for other places to stay the next time we visit.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>brachel2000
<Content>Mediocre At Best After reading several reviews for the Prince Conti Hotel my wife and I decided to give it a try. Well we were quite disappointed in our choice soon after entering our room. The room was very dark and dingy and smelled as if we were walking into a basement. The patio was nice and the bathroom was very clean and roomy but other than that it was a bit scary. The walls were dirty and needed a new coat of paint. The carpet is very old and we didnt dare walk on it without socks on. Very disppointing and overrated in my opinion. The staff was decent and the location is good but the actual room, not so much.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>xcntrytraveler2007
<Content>Great location and price! Booked this hotel last minute. Very pleased. Awesome location, secured parking and an interesting interior. Absolutely a place we will consider again the next time we are in NOLA.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SleepyMike
<Content>Conti - Excellence in the French Quarter Conti was great!!! The staff was fun and full of great places to send us in the French Quarter. We loved the room, it was clean and elegant with high ceilings and good ventilation. The bathrooms had recently been remodeled and looked great!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zenlunatic
<Content>Impeccable in EVERY detail !!! From the moment we arrived for my girlfriends 21st birthday, we were treated like royalty. Every time we went downstairs, we were greeted by every worker and asked if there was ANYTHING they could do for us. The valets were incredible giving us all kinds of great idea's of where to go and where to eat. Only a block off Bourbon street, I highly recommend this hotel and it's beautiful ambiance to ANYONE looking to enjoy their first trip (or hundredth trip) to New Orleans. Jonathan Risko III theinspiredzenlunatic@yahoo.com  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kacysox52
<Content>Lets keep this place to ourselves! My boyfriend and I stayed here October 14-16, 2007. Everything about our stay was perfect! We had no problems at all. I booked our room on the hotels website and requested a room on the second floor. My request was granted and we had a beautiful room. I asked for the second floor based on other reviews but I am pretty sure that the entire hotel is remodeled and any floor would be just as good. I loved the old fashioned room keys, the wood paneled ceiling, and the huge bed. There was not much to look at out of our window. So if you are looking for a hotel with a view this is not the place for you. The location can't be beat. We were able to make numerous bathroom breaks between eating and drinking. The street was well lit and friendly. I can not wait to come to New Orleans again and stay at this hotel! My only fear is the hotel will be in such high demand the prices will rise! Lets keep this place a secret!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pakcfan
<Content>Cindy @ Prince Conti I would like to thank Cindy for making our first stay in New Orleans a great experience. I've travelled a great deal, and I can state unequivocally that cindy is one of the best Concierges I have dealt with in a long time. there is no detail that she has left unattended,and her recommendations/reservations have been first class. I must confess that I was a bit reluctant to stay in the Prince Conti, sinceit is not a full service facility. Cindy has made up for this w/ her personal service, and I would personally recommend the Prince Conti for a stay in the French Quarter BECAUSE of her.David J Ceraul,EsqBangor,PA  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Realaloha
<Content>Great Value - Great Location Great location; clean room; high ceilings. Pleasant and accommodating staff. Small efficient room decorated nicely. We had a room with a window but not much of a view. A lot of rooms are located on an interior corridor so ask for a window if natural light is important to you. Couldn't beat the Value Price on hotel website. Walls thin and could hear neighbors TV and people in hallway. Restaurant was being renovated so complimentary continental breakfast (coffee, croissants and pastries) was offered.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelerIndianapolis
<Content>Great place to stay in the French Quarter Four of us stayed - in 2 separate reasonably priced rooms, both clean, comfortable and well appointed. On sight/off street parking with valet with made exploring the larger city so convenient. There was a one time charge for car retrieval no matter how many times we got the car out to use it. Great service. The hotel is one short block off Bourbon Street and within easy walking distance to everything in the French Quarter. We all gave the Prince Conti thumbs up and would definitely return sometime. Our only criticism was that the pillows need to be replaced as they were a bit old and flat. Overall a great place to stay while visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>ckbrowder
<Content>Almost wanna keep this place a secret! This place is a real gem. The elevator (yes, just one) was very slow and that was annoying, but the price, hotel staff, clean rooms and perfect location (1/2 block from Bourbon Street) made up for that one thing. What a find! We are planning on making this hotel a part of my husband's yearly birthday weekend celebration!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>PensacolaRoadie
<Content>Clean, Cheap and Friendly I stayed at the Prince Conti for one night, and wished I could stay for a few more. The hotel is located directly off of Bourbon Street, and has a wonderful 24 hour bar right across the street. The room was clean and ample sized for two people. The view out the window left something to be desired, but then again, I didn't spend much time in the room anyway. The hotel was very reasonable in price, though it doesn't include the 24 bucks for valet parking per day if you're driving there. The hotel also offered a bunch of services that I didn't need, like internet and business related stuff. If you need it, it's there for a nominal fee, but don't be a sucker and spend ALL your time in the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>davis-family
<Content>good location some rude staff We booked through Priceline for 2 nights. Its a great location. Room was fine. Several things didn't work. They were fixed promptly. I wanted to print something out and the night clerk said the hotel didn't have a printer and I thought was very rude. I didn't think much of that but we stayed in a hotel a few nights later and I made the same request. They said just to come down to the front desk and it was printed in a very short while. I think some not all of the front desk personnel need some personality training! Otherwise everything else was great.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>travelbug025
<Content>Prince Conti Hotel, New Orleans I just spent four nights at the Prince Conti. I had booked a room with 2 beds, however, upon our arrival my aunt and I requested a suite. The desk clerk was very helpful and accommodating. The suite was lovely and very clean. I would highly recommend this quaint hotel in a very nice location. All desk clerks were nice, and helpful. Our beds were made every day and the room cleaned. The sheets were even changed after the second day.I would stay again at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greggeast
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location I booked our Prince Conti stay through Travelocity, using the Good Buy pre-pay deal. We were very satisfied with the quality of the hotel for the price we paid, especially considering the free valet parking. The ease of booking through Travelocity was a plus, as well. Although it was not needed, the Travelocity guarantee was also a reason I chose that website for booking.We arrived late evening, after driving through the rain bands of Tropical Storm Humberto. It was nice to be able to pull into their covered valet drop off. The valet quickly greeted us, took care of our luggage, and personally walked us to the front desk. We were quickly checked into our room and issued keys. Yes, old fashion keys; not the best way to handle room access, in my opinion.Our room was spacious, with 15-foot ceilings and two double beds. The beds were clean and well made, but the mattresses were definitely not premium and were aged, as might be expected in the French Quarter. The bathroom was small, but very clean with a pedestal sink and well placed shower nozzle.The TV had plenty of channels, but lacked the expected hotel entertainment menu system (which was no big deal considering our plans to eat and drink on our vacation). There was a desk and a wing-backed armchair, as well as a small table. The closet was adequate size for two to four travelers. There was a hair dryer and an iron with an ironing board.The hotel is located less than 1/2 block from Bourbon Street and about 3 blocks from Canal. There was no street noise in our second floor room, even though our window faced Bourbon Street. You could hear the people in the room above us walking around, but it was not much of a disturbance.We utilized the valet two times during our 3-night stay. Both times, the response was quick and courteous.Check out was as quick as check in, with no hidden charges or surprises. I suggest not paying for the telecommunications package, even if you need the internet, as their (or someone's) WiFi was unsecured and accessible to anyone.I would definitely recommend the Prince Conti hotel to other travelers, including singles, couples, and families. I am not sure about business travelers, as I didn't check out that portion of the hotel.We did not eat at the restaurants or drink at their bar. There are too many other great places that we have yet to try in New Orleans.Go visit the Big Easy; they need you!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jeepgirl288
<Content>A Real Treasure A real treasure, the Prince Conti Hotel located directly in the French Quarter far exceeded my expectations. With a truly friendly staff, my economy room located on the 3rd floor was very well kept, beautifully appointed, and to my great relief, exceedingly clean. Though there were no windows in this particular room, a high skylight offered ample sunlight during the day and provided enough privacy to leave open at night while listening to the bustling crowds on Bourbon Street. The replica period furnishings were a fantastic touch and even the bathroom had a vintage appeal. I also happened to glimpse the rooms located on the second floor--the floor I will book on my next visit. With their soaring ceilings and equally beautiful furnishings, these rooms seem to embody all the decadent grandeur that is New Orleans. For the experience I had, I would expect the nightly rate to be at least three times what I paid. The Prince Conti is a truly tasteful hotel where location is key, but thankfully not everything.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HViddy
<Content>Highly Recommended We requested a room on the 2nd floor (based on other reviews) and loved our room. It was French inspired and had a huge bathroom. I especially liked the high ceilings, exposed wall and ceiling fan. There was obviously some remodeling going on, on that floor-so I would suggest asking for that floor! It is literally only steps away from Bourbon street and is located in the heart of the action. However, as others have said-you are close enough for the action and for an emergency trip to the bathroom. The staff was very nice and even wished me a happy birthday on my birthday! I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Needless to say-the Ritz it ain't-but it is a charming little gem of a hotel. Have fun in 'Nawlins!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	4	3	-1	

<Author>tigerlou
<Content>Simply the best !!! Just loooved it !!!! FABULOUS HOTEL !!!!!Do go BACK to New Orleans !(The French Quarter and surroundings ARE STILL INTACTand full of life !)and stay at the Prince Conti Hotel !!! My fianc and I have found it absolutely charming ! He has visited New Orleans many times but this was my first time and I can assure you that when we return, we will once more stay at this lovely romantic hotel...Prince Conti Hotel offers newly renovated, clean, classy, stylish, lavish romantic rooms at very affordable prices and is located 2 minutes away from the famous Bourbon Street !!! We had a ball !!!!Everyone there went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable and make us feel welcome...Thank you again to EVERYONE there for an unforgettable stay...Louise (Montreal, Quebec, Canada)andSren (Copenhagen, Denmark)  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vanmer
<Content>a lovely stay This was my first trip to New Orleans, and I loved my room at the Prince Conti. The unseasonably cool weather and some rainy days didn't matter at all. The room was cozy and well-furnished with a beautiful antique bed. The hotel itself is well-maintained and thoughtfully staffed. I greatly appreciated the ever-present and knowledgeable personnel; the housekeeping; and the convenient location. I will, indeed, return.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pearland1
<Content>Good option... This was a good experience. The hotel had a lot of that New Orleans charm, but I'm not sure I'd stay here again. It was just a bit old and dark for my taste...but definitely had a New Orleans appeal. It was just a little old-smelling and honestly felt a bit haunted! :) The room sort of swayed when you stepped on a few spots, bc/ the foundation is aging (I guess?).Try to get a room away from the elevator too...you can hear it dinging every time it opens.It was in a fabulous location, and the service was awesome!! Overall, if I had to stay there again, I would...it's just not a favorite!I give it above average rating though.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>rhyan
<Content>The best place to stay in the French Quarter I loved this hotel. The regular rooms are cool, but if you have a chance to get a room in their back cottage (rooms 201 - 202) I recommend it. The staff was awesome are very helpful. I ended up locking myself out of my room so I had to get another key, and as busy as the front desk was at the moment, she quickly gave me another key without making me wait. They have a valet named Vann who was probably one of the coolest valets that I've met in my many travels to New Orleans. Compared to the prices of the other hotels in the same area as The Prince Conti, theirs was far more reasonable.The Conti was also very clean, which I can not say for the other hotels in the French Quarter, at least from what I've experienced since traveling there.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mayberryrfd
<Content>Loved it We stayed in New Orleans at the last moment. This hotel was advertised in a tourist pamphlet along with a couple other French Quarter district for 69.00 per night. We got there at 4:00 pm and they actually had a room left at this rate!! We got a double bed, although they offered us a room with 2, but I left that room in case someone came in with a party larger than 2. They thanked me for being considerate of someone else. I loved the room!!!! It was a little small, but we were only going to be there for 1 night and only to sleep. It was decorated beautifully. Antique furnishings, including the tall, 4-poster bed. We were right around the corner from Bourbon St. The parking fee was high for me but average for the French Quarter, from what i understand. i was worth having a hotel we could walk to and from!! We would definitely stay there again!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JClove2travel
<Content>First Time in New Oleans This hotel exceeded out expectations. We stayed in the annex in a fabulous spacious room that was clean and quiet. The manager and staff were very accommodating. We will go back next time we are in New Orleans!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rowlenthunder
<Content>Romantic  We arrived at the Prince Conti for a 3 night stay on April 1. Havingvisited the French Quarter before, it was such a pleasure to have on site valet parking. At $22 a day, the parking was a great deal. Check in was prompt, the lobby comfortable. Our room was on the second floor, and our key opened a door to a clean, comfortable room furnished with antique furniture including a gorgeous double bed with carved head and foot boards.There was a slightly cracked window pane, but so what? This is the most European of American cities, and one of the oldest neighborhoods. We were delighted! True, it was the special rate that got us here, but I'll stay again at the full rate next time. Mrs. D's Bistro served the most heavenly Eggs Benedict too. And when we walked out of the hotel, we were there, right in the French Quarter, 1/2 block from Bourbon St. Great Experience at the Prince Conti.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kbrian2
<Content>What a Location We stayed at the Prince Conti for 4 days during Easter week. What a great location. The hotel is perfectly located in the French Quarter. Just a half block walk and you are on Bourbon Street. The hotel is very quiet. New Orleans is a fun city. If you go, I recommend eating at the Gumbo Shop. They have some amazing food. Just a reminder that the hotel does charge 22 dollars a day for parking. In addition, the hotel charges you when you use the phone. I didn't buy the communication package because I didnt bring a laptop. I had a phone card and I was charged for using it.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pixelhead
<Content>good hotel, good location, good shower after trying the bb's and a large canal st. hotel this place is where we will return to this year for jazz fest. bombay club bar is adjacent to hotel and is very mellow, non-bourbon st. bar/restaurant.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>botgar
<Content>was perfect for us We stayed at the Prince Conti last October into November. I found the front desk staff extremely helpful going out of their way to get us info and arrange tours, etc. We enjoyed breakfast in the little shop adjoining and also talking to the people who ran the restaurant. We found people there and in New Orleans extremely personable and very grateful to have tourists visiting. The hotel was in a good location for us. We were able to walk to most things we wanted to see yet never had a problem with noise at night. The rate we got was very good. When we go back to New Orleans, we will definitely stay there.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>geoffg32
<Content>Great Room, Perfect Location. We very much enjoyed our stay at the Prince Conti. We got a very good rate through their reservation line ($150 less than the front desk quoted us) and the room was wonderful. Had a definite French Quarter feel to it. Be warned that not all rooms have been renovated, yet, and not all buildings have elevator service. We had to climb 3 stories, but arriving in the room made it seem worth it. The location is one of the best in town, less than a block off Bourbon St. and 3 blocks from Canal St. (Downtown). The Riverwalk area is a $5 dollar cab ride away. There is a small bistro next to the lobby, Mrs. D's. Stay away!!! I was charged $14.25 for a very average breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Baccibleu
<Content>Never Again The location can't be beat, however BEWARE the pictures they show on the internet do NOT represent all the rooms in this hotel. The pictures we were shown were of an elegant room that was very tastefully decorated and looked very nice. The room we were given looked NOTHING like the picture, the bathroom was so small you could hardly turn around in it with the door closed, and when we pulled back the curtains to look at the view we noticed very large black mold like spots all over the wall. The wallpaper was discolored and peeling off the walls as well. When we inquired why our room was not the one shown in the picture we were told that must be on the renovated floor which was the one below us. After we left the hotel, i recieved notification from my bank that the hotel had double-charged my card for the room, and ALSO charged me for parking for 2 vehicles for the week (we only had 1 car). After a couple of days of calling the hotel and explaining that i was double charged they refunded me a partial refund. So pls beware of this place.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	4	1	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>StevebPittsburg
<Content>New Orleans Gem Prince Conti, a great well maintained Historic Hotel 1/2 Block from Bourbon Street. Immaculate rooms. We have been coming to New Orleans for 30 years. Stayed all over the Quarter and have walked by this Hotel many times. We decided to stay this trip before we went on a 7 day cruise. From the moment we got to the hotel to the time we left the staff was very attentive to our needs and questions about the post Kartina New Orleans. Ann made all our dinner reservations. The Hotel staff and the feel of New Orleans made us very welcome to the City we have come to call a second home. Now Prince Conti will be our home away from home when we visit. One great moment on the Cruise Shipwe sat down for our first dinner and I shared my views on the City after Kartina. I mentioned our hotel and the frantastic treatement and great value for the room. One of our table mates said he enjoyed hearing about that and he would pass it on, he is employed by the Valention Hotel chain Owners of the Prince Conti Hotel. Thanks Lenny Labrousse and everyone at the Prince Conti, its a small world. We will be back...........Steve Bitner  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimberleymb
<Content>Great experience We had a great experience here. I booked for a convention and was very worried about how my colleagues would like the hotel since I had never been there in person before. My boss and my associates were very pleased with their rooms. Nicely furnished rooms and the bathroom tile and fixtures were all new and very clean. Some rooms are larger than others and extra-elegant, so you may want to ask about what's available. Prices are very good. Peter (front desk) was very helpful to us one night when we needed a restaurant reservation for 11 people and had only a few hours to find one. Another front desk employee sent my colleagues and I to a fantastic hamburger place (Yo Mama's across from Preservation Hall). It was the best hamburger I've had in a long time. I mistakenly short-booked one of my colleagues and the staff caught my mistake based on something they heard in passing. Management found another room for him in a hurry and moved him to a very large suite while charging us the same rate. Great hotel. We will absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nola_girl76
<Content>Good value for French Quarter off season I got a great rate here for a Friday and Saturday on priceline. This hotel is in a great location, just a block off Bourbon St. But miraculously it wasn't loud at all in my room, so it was really the best of both worlds. The hotel reminds me of the ones I stayed at in Europe, which I love, it has atmosphere and all the rooms are a little bit different and charming, not like a generic American Motel 6! An older looking elevator is just off to the side of the very small reception area. The room was very large and clean and had a big window. The shower and water pressure were great, and there were nice toiletries provided. One minor but weird little annoyance was that the TV (as is common in hotels) was encased in a stnad which had two doors. But the furniture wasn't designed too well because the doors didn't swing out far enough, so it was hard to get an unobstructed view of the TV! the furniture was nice though, and didn't seem cheap. At the front desk, they were very nice and let me check out an hour later with no problem. Overall my stay there was great and I'd recommend this place for those on a budget. Other hotels that are similar in class and price, and also good values in NOLA are the Queen  Crescent, Ambassador, and Baronne Plaza hotel. not the fanciest place in the world, but really nice for the price!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>kt4olemiss
<Content>The perfect location, beautiful room, and wonderful staff!       our great room, very cozy  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buubys
<Content>Prince Contii added to a great weekend Just returned from a 3 night stay with 2 friends. We were made to feel welcome through our entire stay, from the moment we approached the building to the moment our cab arrived to take us to the airport. All of the employees we encountered were friendly and professional acting.All 3 of us had different room layouts (which added the the charm of the hotel) that you wouldn't get to enjoy in a franchised, cookie-cutter design, chain hotel. As far as the location goes, if you're in New Orleans to experience the French Quarter, this hotel is hard to beat. It's 1/2 block off of Bourbon Street, which gives you the advantage of a very short walk to the night life but just far enough away to give you some quiet. My friends and I are already talking about our next trip to the area and about staying in this hotel again. The Prince Conti and its staff were a big part of a very nice weekend.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>OhioEnjoy
<Content>Pince of a hotel Wonderful place in N.O. Staff are all helpful, from opening doors to getting an extra boxof kleenex. Rooms are always clean and well taken care of. Ask anyone on staff, and you can get ditections torestaurants or a taxi to any destation. This was our second stay at the Conti and it will not be our last. Planning to stay there for Thanksgiving of 2007.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vtxriders
<Content>What a Rare Gem! We booked this hotel online based on previous reviews but mostly for the price and location. The location is just 1/2 block off Bourbon street (close enough for the many trips to the bathroom during a night out on Bourbon) but quiet enough to seem a world away. The price was outstanding especially for the New Year's weekend with the Saints playing in town and the Super Bowl this week.The staff at the front desk and the cleaning service was quite friendly and check in was a breeze. However, they did manage to sell us on a $4.95/day telecommunications deal that I don't think was necessary. It was to include high speed internet and unlimited incoming and outgoing phone calls w/ voicemail. We have cellphones so our reason for taking it was for the internet. The internet was an unsecured wireless set up which means that we could have used it without paying the additional $5/day. I probably would have complained but the room price was so reasonable, I didn't feel like I was being robbed.We had booked a Deluxe Room w/ a queen bed. Upon arrival we found the room to be very clean, spacious and nicely furnished. The Bombay Club, located on site, provided a great location for dinner to avoid the heavy rains outside. They managed to work the two of us in for dinner even though we did not make previous reservations. There is also Ms. D's onsite which is a breakfast cafe.The hotel is older so the following, while not a trip breaker for us, may be problems for those who expect perfection.The bathroom was SMALL but it was very clean which is more of a concern for me than the size. The water pressure in the shower could have been better but it didn't keep us from getting clean. The wallpaper was coming loose in a couple of places and there was a dripping noise from time to time in the ceiling. But, it is an older hotel and not a reason to avoid staying here.We had previously stayed at the Hotel Monteleone, which is a fantastic hotel, but I would recommend the Prince Conti any day. The price, location and room size just can not be beat.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>stonesman
<Content>Awesome Service This small hotel is less than 1/2 block from Bourbon Street but worlds away in feeling. I booked 2 suites online and was more than happy with my rooms. The hotel was clean with a helpful and honest staff. The front desk was in operation 24 hrs a day and Aimee was very helpful. She even let us put some leftovers in the fridge. The suites were clean and large, quite a value that left me surprised with the value they provided. Ms D's had a great breakfast and the onsite parking and valet service can't be beat. Yall should give the Big Easy a chance and you won't be disappointed--the french quarter is open for business it just needs more people to make it pop like the old days. As the old commercial said Try it You'll Like itAlan T  Family  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>PCDe
<Content>Prince Conti very nice All of the staff at the Prince Conti were very friendly, polite and helpful. They made us feel quite comfortable and at home.They helped us with our luggage in a nice manner, suggested good restaurants when we asked and told us about things going on at nearby Bourbon Street. The room was very clean and decor beautiful. This hotel is in the French Quarter and close to Bourbon Street, so if you are going to New Orleans for a short while as we did, it is a very nice place to stay and will add a nice touch to your trip. We thank all the staff at the Prince Conti.P.and C.D/Canada  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zbee
<Content>get star treatment at the Prince Conti hotel I recently returned from N.O. what a time I had. It was my first time there. The hotel was wonderful it's in a great location of the french quarter, 1 block off of Bourbon street.The hotel is very well kept and clean. The staff are very helpful,friendly and courteous. I highly recommend this hotel. The bistro across from the lobby is very convenient for breakfast or lunch. If you want a nice no hassel vacation stay at the Prince Conti hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>memboy
<Content>Great Place to Stay I have read some of the negative views, and they make me wonder if we are talking about the same Prince Conti hotel.My check in was smooth and friendly. My room was very roomy, clean and quiet, with attractive and comfortable furniture. The shower and the water pressure were very good. The location is super -- just a block from Bourbon Street and yet far enough away so that it is not noisy. My checkout was fast and easy, and the valet delivered my car to me within minutes.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sddistel
<Content>Disgusting, loud and bathroom full of bugs This hotel was a DISASTER. I booked this hotel after reading positive reviews on Tripadvisor and because of the terrific location in the French Quarter. We looked at different rooms within the hotel before choosing one with actual windows. The rooms located in the interior of the hotel, have no windows and many of the rooms on the perimeter of the hotel face brick walls. We finally settled in room 334 which had windows looking over Conti Street (pronounced Con-Tie).The room was very small and besides a coffee maker and hair dryer, had no amenities. The bed was large but the bed spread was stained and the pillows flat. The bathroom had newer tile but the walls were cracked, moldy and, I'm not exaggerating, BUGS, lots of tiny bugs crawling in and out of the cracked walls, over the windows and the sink. My toiletry bags were covered in bugs after leaving them on the windowsill, they even crawled into my makeup, I had to zip them up and put them on top of the tv to avoid any more creepy crawlies.This was also the loudest hotel I have ever encountered. After arriving on a Friday morning, I tried to take an afternoon nap. However, the housekeeping staff was constantly in the halls, yelling to one another, slamming the storage closet doors and fighting over their personal lives. On Saturday morning, the housekeeping staff was cleaning the halls, the rooms, and again yelling up and down the hallways at 10 in the morning. And sure enough, on Sunday morning, at 9:00 a.m. they were yelling about which guest rooms were locked and who had the keys. The walls in the hotel are paper thin, so we heard every person in the hallway all weekend. And when someone with heavy footsteps walked by, the bed board actually vibrated. Dreadful!We ended staying at the hotel for 2 nights and 2 days because of the excellent location. Our favorite place in the French Quarter is the Bombay Club, which is located within the hotel, but is THANKFULLY not affiliated with the hotel itself. Since we began and ended each evening at the Bombay, the hotel was convenient. We also ate at the delicious Bayona Restaurant which is a 1/2 block from the hotel on Dauphine Street. The best breakfast in the French Quarter is at Petunia's on St. Louis Street, also 1/2 block from the hotel.The hotel staff was adequate and helpful in storing our luggage and hailing cabs. Besides the excellent location of this hotel, there is nothing to recommend it and we learned the hard way that location isn't everything. Next time we will stay elsewhere and walk or cab to our favorite places. We paid $150 a night for our room, and we got what we paid for, cheap accommodations. Lesson learned.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>NewHavenTraveller
<Content>Great Value and Location Got a great web price, and what a pleasant room w/king bed. Clean and our room faced off the street so was blissfully quiet. Lots of space, ceiling fan. Some rooms we saw in had canopy beds. Attentive, professional front desk staff. Great location- just far enough off Bourban St (1/2 block) to be quiet-er but close enough to get into the action when you want.We took the airport shuttle both ways - easy. Lots of stops for other passengers though. Cab only few bucks more it seemed.Try to get to see some of the storm-damaged neighborhoods - helps understand the impact of it all.Fr Quarter and Garden District unaffected that we could tell, except St Charles St trolley line nonfunctional.Clover St Grill on Bourbon - great huge burgers and omlettes!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>damechartreuse
<Content>The Perfect French Quarter Experience First, the location is terrific because the Prince Conti is an elegant oasis just half a block off Bourbon Street. Second, the staff are all friendly and helpful and knowledgeable about the REAL New Orleans...you won't be sent to disappointing tourist traps when you ask for a good restaurant or bar suggestion. Housekeeping was excellent and efficient, and our room was beyond comfortable. I can not wait to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ericsvans
<Content>Simply Outstanding From the house keeping staff, to the General Manager John Patterson, I was impressed with the personal attention we were given throughout our stay at the hotel. Our room was more than we could have ever expected. Everyone was so helpful in making sure we enjoyed ourselves. From restaurants to night life, they made sure we experienced the true flavor of New Orleans. For a city and it's people to have gone through such a horrible tragedy, you would not know it by the smiles and open hearts we found there. To everyone at the Prince Conti we thank you for everything. We can't wait to come back and visit again soon.  Eric B. and Courtney R.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TN06Traveler
<Content>Prince Conti excels We stayed in room 340 at the Prince Conti 9/14-9/18/06 and had a wonderful experience. The charming room was lovely and clean, with it's own coffeemaker and an ironing board (wish there were a few more hangers). The cleaning staff were prompt and helpful, and when Lisa left her rosary in the room when we returned to Nashville, Betty (on your cleaning staff) found and turned in the rosary, which was mailed immediately to her(Thank you Eva). This kind of honesty and service is hard to find these days, and whenever we visit New Orleans, we will stay at the Prince Conti and have already recommended it to several friends. Many thanks to all of the staff who provide such and enjoyable, safe place to stay in New Orleans!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dallascitizen
<Content>eehh! three strikes       tattered furniture arms  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>GoBeavs
<Content>Great Location! Nice rooms! Great location. I go to New Orleans at least twice a year and I would say this was my favorite hotel so far (and we stay in a different one each time). It's only a half block off of Bourbon (easy to stagger back to). We stayed in two different rooms, both were nice, but a little different. The only problem was there seems to be some kind of steel business next door that is working on the weekdays, so there was a lot of noise (could have been clean up recovery) early in the morning on the work day.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Nade70
<Content>Great location Stayed at Prince Conti September 2-4. Our party booked two rooms. Check-in went smooth and the staff was helpful and friendly. Both rooms were very clean and having stayed in Europe before, European. It had all the amenities you should need and our room was large with vaulted ceilings and window that let light in. Our friends' room was smaller without the vaulted ceiling and had a mock window, therefor very dark, but again very clean and nice. I would definately recommend this place for the price and prime location to Bourban street (one block up). No problems with noise. Our floor had ice maker and pop and water machine for cheap ( one dollar)--we stayed on the second floor. Only draw back--low water pressure, but not that big of a deal. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>tnsoutherner
<Content>Great deal in a great city recovering from Katrina I just came back from Labor Day weekend in New Orleans and stayed at the Prince Conti on Conti Street in the Quarter. It was a great deal on a hotel in an excellent location - just steps away from Bourbon Street but quiet and safe feeling. The front desk staff (Peter  Cindy in particular!) were really accomodating and helpful. They have on-site valet parking at a good price and the rooms were nicely appointed. This hotel isn't the Ritz, but it's several steps above the chain hotels like Comfort Inn, Holiday Inn, etc. and the price and location can't be beat. Go back to New Orleans and help them recover from Hurricane Katrina - and when you do, stay at the Price Conti!!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DisplacedBelle
<Content>Slightly above average If you want a hotel right off Bourbon Street, then this one is in an excellent location. Several locals were concerned I wouldn't get any sleep due to noise from Bourbon Street, but I never heard a sound (of course I was on the third floor on the side away from Bourbon Street). Bed was comfortable, bathroom was small but functional, nice decor (however edges on veneer of several pieces of furniture was chipped), clean, and no musty odors. Staff was friendly and helpful- it was the staff which raised my rating from average to above average.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Unknown2006
<Content>Everything was Wonderful I spent May 10th to May 16th at your hotel. I just wasnt to say how nice and professional everyone was. The 3 women that worked the front desk were just SUPER. Also, the housekeepers were very nice. The manager was always asking if there was anything he could do to improve my stay. Everything was wonderful. I will return. Thanks to everyone.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eraserheadgirl
<Content>Couldn't wait to leave My boyfriend and I had to stay at the Prince Conti earlier than expected because the power went out at the bed and breakfast we were staying at. We had booked a suite for Thursday night and we were lucky enough to get it for Tuesday and wednesday night, too. Wed. and Tues. night rates were higher though, which was odd. The front desk clerk was nice on the phone but extremely snotty and condescending to me in person. I needed him to put the new room charges on a different credit card and when the bill he handed me didn't make it clear that a different card had been used he got very huffy. We went to our room and although it was large, the carpet was filthy and our feet turned black from walking around. The bathroom sink was clogged and I was told that they didn't have a plunger to fix it. Someone had stolen it. They said that someone would come by after noon to fix the sink (as we are late sleepers) and was rudely awakened before 8am by the guy wanting to fix the sink. We were not dressed and still sleeping so we told him to come back. He never did. Also, one of the valets was quite rude to me. We came in to park at 6pm and he asked if we needed to use the car for the rest of the night. When I told him I wasn't sure (it was pretty early to make plans for the rest of the night) he demanded that I make up my mind. I repeated that I didn't know, and he said he needed to know so he could go park our car down the road to make room for other cars. I told him he'd better leave it there and he got pretty [---]. I do not enjoy being talked down to by valets. I don't pay money to stay somewhere only to be treated like a second-class citizen. The room was shabby and there was no private courtyard as advertised on the website. I'm sticking to at least four-star from now on. I advise everyone else do the same.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, Clean  The Prince Conti was a beautiful and clean hotel. It was less than a minute walk to all the noisy fun of Bourbon St. but just far enough to not be disturbed by it. The staff was friendly and helpful. We parked the car with the valet and I left my purse in the car accidently for a night and nothing was touched! I went with my boyfriend but would often leave his side to walk back to the hotel to use the restroom since it was so close then I would meet back with him and I felt safe everytime I left. We did not have a chance to eat at the restaurant but it look very clean and nice, while we were there they were offering a 2 for 1 breakfast speacial.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine Room, Great Service, Excellent Location       Spacious Bedroom  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince Conti Hotel My grand daughter and I had our first visit to New Orleans, Louisana, this summer.(2006)We stayed @ the Prince Conti Hotel.The rates were reasonable. The rooms were quite,very clean, the beds very comfortable.The front desk clerks were friendly and very courtesy..they gave us maps to the places We wanted to visit.They would be my first choice went we return to New orleas.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Graduation via Conti Our son graduataed from Tulane in May. We booked 3 rooms in Jan. at the Marriott. In March we got an email giving us a much better deal at the Prince Conti. We had our son check it out for us and with his thumbs up we booked into the Conti and canceled the Marriott. The Conti was cheaper and much better located for our needs. We brought in our daughters and spouses and all stayed at the Conti. With no car that would accommodate all of us it was great being so close to the French Quarter. Our children could come and go as they pleased w/o the hassle of a car or cab. At the last minute our son decided he wanted to be at the hotel with us and the desk manager gladly made the arrangements. It was a great time for all of us and none of us would hesitate to stay at the Conti again. It was clean, convenient and priced right.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Biscuitjones
<Content>Great Service Every single employee, from the concierge to the parking attendant to the maid staff, was friendly, courteous, helpful and did everything they could to make our stay enjoyable. Our room was lovely and comfortable. In room wi-fi service was steady and dependable. And the location is really quite convenient - especially if you plan to spend the majority of your time in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>busterbn2
<Content>Prince Conti Hotel Just returned from New Orleans this morning, 6/18/06. We stayed 6 nights at the Price Conti and would not hesitate to do it again. The only drawback, which is also a good point depending on your needs, is the proximity to Bourbon Street. The revelers returning to their rooms in the early morning hours were a bit of an annoyance. The hotel was very clean and the staff were all very helpful and friendly. Room was cleaned and linens were changed daily. We parked our prize Mustang convertible with the valet and they cared for it like it was their baby also. The Hotel is within comfortable walking distance of the entire French Quarter. Hubby could walk to Cafe Du Monde and back in the time it took me to shower (This was a BIG PLUS for him!)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wldwm2
<Content>Great service and location! I got a great rate for Sun-Tues 4/23-4/25/06 so I could attend the French Quarter Fest on Sun and celebrate my birthday on Mon. My room was an interior one and very quiet--the room was immaculate and service was great! The manager(John) and the front desk attendant(Velda) were very personable and very helpful. I arrived early in the morning (8am) and the desk clerk that day(didn't catch her name) found me a room that was ready, which I hadn't expected. I would definitely return here. The mattress on my king bed was excellent--got a great night's sleep both nights. After many hours of walking both days, it was definitely appreciated. The location is wonderful--just a half block from Bourbon. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cardone15
<Content>Prince Conti staff helped make trip memorable We wanted to stay in the French Quarter and picked the Prince Conti for its location. We were in no way disappointed. Be warned, it overlooks Conti and Bourbon Streets, and it can be very noisy outside at night. I hear they have inside rooms, but we didn't know that. However, if it's a French Quarter location and a French Quarter type hotel you want, the Prince Conti is superb. We walked everywhere. The Prince Conti is not a chain hotel, so don't expect large impersonal rooms. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the one little problem (broken light switch) was fixed immediately. The real bonus was the staff. Amy at the desk knows EVERYTHING about New Orleans, and she and Peter (also at the desk) set up tours and events for us; they and other hotel employees also made restaurant suggestions which were fantastic. We had a memorable meal every night. When we had a problem with our airport pickup, Amy got right on the phone herself and got someone there for us at once so we didn't miss our flight. I would certainly recommend visiting New orleans (they need the tourism) and staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall very good However............. After thoroughly reviewing this hotel via their website and Tripadvisor.com as well, I decided to give it a try. I am a frequent traveler to the French Quarter and I do know my way around. My experience with the reservations agent was fine, was impressed with the check-in process and the valet staff who assisted me with my truck. The room was clean and my wish for a room over-looking Conti was honored. I was awoken at approximately 3am by the noise coming from Bourbon Street, but hey, it is NOLA after all. My only concern is that this hotel still uses the age-oldkey-lock for the room doors. This can be a security issue if there is an unscrupulous staffer or an errant key left around. I mentioned this upon my check-in but was assured there should not be a problem. Overall, a good value.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sbm0303
<Content>Don't Agree With Previous Two Posts My friends and my finace stayed at this hotel the weekend before Valentine's day. I thought the hotel was charming. Our room was an interior room with a big comfy King-sized bed. Our friends had a room facing Conti Street which was a little noisy on Saturday night - but hey - this is New Orleans. Upon arrival, the front desk clerk wasn't all the friendly, but the Valet and bell hop were. The maids did a great job cleaning and all our basic needs were taken care of. I have been to New Orleans many times as it is my favorite city anywhere and have stayed in numerous hotels. The Prince Conti has an old-world charm and great location - if you are looking for your average big hotel - stay on Canal Street - not in the Quarter. Even post-Katrina New Orleans still charms - the people were friendly and the food as incredible as always. We were able to eat at almost all favorite places - Antoines; NOLAs; Petunias; Gumbo Shop; and tried the wonderful Cafe Adelaides in the Loew's Hotel - go for the 25 cent martinis and their gumbo was fabulous. These restaurants are all in walking distance from the Prince Conti Only downside was Commander's Palace had not yet opened. I would recommend this hotel as good inexpensive hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>excited2trav
<Content>Very disappointing!! My fiancee and I stayed at the Prince Conti for a couple of nights and were EXTREMELY disappointed. It just goes to show you that a nice-looking website does not truly depict the quality of a hotel. I had expected to stay in a place that was clean and charming. Instead, we were in a room in which the lampshade had caught on fire and melted at some point in time, there was a HUGE hair on the mirror and the place hadn't been painted in years. We did not find the staff to be very friendly, but then again, we didn't come across many friendly New Orleans residents the entire weekend. If you are planning on spending some time there, be sure to bring your own water. There is only 1 vending machine in the hotel and it is filled with soda--only one slot for water and it ran out on Saturday. I was told by the staff to go to a convenience store to get water--there was nothing they could do to help.The restaurant across the hall is decent--we were there for breakfast and the food was decent, but nothing to write home about.If you are looking for a place for LOCATION ONLY--this is the place to be in. It isn't the place if you are wanting to stay in a ***nice*** hotel!!! For $159/night, it ISN'T worth it!!!!!If we ever go back to N.O., we will not stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>compassquest
<Content>Nothing to crow about My husband and I stayed here one night, The room was very small with two double beds. There was hardly enough room to open the luggage carrier. I will say the room was clean and nicely appointed. I asked for a king size bed upon check in and was told by a very snooty front desk person that was not possible. No southern hospitality here! Bathroom tiny also.New Orleans is a very very sad place after the storms. We used to love coming to the city before, but will never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mellow_goat
<Content>Great Location, Wonderful Hotel I stay in the quarter very often so I know what to expect from a Quarter hotel. They are usually not in the best condition but the history and the architecture make up for the few shortcomings they may have. This hotel was fantastic for the price. I went to this hotel several times last summer. Every time I went I paid a great price, $50 a night. The location is a 1/2 block from Bourbon Street. This is great if you are into wild nights or even if you are into mild nights. My advice is to ask for an inner room. Some nights are a little noisy. The hotel was very clean. If you have seen some of my past reviews this is the most important thing to me when I stay in a hotel. The staff was very friendly I think. The way the hotel is setup you rarely need to speak to their staff because everything is already taken care of. I wish I could afford to go back to this hotel. The rooms are no longer $50 dollars for mid-week summer prices. Since the hurricane destroyed and disrupted New Orleans their prices have gone up quite considerably. If you can afford to stay here, please do.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One word: Average This hotel, all-around, was average. People who have rated it 5 stars have obviously not stayed at some of the other finer hotels (Monaco  Le Pavillon come to mind) in New Orleans. The location is excellent, if you're looking to peruse and party in the French Quarter, and another great perk is the martini bar/restaurant (Bombay Club) in the hotel that sevres 125 types of martinis. But the rooms are small and offer few amenities (no ppv movies, etc.) If you can get a rate for under $100 I'd recommend it; otherwise, stay someplace else. Parking fee is $20 a night, but that is standard in New Orleans; I think the only hotel that doesn't charge in the area is Le Richelieu.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NeelyTurner
<Content>Absolutely Loved It!! We were in New Orleans for a Mortgage Brokers' Convention Wed-Fri the week before Katrina hit. After reading reviews on Trip Advisor and after finding a special internet rate, I decided to book the Prince Conti even though I was leary of the hotel because of such a great rate in such a good location. However, when we arrived in New Orleans, I was very impressed with the hotel and their staff. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful and the rooms were very nice and clean. The ONLY problem I had was that the room we got did not have a window and I am very claustrophobic. However, I was not ever bothered by it. The hotel was very quiet and it was 1/2 block from Bourbon Street, which was great. When you are on Bourbon Street drinking, it's great to be able to walk to your room anytime you want to use the restroom and take a break. :) I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again when it reopens.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything You Could Possibly Want... This hotel was a wonderful surprise! The room we stayed in was absolutely darling (and quiet), the Bombay Club (the hotel's restaurant) had exceptional service and food, and, the best part, the hotel's only a 1/2 block away from Bourbon Street and only a mile away from the French Market so we could walk everywhere and absolutely no public transportation was necessary once we arrived. With the hotel staff having been so accomodating as well, the Prince Conti will definitely be my first choice as a potential hotel choice in the future!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JLKallio
<Content>Loved the Conti!!! The Prince Conti Hotel turned out to be everything the website claimed it would be--beautiful! Charming Victorian furniture and decoration, great restaurants (check out Mrs. D's, people! Best biscuits I've ever eaten in my life!--and the Bombay Club, though a bit expensive, had delicious food and about 125 different kinds of martinis). The staff was helpful and fun and pointed out all the hot spots (and where NOT to go), and I include the housekeeping and bellboy staff in this. Right around the corner from the excitement of Bourbon Street, the Prince Conti offered a cool, comfortable oasis away from the noise when you were ready to sleep. Loved it! And would definitely visit again.Not to mention the price was EXTREMELY reasonable.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at Prince Conti Hotel Great hotel price and pleasant staff. We had a wonderful time at this hotel. It's near Bourbon street and close to restaurants we enjoy. We also had a good time listening to the live music at Bombay Martini Bistro. We had a great time! We've told our friends and plan to visit again...maybe during Mardi Gras!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean Room / Great Location / Excellent Price I was entirely satisfied with my stay at the Prince Conti. I was shocked to find a safe and clean room at a price as low as the Prince Conti's midweek rates.While the hotel may lack some of the amenities of the 5-star New Orleans hotels, it is still an ideal place to catch your breath before heading back out to the Quarter or the Faubourg Marigny. It is clean, comfortable, and affordable.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Staff! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel while we were in New Orleans. I couldn't say enough good things about this hotel and their staff. The hotel is beautiful and located less than a block from Bourbon Street and is in a great location to walk anywhere in the French Quarter and to the River for that matter. The staff helped us book tours of the city and gave us some great advice on some of the things to see and do throughout the city. They were very friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend this to anyone thinking about traveling to The Big Easy!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>busyteacher3
<Content>Love the Conti! Having stayed at the Prince Conti last summer with my daughter, I knew that it was a hotel I wanted to visit it again! The decor of the rooms is quite charming and a part of the appeal of New Orleans!!! I love the four poster beds!!! So when my husband and I were going on cruise with an extended stay in New Orleans I didn't hesitate to book the Conti!! Needless to say, we weren't in the least bit disappointed and I will definitely stay here again when we return in the future!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No major problems despite bad reviews I was at the Prince Conti tues-sunday the last week of July. I found the hotel staff very helpful. A few of the girls at the front desk were not overly friendly, but only in an overly just business sense. The shuttle came on time and my questions were answered and that is what counts. The cleaning staff was extremely friendly and it was a joy talking to them. Where they loud in the morning? I could hear the talking and joking, but this was always around 9-10am. I don't know if I would want that right outside my door, but they were never right outside my door anyway. You figure the noise is coming from a open room being cleaned. This too, did not seem like something to complain about. The bathroom was the size of a normal apartment bathroom. Mine was not ultra-tiny. If you want the big Marriott, double sink bathroom, this isn't it however. Just a normal apartment style bathroom.The ceiling was a good 15 feet high. No air--but a air system that does not work so good. It was up to high and not doing much. There is a great ceiling fan though. It was on low. ( I had to stand on a chair to pull the chain!) and the room cooled right away. I woke up shivering most mornings. Lets see....everything was clean, no problems there. In the shower, the little pull did not want to stay up sometimes and I had to pull it hard to get it to do so. Cable TV but you cannot rent movies--no HBO etc. oh--by the weekend I had a bunch of girls in the room next to me. They were loud and I did hear them through the walls. So long as my TV was on I could not hear them.I would go back here, it is cheaper then what you will spend elsewhere. I read the reviews here to and was worried--but it all worked out.I did have one gripe though. My last day there I was getting ready to leave and saw something odd on the floor. Went over to look and saw the largest roach I have ever seen in person. Big and brown and they type that fly I imagine. It mush have crawled into the room from the hall. I kicked it, and it was dead--might have been the cold air. Keep in mind this is New Orleans, and bugs are everywhere, but someone else here said they saw one too.It's a nice hotel, but I made sure the wash everything when I came home just in case. I would stay there again next year unless I see more comments about critters. Look yourself and if you don't see more I think the place is worth it.No noise from Bourbon at in my room either.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amwtcorley
<Content>Great Affordable Honeymoon Hotel We stayed here for our honeymoon in June. (yes I know I am late in writing my review) This hotel was great. The staff were friendly and the rooms were nice. Excellent deal for the price. I had read in the travel books that this was a good hotel but the bathrooms are small, that was not the case for our room (which had a bathroom the size of any average hotel) A bonus is that this hotel is so close to everything in the French Quarter (1/2 a block from Bourbon!!!!) but you don't have to put up with the crowds and the noise. The only reason I did not give the hotel a Excellent was that the majority of the rooms don't have views. When you looked out our window you saw a asphalt roof over what probably used to be a beautiful courtyard. Not a pretty site at all. We where probably lucky to get a window because there are alot of interior rooms. But if you are not going to spend alot of time in the room, then stay here for sure!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CentaurNC
<Content>Price Conti was GREAT! We stayed at the Prince Conti hotel for 8 days. This hotel is 20 steps from Bourbon Street (very close to the action) but because of the location of the rooms, there was no noise from the madness nearby. From this location we were able to walk all through the Quarter and still get back to the room easily for a change of clothes, shower, or nap (if you go in July you will need all of these.) The rooms were spacious and clean and all of the staff from housekeeping to front desk were very friendly and polite. We love staying at the Prince Conti and will gladly go back!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince Conti Hotel--Excellent!! We have just returned from a three day two night visit to the Prince Conti Hotel in New Orleans. The hotel is magnificent, and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely and the people so warm and friendly that we hated to leave.The room was wonderful with an antique/traditional decor with all the modern conveniences. We had a queen size bed in a large room with TV, internet service, ironing board, coffee maker and a bathroom that looked like you could eat off the floor. The location was superb as it was just off Bourbon Street and all the night time action, but also within walking distance of the French Market and wonderful restaurants. People had warned us that staying so near Bourbon Street might be loud and noisey, but it was not. We never heard a thing!The staff was amazing--so quick to serve and ready to help. They really went out of their way. From the beginning we were greeted by friendly faces. The desk personnel and the young men serving as valets were so great about giving directions to us (first time visitors) and even maps to guide our way. We felt like we were coming home each evening rather than going to a hotel. Not only were they were they polite and gracious while we were actually there, but after we left and had forgotten an item at the hotel, they were super about finding the item and calling us back long distance to let us know they found it. They would have sent it to us, but we decided to go back by and pick it up. They remembered us right away even after a week!I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The price was right and the atmosphere superb. I've already recommended it to my relatives! The next time I am in New Orleans, I will make it a point to stay at the Prince Conti.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice surprise We stayed there two nights, the first of which brought the Tropical Storm Cindy. We felt safe, although the caulking in our windows leaked and got the books I had placed on the large window sill wet. But the staff was great! Even at midnight they cheerfully brought up extra bath towels for me to use to dry things. The next day they came up and cleaned the windows thoroughly. Everything about it was charming and nice. It was a quiet place to sleep, we were able to walk all through the French Quarter without any troubles. The only negative was that the room had a slight smell of mildew [it was on the windows]. However, I was also surprised at all the hidden charges--we had to pay $5 a day for wireless Internet access and a huge $20 a day for parking in their courtyard. These were not listed on the site at which we booked the hotel. I must say, though, they waived the parking fee in exchange for our damaged books and inconvenience. Like the other reviews said, the staff and charm of the room made this hotel a recommended one again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel at a great price! I stayed at the Prince Conti for 3 nights and really enjoyed my 4th of July stay there. The hotel is just steps away from the Boubon Street wild night life yet my room was quiet, well maintained, clean and spacious and all for $49 a night.The restaurant offers a great breakfast, the staff was very friendly and I was very comfortable there.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince Conti Hote We stayed at the Prince Conti hotel on Friday 6-17-05 and again on Sunday 6-19-05. The first night our room faced the street which was quite loud, resulting in only a few hours of sleep for us. The second night we had a room in the back which was much more quiet.The rooms were clean and the staff was very nice. Everyone said hello to us when they saw us. The restaurant attached was very good for breakfast. All rooms are now nonsmoking, which may not please everyone.A good experience.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better Than The Large Chain Hotels I recently stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel in downtown New Orleans. I must admit I was very apprenhensive at first when I booked the stay at this hotel due to the location. However, it turned out to be a very pleasurable stay due to the kindness of the staff, restaurant and the clean room. I have stayed at many many hotels in my travels and have stayed in some places I really didn't want to stay but did not have an option. In short the people at this hotel made the difference. They were kind, all had good personalities and very responsive to my needs. When I return to New Orleans I will definately be staying at this little quaint place again. I don't often write about my stays anywhere but these folks definately took care of me and my needs. My highest compliments to the Hotel and Staff.Sincerely,James GriffinWillis, Texas  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel! This hotel has been beautifully restored with antiques, high ceilings, beautiful rooms/linens and old-fashioned customer service (excellent). They even have real keys for the doors!The location is great - right off Bourbon street but there was absolutely no noise from the partiers on Bourbon!I highly recommend this hotel for a relaxing get away!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lives2Eat
<Content>Can't Beat it for the Price I stayed at the Prince Conti for only one night before going on the American Queen steamboat cruise. My reservation was for a king, and I ended up with a suite. Althought the rooms are a little austere and the arm of the chair was threadbare, my room was clean and surprisingly quiet. The only downside is that the bathroom is small for more than one person...not the size (which was fine), but the counter space for storing cosmetics bags, etc. However, For $59...it can't be beat. I prefer to stay at boutique hotels when I am in New Orleans...I can stay at a large chain hotel anywhere. I like to staying in the Quarter and since I walk everywhere or take the streetcars, this was a fine location.But the best part was the accomodating staff. The folks at the front desk were pleasant and when I asked if I could bring my bags back to the hotel the day I got off the cruise since my flight was late in the afternoon, they said it was no problem. Both of the bellmen were also very helpful, especially considering I was only there one night.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again I stayed at this hotel recently. On top of seeing roaches in the hotel lobby, the staff had no clue of what they were doing. My credit card was charged 3 times for my stay, the housekeeping staff was smoking in my room while they were cleaning, and the TV's are about as old as my mother. The room wasnt really all that accomodating. On top of that, reservations messed up my stay and put me in a room the size of a shoebox. I'm tellling you, please, try somewhere else. Save yourself the trouble.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PT4485
<Content>Had a Great Stay I really enjoyed my stay at the Prince Conti Hotel. The hotel is close to the day and nightlife of New Orleans. The hotel staff were extremely pleasent and always ready to help with making tour arrangements and providing information. Best of all they always greeted you with a smile and a hello when you entered the lobby. The room was small with a tiny bath but confortable and adequate for my needs (you don't spend much time in your room in New Orleans). Only downer for me was the Hotel had gone non-smoking since I booked my room. Ms. D's Bistro featured an excellent breakfast (their only meal). I highly recommend this hotel for a French Quarter stay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mike3
<Content>Prince Conti was Great Nice hotel. Nice staff. Very helpful. Booked through Orbitz. No problems. The location couldn't be beat. Steps away from Bourbon, but not very loud. The room was a bit worn... but who stays in their hotel room in New Orleans? Great AC... especially needed during the hot and humid summer months. The bathroom was immaculate. Very clean. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel This is a nice boutique hotel. Staff is friendly and helpful, rooms are clean. Prices are excellent. Sunday-Thursday $69 per night and Friday-Saturday room rates jump to $179 per night. Even with the higher weekend rates, this is still an excellent value. We stayed at this hotel 5/22/05 to 5/28/05.We requested a non-smoking room (all rooms on the second floor are non-smoking) with two queen beds. The room is not overly large, but it met our needs. The bathroom is tiny, no counterspace, just a pedestal sink, tub  shower and toilet. Air Conditioning is climate controlled and there is also a ceiling fan (not available in all rooms). It was great having the ceiling fan for those hot days as it really cooled the room. Internet access is available for an additonal daily charge. Ice machines are located down the hall and complimentary coffee is available in your room.This hotel also has inside rooms which do not have any windows (think inside cabins on a cruise ship). The only drawback to our room #256 is that while we had a view, it was of the backside of a building and roof but since we didn't plan on spending a whole lot of time in our room it wasn't too big of an issue. Also, since this is an older hotel, the noise level outside our room is more noticeable. The walls are not very well insulated against noise so that you can hear your neighbor's TV and muffled conversation. For this reason, I'm only giving the hotel an above average rating rather than an excellent rating.The location of this hotel is excellent as it is just around the corner from Bourbon St. so you are within walking distance to restaurants and the streetcars. For breakfast, it's a 15-20 minute walk to Cafe Du Monde in the French Market or to Croissant de'Or on Ursuline St. Croissant de'Or has french pastries  desserts from $1.25 and a large cafe au lait is $1.40.Adjacent to the hotel is a restaurant (didn't eat there so can't say how good the food is) and the Bombay Club. Entertainment is nice but did not have dinner there only drinks at the bar. We did have a tiny sample of the Bombay Club's duck appetizer at the Wine  Food Festival on 5/28/05 and it was delicious.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Synapse
<Content>Great Location, Great Price My boyfriend and I visited NOLA for the first time this January and stayed here. The hotel was inexpensive (about $60/day) and clean. We had the whole top floor of the back building to ourselves. Right on the road, but quiet during sleep hours. (Though on garbage morning a diesel truck was parked outside for a while). We were there to explore and party, so the location was fantastic: after several hours on Bourbon street we could stumble back to the hotel with ease.Room was very clean, though somewhat worn - for $60 a great value. Hangover breakfasts across the street - gourmet breakfasts downstairs.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Prince Conti The Prince Conti is a clean and well runned hotel. The staff is welltrained, friendly and courtious. I'm always treated well when I staythere. I will continue to stay at the Prince Conti when I'm in NewOrleans and I always recommend staying there to my friends andfamily. I would not consider staying anywhere else when in NewOrleans. John Patterson and his staff are great.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Diditall
<Content>Prince Conti Terrific Midweek Value Stayed at the Prince Conti April 17 thru 22, '05. It's a terrifically located hotel between Dauphine and Bourbon. Just back far enough on Conti to be quiet, but close enough to stroll to the action in less than 2 minutes. Sunday thru Thursday we stayed for $89 a night. BEST DEAL IN THE QUARTER. Admittedly, I've never been to Mardi Gras, but I found all the adventure and excitement I need could be found on Bourbon any day of the week. The Prince Conti has valet parking ($20 a day - you're not going to avoid that anywhere in the Quarter) and our car was accessible in 5 minutes. Our room was smallish, but service was great. We had a fantastic time and will return. The Prince Conti will be the first place I call.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marytny
<Content>loved this hotel Location is fantastic. Hotel has charm and room was nice. No view and chair was threadbare, but the location makes up for it all. Staff helpful and friendly. Would stay there again  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! The Prince Conti Hotel is just steps from Bourbon St. and a quick walk to the Riverwalk and French Market areas. The rooms are small, but the hotel is clean and fairly quiet for being so close to all of the action. If you want posh luxury, look elsewhere. But if you want a clean, quiet, relatively inexpensive place to rest between sightseeing and partying, this is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tommee22paws
<Content>A "3 Star" Charm First thanks to all of the fellow Trip Advisor fans. We relied on your reviews when selecting the Prince Conti Hotel for our stay in NOLA April 18-22. We were originally booked at Hotel Provincial, also located in the FQ, but cancelled over concerned Trip Advisor reviews. For a 3 star hotel, we were impressed with The Prince Conti and in retrospect found most of the Trip Advisor reviews to be similar to our experience. We share that below?br/>First on the room: We had suite 104, a clean, non-smoking room ( it truly was with no suggestion of prior smoking) on the ground level with climate control (no window ACs). Although we didn't have views of the rooftops, we were delighted with our very own charming private courtyard (pack a candle or two). Our room was very comfortable, much like a small apartment (by NY standards you may consider it large) with a sitting area/TV, full size kitchen with refrigerator/stove/etc. The bedroom was of nice size with a queen size 4 poster bed (as seen on the hotel's website) and was equipped with a TV for those who desire. My boyfriend  I had different opinions on the comfort of the bed. He considered it retty comfortable?whereas I like my beds a little less firm. Having said that, neither of us had difficulty sleeping  both of us slept well. The room was extremely quiet with no street noise, no noise from other guests, and no noise from the cleaning staff (unlike some of the other reviews). This is probably because the bedroom is tucked away in the center of the room where the private courtyard is to the left and the bathroom to the right. The bathroom was small but clean (this is no mega hotel with double sinks). We did not have any drainage issues as mentioned in some of the other reviews and the shower pressure was fine. Although it didn't bother us, we were a bit surprised by the executive style table suited for up to 10-perhaps this is why they call it the executive suite. It would be great for those traveling in groups who want to dine-in family style!On Location: In our opinion, it couldn have been better. We didn have a car nor did we want/need one. We took a taxi to/from airport ($28 for 2). It is 3/4 block off Bourbon. We were able to walk everywhere in the FQ. It is convenient to catch the St.Charles street car just 5 or so blocks away where it takes you to the Garden District. You can walk to Caf du Monde for those yummy beignets! If you do have a car, the hotel does have a secured/gated parking lot in the rear. On Service: We were kindly greeted by Justin, kindly sent off by Leah and both of them plus Amy were helpful throughout our stay. We relied on them mostly for directions since we had many of our dining recommendations planned prior to our arrival. We agree with some other Trip advisor reviewers on the indifference of some desk staff at times but in retrospect perhaps this is because they have an ll in one?job- the desk clerk, the concierge, etc. The maid service was adequate. Beds were made each day, towels restocked, bathroom cleaned. On Dining: The hotel very own Bombay Club is like an old, cozy English library, they make a great martini  we had some wonderful light fare (calamari, salad with jumbo shrimp, burgers) with wonderful service while enjoying the music of local artist Lenny McDaniel after a late day affair with shrimp and crawfish po-boys from Johnny (location FQ). We also enjoyed the Shrimp  Grits and U-Peel Jumbo Shrimp in butter sauce at Mr. D Bistro (location FQ); and Blackened Gulf Fish and delicious PB pie for dessert at Red Fish Grill (Bourbon St. in FQ). Our best meal was at the Upperline Restaurant (Garden District); a wonderful eclectic atmosphere with a fabulous menu. Other recommendations are the Hotel Provincial very own Stella and Irene (for Italian). We also enjoyed the PC Ms. D for breakfast-it too was good! Bottom-line: It a 3-star charm in an excellent location  we would stay again. Our weekday room rates seem a bit higher than many of the other Trip Advisor reviews but we still consider OUR ROOM a good value at an average rate of ~$200/night (taxes included). Pictures to be posted soon.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rmcc189
<Content>Poor hotel in OK location OK location in the French Quarter within easy walking distance of the main attractions in New Orleans. Despite having booked and paid for a non-smoking king size room in advance on arrival they claimed to have none. Only rooms available were extremely small with the smallest double bed and shortest shower. Would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Could Do A Lot Worse... We stayed at this hotel for our first trip to New Orleans in February 2004, and found it to be a completely adequate hotel at a very good price. We had the suite at only $99 per night which was an incredible deal for a room so large. It was nicely furnished with a nice view of Conti Street. The furniture in the room was of good quality and the overall maintenance of the room was definitely above average.We found the desk staff to be efficient but not at all friendly; almost robotic. Our complaints with the room involved a shower that was so slow to drain that we were up to our ankles in backed up water. Also, the room wasn't the freshest-smelling place I've ever been. The windows are very old and do not insulate the sound very well. It also didn't help that there was jackhammering on the street starting at 7 am for two mornings. I think the biggest gripe I have with this hotel is the housekeeping staff. First of all, they can be heard bright and early chatting and gossiping, at a volume level that is simply ridiculous. And they didn't do a very good job in the room, either. The room was never vacuumed and popcorn (that wasn't ours) was on the floor for days. The baseboards and tables were also very dusty.Upon check-out the woman behind the desk didn't say one word to us, not even a half-hearted thank you. Otherwise, this is a remarkably average hotel in a very good location. If you get a steal of a deal, go for it, but there are better hotels in the area in our opinion.P.S.: The restaurant on the first floor of the hotel claims to have the best Eggs Benedict. This claim, in our opinoin, is untrue.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent French Quarter Hotel We stayed at the Prince Conti from March 13-19, 2005. We found the best price by booking directly with the hotel. We had a large clean room that was quiet every night, even though we were only half a block from Bourbon Street. The desk personnel were helpful and we had several excellent breakfasts at a reasonable price at Ms. D's bistro at the hotel. We also enjoyed good food and good service at the Bombay Club at the hotel. We feel we received excellent value at a good price in a great location.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of Both Worlds in the French Quarter My husband and I recently spent a couple of days in New Orleans and this time actually stayed IN the French Quarter at the Prince Conti Hotel. It is a short block from Bourbon Street in the best part of the Quarter. Talk about convenient-- walk to breakfast at the Cafe du Monde, shopping , night life, fabulous restaurants , and never worry about finding parking because your car is in the hotel lot.  What I appreciate the most is that we didn't have to give up a nice quiet place to stay. In spite of its proximity to Bourbon St. the Prince Conti is wonderfully quiet, with a great bed, lovely accomodations , and probably the nicest management and staff you'll find anywhere. All of this at a very resonable price.  We are ruined! It's the Prince Conti for us from now on! We feel it really does offer the best of both worlds.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best deal in Quarter We actually stayed Dec 23 04 - Dec 27 04 but just remembered to review. I loved the Prince Conti. The 2 best things are the location and the price. We've stayed at several hotels around the quarter and paid more for all of them. The Conti is right in the middle of everything. We had good maid service, quiet rooms, friendly staff and great prices. Some reviews wrote they didn't have coffee makers but we had everything we needed including the coffee maker. I'd like to thank the friendly desk staff, valets and maid service for our wonderful stay. We'll see you again next Christmas.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay there again Just returned from N.O. tonight. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Prince Conti hotel. The location was GREAT for enjoying the French Quarter by foot. However, I would be lying if I said that my room wasn't inundated with noise from Conti street. I was on the second floor facing the street and one of the bars across the way pumped out loud music at all hours of the night. There was not only noise from the traffic and the bar, but you could hear everything in the hallway as well. This was my only major complaint, however. The bed in my room (room 234) was really interesting. It had a very large hand-carved wooden headboard..very elaborate. (see attached picture.) Antiques were throughout room. Chandelier was broken, but worked. Room on the smallish side. Large bathroom. Clean. Staff very friendly. Valet parking $20 per day. Staff had the car ready quickly every time. Worth the money considering that my room was around $50 a night for such a location..half a block from Bourbon Street. I should also mention that a friend of mine had a room on the third floor which didn't face Conti St. She still had trouble with noise. From previous tripadvisor users, I knew to try the restaurant across the street (Deja Vu). It was just like they said. Tasty and fairly priced. Portions were large. Smoky though, as it is technically a bar. It wasn't rowdy, however. We were there at around 5 p.m. on a Tuesday and were the only customers. I would definitely recommend it. I had the fried oyster po'boy which was very good and came with tons of fries. My friend had a very good burger and my mother had the jambalaya. Both enjoyed their dishes as well. Favorite place of all to eat was Bennachin on Royal Street. It is an African restaurant and it was so nice to see something different. Clean. Cozy. Small. Simple. Staff very friendly. Food very flavorful. Prices reasonable, especially the lunch specials for around $6 served from 11 a - 3 p. I had a friend with me who was initially hesitant to try something that sounded so exotic, but she (and the rest of my party) were all very satisfied with our meals. They had plenty of business and I heard the people next to me saying that they had been there 2 out of the 3 days they had been in The Quarter so far. Both of these restaurants were much better than Cafe Maspero on Decatur or Voodoo BBQ on St. Charles. Anyway, I digress. If budget is your number one concern and you don't mind some noise, the Prince Conti is THE way to go. The furnishings were unique, the rooms were clean, and the staff was always friendly and eager to please.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Same Experience I stayed at this hotel August 2004. I am so glad to see that the hotel is still great. When I was there the staff was very helpful and friendly. I was traveling alone and they did a great job making me feel welcome. The housekeeping staff did a great job. I hope to be in town in the near future and would love to stay there again. The only disappointment was no ghost.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Service, inexpensive, What a DEAL. My wife and I stayed at the Prince Conti, the week before Mardi Gras. We knew nothing about New Orleans. The desk people were amazingly knowledgable and helpful. They steered us towards the tours that had the best value. All in all, they made it a fantastic trip for us.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Deal, Nice hotel For a 3 star hotel, the Prince Conti meets or exceeds all expectations I had. I've read the other reviews and was a bit concerned about some of the complaints made but the cheap price was well worth the chance, and I wasn't dissapointed. For $59 a night I got a very clean and nicely furnished room with 2 double beds and a sitting area with a sleeper sofa. The bathroom was small but very modern and clean. The maid staff was very friendly and did a great job of changing and replenishing linens/towels daily. The front desk help was also always very accomodating and kind. Also, as I was walking out of my room I would sneak peaks at other rooms as the maids were cleaning and they all looked very neat and clean as well. The only downside I can think of is the noise factor. The walls are thin so you can hear pretty much everything that is going on outside your door, however I didn't hear any noice whatsoever from Bourbon street. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value I completely agree with the reviews that indicate this hotel is an excellent value, don't expect a luxury hotel. Our friends had a non-smoking room on 3rd floor, we had smoking, ours was bigger. Staff was very helpful, accept their recommendations for the swamp tour, we had the best tour guide EVER. Restaurant across the street had the best pork chop breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Wonderful staff, clean rooms, perfect location and good rates! Glad we stayed here. We will return again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place, even better location I had read mixed reviews about this hotel, so I was a little leery of staying here--especially at a rate of $49 a night! However, I was very pleasantly surprised. We had reserved a queen/king room. Upon arrival, we were put into a king suite. It was fabulous! Nice, comfortable bed, large sitting area, and nice bathroom. This room was on the third floor, the floor most good reviews came from. I don't know what the rooms on the lower floors were like, but I did peek into a couple of regular rooms that were open for cleaning and they also seemed nice. The location of this hotel cannot be beat. I have never had a room in the French Quarter for less than $100/night, so I was absolutely thrilled. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice :) Very suprised upon arrival. The room was nicely furnished and very clean. The location of the hotel is fantastic, we were close to everything. Great martini bar in the restauant. We were there seven days over christmas and are looking forward to returning. Oh, on our 2nd to last day we discovered the quaint little restauarnt/bar accross the street, don't wait that long to try it your self (inexpensive and GOOD food).  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oliviadawg
<Content>Best deal in the French Quarter The Prince Conti is a great deal for budget-minded travelers who want comfort and convenience. No, it's not a five-star hotel, but it's definitely at the very top of its price range. Clean, reasonably furnished, quiet, and within stumbling distance to all of the attractions in the French Quarter. We will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a staff! My sister and I stayed for four nights in December. The room was very nice and the price was excellent. My sister fell onto a pot hole and sprained her ankle. The staff was thoughtful, beyond belief. They directed us to the hospital and then later to all the wonderful sights in New Orleans. They even recommended an incredible African restaurant which we absolutely loved. We will always stay in the Prince Condi when we travel to New Orleans, and will recommend it to all of our friends.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location  Just returned from 3 nights at the Prince Conti. I booked my room directly through their hotel website, and requested a non-smoking room with king bed. Upon arriving, I was pleasantly surprised to find that I had a non-smoking room on the 3rd floor with a king bed, a sitting area, and two TVs. There was no view to speak of, but that didn't matter. The location was perfect; 1/2 block to Bourbon Street, around the corner from Bayona, 2 blocks to Royal Street, etc. Even though it's relatively close to Bourbon Street, it was a quiet location. There is a restaurant, Ms. D's Bistro, on the premises, as well as a restaurant/bar, The Bombay Club. The latter is very plush and features live music. Valet parking is around $20 per day; the valets/luggage guys were incredibly nice. The women at the reception desk were fine, though sometimes a tad indifferent. Even so, for the incredible rates I received, ($49 for Thursday night, $79 apiece for Friday  Saturday nights), I will definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best both in rooms, service and dining Recently we stayed 8 days at this great hotel, with a basketball team of 15 year old boys. The location is fantastic both for the adults and the boys. The staff was welcoming and helpful. The boys enjoyed the hotel as much as we adults. But the real treat was the meal in the Bombay Club. The barbequed shrimp was the best we have ever had. The chef was willing to share and provided us with the receipe. What hospitality! The rooms were so clean and staff always ready to assist. John Patterson, General Manager, is committed to personal service, which is demonstrated in the relaxed warm personalities of the entire staff. The martinis are sooo smooth and the recipe for that great Barbequed Shrmip all guarantee a return visit to this delightful hotel. Lynn/Mike McDonald - Prior Lake MN  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth it This was our first trip to N.O. and we wanted a nice place near the center of the action, and that's exactly what we got. The hotel is easy to get to and less than a block from Bourbon Street. There is valet parking at the hotel for about $20 per night. I don't know where they put our car, but they were always fast about getting it for us. As for the room, it was great. The online ads don't say much about this, but I gather there are some very different rooms there. Our room was on the third floor, had a king, a sofabed and sitting area and two TVs (one facing the bed, the other facing the sofa), and a coffee maker with the ingredients. We booked through expedia and paid $129. The maid service was excellent and the room and bathroom were clean. This is an older building in a humid town, so it's not surprising it has a faint musty smell -- you notice it when you arrive, then forget about it. I'd definitely stay there again. P.S. after lots of different dining experiences (all great) we wanted something more intimate -- very much enjoyed The Pelican Club, an easy three block walk.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place To Stay Very nice hotel. The room was large and nicely decorated. The staff was pleasent and very helpful. The location is great, near everything in the French Quarter. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant, food was great,but the service was a little bit slow, but we were on vacation so why rush.The rate I got this hotel for was almost to good to be true. But our stay would have been worth 4 times the price.I fully recomend this hotel  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice room for the money I visited New Orleans for the Halloween weekend. I did not have reservations, but was able to get a nice, clean room for $79.00. The Conti Hotel is a 1/2 block from Bourbon St. The ladies at the front desk were very nice and helpful. I would use the PCH again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shamrockcb
<Content>Great location! Just got back and had a nice stay at the Prince Conti. Only thing I didn't understand was that there was mold in various spots of the room (ceiling, shower, etc). Other than that the location was absolutely perfect and the room was a decent size.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Shyyydoggg
<Content>Nice Hotel for the Price! Nice hotel, especially on the 3rd floor, Rue Conti side, with a whole row of windows and a good view over the tops of buildings. Lower floors have no view other than the street. Pretty quiet, considering the location, but a very pleasant and safe spot on Rue Conti. The rooms are better than average motel, though the hallways are a bit dim and smelly. Room doors are thin and no lock other than on the knob. Good towels, water pressure and clean bathroom. Comfortable bed. The staff at the desk were very nice and moved us to the 3rd floor when requested. The price was super ($102 including tax) gotten on Travelocity. Try the restaurant Latrobe's just south down the street past Bourbon, especially on a rainy afternoon. The building is very historic and beautiful. Ask for a tour. Also, an all-night restaurant across the street from the Prince Conti, and Broussard's for old-line New Orleans fair directly across the street. Prince Conti good choice for the price (got a $49 room last August on Travelocity), but a significant come down from the Royal Orleans where I had been the previous 5 nights! But the Royal was also $235/night convention price! If you're on your own money, the Prince Conti is an excellent, safe and clean choice.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>erinwyher
<Content>Prince Conti: Great service, nice rooms, but no coffee If I had to stay in New Orleans again, I'd stay here for the price, the location and the fact that it is very well kept. Can't hear anything from Bourbon street, but did hear the neighbors when they stayed up late partying in their rooms. Not a huge deal. Great, comfortable beds, very nice bathroom, good water pressure, huge towels. Surprisingly luxurious. Except for the no coffee...There is absolutely no coffee in the rooms or in the lobby. We got around that by going out to the convenience store next-door every morning, which opened at 7:30 (a time at which the only people you'll run into in New Orleans are the street cleaners, washing away the stale alcohol from the streets.)The service was fantastic, the front desk clerks were nice and helpful and guided us to some great restaurants (they suggested Olivier's which had yummy, authentic creole food and the best pecan pie I have had to date). Because I was one of the first to arrive for the week, the woman at the front desk gave us one of the best rooms in the hotel, and it was gorgeous and huge!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - would go back Only 1/2 block from Bourbon Street - but our room was very quiet. Great location. Charming hotel. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Treatment at the Prince Conti On a recent trip to New Orleans, unfortunately timed with Hurricane Ivans arrival, the staff of the Prince Conti Hotel in the French Quarter did all that they could possibly do to ensure our safety and to reassure us. They, (the staff) were constantly informing us of precautions and processes in place at the Conti. Generators for electricity, staff staying on site, etc.In particular the Front Desk Staff were outstanding in theri ability to accommodate and provide top service to many frightened and panic tourists attempting to leave New Orleans. Thanks Prince Conti for your friendly and efficient care.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I was traveling alone, celebrating a birthday. This hotel has a great location. I was able to walk to almost everthing. The room was very comfortable and very well decorated. The staff was helpful with directions and suggestions. The housekeeping staff was really on top of everything. I would plan to stay at this hotel on my next trip to New Orleans. My only disappointment was that I did not see any Spirits or Ghost. The Bombay Club is right at this hotel and that have great food and a bartender that makes great drinks. Thank you all for a great vacation. Mary Diggs  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Prince Conti, New Orleans We recently had the pleasure of staying at the Prince Conti. It is a lovely old hotel, quite attractive  well-kept. Very comfortable kingsize bed, nicely appointed room, fat fluffy white towels... The staff couldn't be more friendly  were of great assistance to us. I've read some say it was very noisy but that was not the case at all for us at least!! We'll be returning to New Orleans in Spring  will definitely be staying at this wonderful hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>freetoafault
<Content>Finally, a decent NOLA hotel Out of the numerous hotels in the Quarter and Business District that I've stayed in, the Prince Conti wins my vote for best place to stay in this price range. My room was quaintly decorated and clean. Housekeeping kept us well stocked on supplies. Everything worked. This is a huge step up from other comparably priced hotels in the area. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly. The only down side to staying at the Prince Conti that I can think of is that there is only one elevator (although we never had to wait for it for more than a minute or two). Other than those two small things, this is a great place to stay in a very convenient location. If you're looking for a clean, safe place to stay and aren't looking for high-maintenance extras, give the Prince a try.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Time We stayed in the Prince Conti in late Sept. 2004.Great location, close to everything in the Quarter. Walls are a little thin, we could hear a lot the hall traffic and street noice, but we liked the room. It was clean and well kept.We would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Friendly My wife is from NO, and we stay in the FQ frequently. This was our first time at the Prince Conti and we found it to be very charming, friendly, and a wonderful value. (Hopefully on their next refurbishment they will soundproof the walls as they transmitted noise between rooms and hallway. Snoring from the next room was troublesome during the night - and when we woke and were discussing our plans for the day - the snorer actually banged on the wall and screamed obscenities at us to quiet us down). All this to say that privacy is a problem - but the only one that I would call attention to. The staff were outstanding. The Bombay Club on premises was perfect for us - J.J. saw to our every need - dinner and martinis were superb. Ms. D's cafe also was perfect for us - a nice menu, and a great place to enjoy breakfast and the morning newspaper. We didn't drive, therefore we didn't have to deal with problems of parking in the Quarter. Location was central to shopping, some of our favorite restaurants and nightlife. The accomodating staff checked us in early and kept our bags until the limo picked us up. Even though we like to experience different hotels in the Quarter, we would definitely return to the Prince Conti, if only for its location.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would go back... My significant other and I loved the French Quarter! The Prince Conti is a superb location allowing for frequent trips back and forth to the hotel as needed. While, yes, it could have used a fresh coat of paint and maybe the carpets cleaned, the staff was extremely kind, gracious and accommodating to all our needs. Amy at the Front Desk was exceptionally pleasant and had lots of good suggestions for touring the city. The room always had clean, crisp sheets, plenty of fresh, thick, fluffy towels and endless amounts of toiletries. We booked The Prince Conti through priceline and only paid $50 per night! So, for our budget, staying at this hotel in the middle of the French Quarter for $50 was a steal! We loved everything about the French Quarter and simply embraced it for what it is during our stay. Also, an added note, if you are an early riser as we both are and Ms. D's is not yet open, the all night diner across the street, Deja Vu, has great coffee and great food. Take the plunge -- go to New Orleans -- and for a budget conscious trip, The Prince Conti is the place to stay!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Staff The staff, rooms, and rates at the Prince Conti were excellent. I definitely will stay here again next year. The closeness to Bourbon St. is a very great amenity all to itself. Highly recommend!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place for the budget traveler Great hotel for the budget traveller. Ideal location just a short walk from Bourbon St. Close enough to jaunt back to the room after a shopping trip. But you don't hear the noise of Bourbon St here (although the walls are a little thin). Clean rooms.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great price  We got a great deal on this hotel, and it was in the French Quarter so we booked it. My Husband and I stay in the French Quarter at least once a year. This was a great value for what it was. There is no pool, no fridge in the room, no coffe makers et,,, but the room was nicely decorated, nice sized, and comfortable. The Bombay Club is on the premisses, which has the famous martini bar ($8-$11) each but an extensive menu of martini's! They also have a fabulous menu for dining (a little pricy, but great items). We did eat else where but we do intend on visiting the Bombay Club to dine, on our next visit. There is a bristro next door, outside the lobby, that serves breakfast. Dont be fooled by the buy one get one free. Breakfast for 4 of us cost, over $60.00 by the time you add $2.50 for coffe each, and $2.50 for toast! The breakfast was delicious, but if you just want eggs over easy, go across the street to a local diner/bar, a bit dark and dingy but an excellent breakfast for $5.00!The Prince Conti was a nice location one block down Bouorbon Street which concerned me but I must say, our room over looked Bourbon, and there was no noise at all. This hotel is great for walking around the French Quarter, close to everything. The only complaint I would have is, though the decor is nice, it seemed a bit dirty to me. The lobby chairs were dirty, the wallpaper had stains, the bathroom tub had redisue up the walls. (I am a clean freak). There were fresh clean linens and towels every morning and the staff was friendly. I would have just liked to have gotten on my hands and knees and scrubbed the corners!!!I have to say though, a great value for the price, and a nice stay!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place!!! We had a wonderful time at the Prince Conti. The staff was great. Be warned though, French Quarter hotels are generally in very old buildings, this is part of the charm. If you are looking for spacious accommodations, this may not be the place for you! We had a king deluxe room. The room was lovely for two of us, and the bathroom was nice, but small as well. Along with the old building thing...the shower pressure could be considered low by some standards, but don't let that scare you. It still gets the soap off. The location of this hotel is perfect, you can walk anywhere from here. Some reviews suggested that the hotel seems unusually noisy, but we didn't notice it. We were on an inside room (Sorry no lovely views or courtyards...but honestly We don't come to the FQ to sit in our hotel room) I have also stayed at the St. Marie, run by the same hotel group and it is wonderful as well...good to consider if the larger room and courtyard view is important to you. We would definitely stay at either property again!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location-steps from Mango Mango For $60 a night this hotel is great. The location can't be beat. I would recommend parking on the corner or Conti and Rampart (it's cheaper), and the lot is attended. The rooms are small, but sufficient. The bathroom is small and showing some wear, but again sufficient. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was quiet. Note, the ice machine is on the 2nd floor only. If you tend to sleep in late (2pm), you will probably not get maid service. Again, no problem. As they say-Laissez les bon temp roullez (Or something like that). Can't wait to get back there.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince Conti is the best The Prince Conti Hotel, one-half block from Bourbon, is outstanding in every respect. From the moment we arrived, the staff made us feel like family. The general manager greeted us warmly; the desk clerk was friendly and gave us several recommendations on clubs and restaurants that proved invaluable and accurate. During our 6-day stay, they called cabs for us whenever we needed them, changed large bills for us, and kept our luggage after we checked out. The young men who handled our luggage were friendly, polite and accommodating. Our room was immaculate. We always had plenty of fresh supplies and linens, and the cleaning staff was sweet and kind. We have traveled extensively, and our stay at the Prince Conti Hotel has been the best hotel experience we have had. We heartily recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Recently stayed on the Prince Conti, after reading the rave reviews placed by others. The room rates for summer are great. However there were some disappointing factors: sheets were clean but bed cover had a cigarette hole; there was hardly a view; walls are thin that I could hear the next door's guest jumping in bed; some guests were running down the hall around 3 am; there is no courtyard to sit in for some relaxation. The day concierge was friendly and very helpful with sightseeing. Next time, I will look for a hotel with more amenities like coffee in the morning and a courtyard.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must have been in a different hotel than others Seeing all the rave reviews of this place, I must have been at another hotel, there is nothing decent in downtown NO, or its clientele is too young and/or drunk to know any better. Desk service is condescending, except for the sheets rooms are really not well-maintained, carpet is badly stained, and everything is worn-out. Good but noisy location with thin walls. Downstairs breakfast restaurant looks mediocre and expensive, though the night club looks intrguing. Would stay again only if stuck. Tip: Unless the season is very busy, you can probably get very deep discount coupons at Visitor Center, so don't reserve ahead.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place - Great location Stayed at the Prince Contri April 5, 2004. The desk clerk had a condescending attitude (she was training someone) the rest of the staff were excellent and the Valet most accomodating. The hotel was clean, well kept and mostly quiet. It is 1/2 a block from Bourbon Street and within walking distance of everything. Very much enjoyed our stay. Great hotel for the price but do check for coupons!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again ! Booked this hotel for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend based on reviews on Trip Advisor. This hotel and the service was horrible. The worst I have ever experienced. We were given room # 350 and I had to ask at the front desk for directions to the elevators. I guess it was to much trouble for them to offer directions. I ask if there were coffee makers in the rooms, and she told me no and not to try to plug one up either because it would blow all the fuses. (I'm thinking possible fire hazard here). Went upstairs to the room. Long dark dingy hallways, dirty carpet. The room itself was awful. Dark, smelly, and dirty. The bathroom was clean, but the shower had mold growing all the way around the bottom and in the corners. There was big dark splotches of something on the carpet, which looked like maybe someone had vomited there. Really Gross. Went back to the desk and ask for another room or suite, she said nothing was availible and didn't seem concerned that we were afraid to take our shoes off in our room. Found out at bedtime that the only ice machine was on the 2nd floor (we were on the 3rd). I will have to say that the sheets were very clean and ironed (you don't see that anymore), but were were afraid to let the bedspread touch us. Early the next moring, we called the Hilton Garden Inn a little further uptown. They gave us a room for the same rate as the Conti ($99) and we moved. Didn't bother to check out of the Conti as she said we could not get a refund so we just took a loss on the next 2 nights, and we actually relieved just to be out of there. Our room was the pits and so was the service.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely stay there again Just spent a long weekend in the French Quarter and the Prince Conti was perfect. Great location, nice, comfortable accommodations, and mostly friendly service. A very reasonable price for the French Quarter. It's well worth it to pay a little extra to be that close to Bourbon St. We were surprised at how quiet it was in general (although the walls are a little thin, we could hear the people in the next room).   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay Here Again We stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel for a week during Jazzfest, and even with the full-to-capacity status of the hotel, the rooms were cleaned every day, towels were re-stocked (and extras were available! ) and the staff was never to busy to help out with any request we may have had. The hotel is in a great location (right off of Bourbon St., next to a deli, in the middle of the quarter). Also, the air conditioner was in great working order-- which is important when you're hot and the weather is humid all of the time. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely book this hotel next time we travel to New Orleans.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guthesq
<Content>Stayed Many Times, Will Stay Again Over the past few years, I've stayed at the Conti at least 6 times. My experience has always been above average. The rooms are well-appointed, the staff cordial and helpful, the location great, and the price reasonable. Plus there's that little grocery store next door that is convenient I've had the misfortune at staying at other hotels in the Quarter when I couldn't get a room at the Conti, and have always found myself wishing I had thought far enough ahead to have booked a room. For example, the St. Ann / Marie Antoinette, which is also on Rue Conti is a block off of the other side of Bourbon. They're more expensive than the Conti and a total hell-hole. Try the Conti once, then try another place the next time you visit, and you'll be a Conti patron from then on.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsgcsa
<Content>A great hotel in the French Quarter This was a great hotel with a moderate price. The staff was very friendly and the room was clean. Make sure you ask for an interior room however. The garbage truck is loud at 4:00 in the morning! The interior rooms are extremely quiet! The location is close to everything.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel at a Great Price! My husband and I stayed at the Prince Conti in July of 2003. The staff was incredibly friendly. The housekeepers, the concierge, the bellhops, everyone providied an excellent level of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and clean. The price was fantastic! And I loved how centrally located the Hotel was. It was very convenient for those quick bathroom trips while out partying on Bourbon Street. It was also a convenient place for us to stop and drop our bags off during the day. I would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location/prince of a dael Dec. 03; got coupon from LA visitor's center I-10 Coupon honored w/o hassle. Great location-close, but not too close to Bourbon St. Park your car w/ hotel and walk anywhere in 1/4. Overall, a 7 out of 10 in price/quality scale.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeteL92833
<Content>Convenient, bset for sound sleepers The staff is very friendly, the rooms are nice. Location is very convenient. Being so close to Bourbon street, the rock music invades the room, if you are unlucky to have a room on that side. They need to install double pane windows. Another problem with being so close is that when the drunks come back to their rooms at all hours of the night, they make a LOT of noise. Walls are thin. During the week, this shouldn't be a problem, but weekends are another story. Breakfasts at the adjacent restaurant were really pricy, so we passed and went for beignets.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time Very nice, reasonably-priced and very well-kept rooms in the heart of the French Quarter, with a friendly, helpful staff. The courtyard was relaxing, and inviting.Note: We chose this hotel after reading TripAdvisor feedback, which kept us from making a costly mistake. Invaluable advice from other travelers helped make it a great trip. Thanks, TripAdvisor.com.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place right off of Bourban St This was a nice clean place 1/2 a block off of Bourban St. If you want to be right in the French Quarter and don't mind a small room in a relatively small hotel, I'd srtongly recommend  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgsilva
<Content>Great Location, Good Value I stayed at the Prince Conti for 6 nights in February. Deceided to stay there based mainly from comments on this site. For the price, $139, it was a good deal compared to what some other hotels in the area were charging. My room was spotless and spacious. Though a little worn and ready for renovation. The staff is friendly and the location is excellent. Overall, a good choice in the quarter.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect The prince Conti is simply perfect. Spent two week here with my fianc?e (I purposed at the Hotel) over Xmas and had the most wonderful time. The location is perfect, noise is kept to a minimum, staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the price was excellent.Try the Bombay club for a very pleasant dining experience. Try and get a private booth! Very romantic!The only problem we had were from some quests who booked in for one night, they were very loud and inconsiderate of other guests. However a quick phone call later and hotel staff were on hand.Our room was fairly small, but hey, who spends that much time in the hotel room when you?re in New Orleans? The room was clean and tidy with excellent maid service. The only complaint I would make about the room was you didn?t get a safe deposit box. However you had them at then front desk.Front desk staff were the best. So helpful, we arrived very late on the first night and they arranged with a local restaurant to reserve us a table and look after us. They had great local knowledge and information on things to do and see. We were also given a free bottle of champagne and breakfast when they found out I had purposed to my partner!Overall this is a fantastic hotel; great staff and service (try the breakfast!!!). New Orleans IS the place to go for a holiday. We will be returning!Steve  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay Again! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone! I come to New Orleans an average of once a month, and have stayed in numerous hotels in the Quarter. The service here is fantastic, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and the location is perfect. It's close enough to Bourbon to be close to the action, but far enough off the street for some peace and quiet (for those of us who like to sleep in). You can't beat the rates for a hotel of this quality.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Felt like family Absolutely loved our experience there! The staff was very helpful - friendly  the rooms were charming (pay the extra and get a deluxe room, you'll be glad you did). We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful French Quarter Hotel Husband and I stayed here for a busy SugarBowl weekend. Booked room online through one of the discount hotel websites and though rates were high everywhere in N.O. for this weekend felt we received a good deal. Great location for F. Q., withing walking distance to everything. All staff members were professional and accomodating. Non smoking room was very clean and comfortable and had no problem with noise from outside are from our neighbors. Occasionally heard noise but went right back to sleep. Bombay Club is fun, food is great and really enjoyed breakfast at Ms. D's, service is great. Have stayed at many places in F.Q. and each one has it's own personality. I will stay at Prince Conti again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeff_GStratford_Ct_
<Content>above average room at below average price This is definitly the place to stay when traveling for pleasure. Rooms are small but clean. I've stayed at far more expensive places on business travel in the French Quarter but my wife and I were happy with our accomodations. 1/2 block from Bourbon St. and pretty much central in the French Quarter. A fifteen minute walk from the French market and 15 minutes from the Casino.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thin walls resulted in an early wake-up call by neighbors! I booked two rooms in the Prince Conti hotel for the night of Monday, November 24: one with a king-size bed, the other with two double beds. We were immediately charmed by the quaint look of the historic facility, which was built in the 1700's. The greeting from the attendant at the front desk was lovely, and she was helpful in recommending nearby restaurants. The location was perfect for walking anywhere in the French Quarter. Tuesday morning found us strolling toward Jackson Square and then along the Mississippi for a late lunch at Mother's on Poydras.Our stay, however, was tainted by extremely thin walls in one of the rooms. (The king bed room had no trouble with this - I'm not sure if their walls were sturdier or if the room next door was vacant.) The folks next door began getting ready at 5 a.m. and even suitcase rustling could be easily heard. We could not get back to sleep. Later I found that the next-door guests had been able to hear my sister's and my conversation the previous evening, much to my chagrin.I wish that sound had not been a problem, as the hotel was very nice otherwise.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location! Absolutely loved the location! The staff was very friendly  the rooms were gorgeous. The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the bed was small for an advertised queen-sized. It barely fit two adults. Besides that little side-note, it was fantastic. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Prince Conti Hotel was such a bargain! Located in the heart of the French Quarter, you can't get a better deal! The service is excellent, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the rooms are clean.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

