<Author>JOTI17
<Content>Magical but expensive!! We booked this 4 day New Years trip back in August when there was less talk of a Credit Crunch and the Pound was alot stronger than its current position!!We had a disastrous start to the trip with Euro-Star not contacting us (and 100 other travellers) about moving the Disney Train time 2 hours earlier than scheduled, and so consequently had missed the train!!!We were eventually put on another crossing that went directly from St Pancras to Paris and then had to wait a couple of hours for a further hours coach trip to get us to Disney. We were dumped at a bus station and had to then try and get two young children, three cases and my disabled father in law to the hotel. Eleven hours of travelling from the Midlands and we had arrived in the hotel lobby!!! Thanks EuroStar.The hotel lobby was stunning, check in easy and relativeley quick. We were on the 3rd floor on the opposite side of the hotel from the lobby, so a long hike using two sets of lifts and walking the entire length of the hotel with a disabled pensioner was hard work? We didnt ask to be moved so can't blame the hotel for this?The room was large enough for two adults and two children and we had an adjoining room for the in-laws so we were all pleased with the Disneyland Hotel.We had booked our eveining meal at the Inventions restaurant prior to going and so walked straight in a 7:00 which was good as there was already a queue forming. The childrens faces when Goofy, Minnie, Tigger and many other charachters walked in and came up to them during dinner was a picture and we were really pleased we had paid the extra money to stay at the DL Hotel. The cost to eat in Inventions for four adults and two children with a couple of bottles of the cheapest wine and a couple of beers was about 400Euros (拢400 at the moment). To eat in the piano bar with a few sandwiches, pot of tea and a couple of beers, approx 90 euros (拢90).Spent a fantastic New Years Eve at Buffalo Bills Wild West show with adequate food, great show and unlimited beers included within the price we paid (approx 65 euros per adult).Drinks within the park were very slightly cheaper than the hotel with a coffee costing 5 euros, coke 5 euros, pint of beer costing approx 8 Euros, glass of mulled wine 8 euros and champagne 10 euros per glass!! Fast Food was very expensive and not very fast!!!Overall we had a fantastic time in Disneyland, it was cold so go prepared, it was very expensive so be very prepared.DisneyLand Hotel is a great location, excellent food and service, fantastic experience for kids and adults with the charachters but it comes at a cost.Would like to say we had a good Eurostar trip home, but we didnt!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>TONGALeicestershire
<Content>REVIEW OF THE CASTLE CLUB AND DISNEYLAND HOTEL After reading quite a few comments both good  bad on tripadvisor about the dineyland hotel i thought i would pen our fabulous experience of not only the hotel but also that of the exclusive castle club , after paying a quite substantial amount for a 3 nidht 4 day break (ouch)!!! , i was a bit concerned especially as i like sunny / beach holidays , but i went with the flow and after a bit of persuasion from the wife and our 6 year old i thought sod it , well i'm glad i did from the staff to the resort ,i cannot fault it , i have stayed in quite a few 5 star resorts but for location and elegance it is just fab , food in the inventions restaurant is brillant and the constant characters flowing through the hotel  restaurants for photo ops and signing is endless , when you upgrade to castle club you get your own private castle club lounge which is exclusive to castle club members only it comes with free soft drinks tea coffee , sandwiches and cakes during the day and private buffet breakfast away from the masses in the morning , one of the best bits though is the direct lift staight to the park turnstyles , if during your trip inside the park and the kiddies are getting tired you can pop back to your room at anytime have a break and a cup of tea and then crack on later it is that simple !! no transfer buses just call the lift which is activated by a credit card size keycard and within seconds you are up by your room or your private lounge if like me you could'nt justify the extra amount of 拢500 , i would say save up and go cc its worth every single penny , the look on my little girls face was priceless when mickie  minnie not only came into the restaurant on the first night but even started cutting up her food and fed her she was so excited , i did mention flow of characters the only one she did'nt meet in the castle club lounge was donald duck and by my reckoning that is quite a few characters and all in the peace and tranquility of your own hotel lounge no pushing and shoving she got to spend quality time with each character , i have absolutly no hesitation in recommending this hotel or resort it is first class all the way however it comes at a price but worth every single penny ,  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SueEssex_England
<Content>Third visit in three years This was our third stay here in three years and possibly our best so far as we came better prepared than before.Euro / sterling rates make it pricey but we drove again and took as much food as we could get in our cool box, along with our travel kettle and mugs so we didn't 'waste' money on teas,coffees, crisps, biscuits etc and room service.We also avoid the mini bar which may be mini but has major prices!!This year we had our coldest weather conditions to date and were really glad we were so close to the park so we could head back 'home' to warm up.A couple of things had changed we thought since our earlier stays - restaurant plates seemed to have shrunk. It's possible to go back and forth as many times as you like but not everyone feels comfortable doing that. And character numbers seemed to have reduced in the mornings however those there were more major than some before so that made up for it.Personally though I'd never chose any other hotel as the whole experience is wonderful and a way of escaping the 'real' world for a few days.We feel so at home here which I find quite amazing for such a large hotel.Finally not sure what they use here these days but the smell wafting through the main areas was truly lovely too.Once you've been here you'll not want to stay anywhere else I'm sure!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>mohsen000
<Content>Disneyland Hotel Paris Great Location, great bell service they were very helpful on arrival and departure. Front desk was slow, really really slow and only two persons working.Our room was ok, 1327, they need to go a good clean toe nails and dirt behind the bedside table. Everything else OK.Room service food is really really bad and not worth the money, the soup was from a tin, the pasta had a sauce from a tin, I asked then why they cannot make a fresh sauce, they said they cannot.The California Grill, 50 euro plate of fish and it was burned, there as well they could not make fresh sauce for a pasta. The veal really salty and served in a small dish not worth 43 euros. There cheese trolly well, the smallest selection I have ever seen in the country famous for cheese, 5 types of cheese.They had a good wine list.Good service Inventions well its self service and it feels like front canteen from mash. If you can take any food without being pushed aside by hungry fellow guests, its ok, but at 50 euros per head its not worth it. Whats makes it worth it for the kid are Mickey and freinds who really are fun for the kids.Hotel breakfast is ok.Whats worth the money only to stay at this hotel is Mickey and Friends every morning from 7.30am until 11am, and the Hotel is 20 meters from the Park.After spending 2500 euros in 3 days, they charged us 65 euros extra to be allowed to check out at 12.30 instead of 11am, It feels like its all take from the Hotel and they give nothing.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Sandsy40
<Content>A good choice The location of this hotel is ideal, being within a few seconds walk of the gates to DLP. The staff were largely very helpful. I second previous comments about needing to book restaurants in advance - but this applies throughout DLP, not just in the hotel. On Day 2, we visited the concierge and booked for all of our remaining nights at restaurants throughout the resort.The rooms are very comfortable although lack tea and coffee making facilities. There are nice touches such as the carvings of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs on the frame of the mirror in the bathroom and the chocolate on your pillow each night :)One of the best features of this hotel is the opportunities available to meet with Disney characters. There are characters outside the breakfast room each morning. There was a wonderful array of characters in reception at 4pm every afternoon. And during evening dinner, the characters visited each table in turn allowing for good interaction, autographs and great photo opportunities.Breakfasts are fine with a selection of hot and cold buffet (though only scrambled and boiled eggs, no eggs are cooked to order). Coffee is available on each table and staff visited each table offering tea or hot chocolate as an alternative. The evening buffet isn't cheap at 51 euros pp (20 euros for 3-6 year olds) but offers a good selection - including all the prawns and langoustines you can eat. There's also kid friendly food available and a freezer of ice lollies/cornettos etc. The evening waiting staff were particularly friendly.I would definitely choose to stay here again, mainly for the convenience factor but also the general levels of comfort and the Disney character meet opportunities.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryMagee
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We stayed here for five nights. I went with my daughter and my sister and her two year old daughter. We had previously stayed at the Seqouia Lodge Hotel and enjoyed our stay apart from the endass walk to get to the restaurant or the reception from our room. Not wanting the same inconvenience we opted for the Disneyland Hotel this time.This was definitely a great choice! When we arrived there was no queue at reception (on our previous stay at Sequoia we had queued for 15 minutes) The room was great, really clean spacious and a cot already in place for my neice. We had a great restaurant for breakfast where the children met up with different Disney Characters daily. The only negative was the fact that we felt slightly abandoned at breakfast with no-one asking if everything was okay or if we wanted hot water or tea instead of the coffee on the table.The hotel is literally ten metres from the park turnstile entrance which was brilliant, when my neice fell asleep we nipped back to the hotel and then out again when she awoke.The character buffet in the evening was great (if a little pricey at 50 euros per adult) but there was a constant stream of Characters to our table and no pressure to eat and leave. I would definitely recommend the half board option. Check out was a breeze and we were escorted to our coach when it arrived to take us to the airport.All in all a great holiday and a super hotel with friendly and helpful staff!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheeky75
<Content>Great hotel but be awaer of a few things! We recently spent 2 nights at the Disneyland Hotel at Euro Disney with our 3.5 yr old daughter. The hotel is great in terms of its location and the characters that frequent the hotel during the day and at meal times. The accomodation is good, a little tired in places and in need of a redecoration but the atmosphere is great. The swimming pool and changing facilities are not great and are not linked so you do find yourself walking through the pool and gym reception wrapped in your towel!One thing that we werent aware of is the need to book the HOTEL'S restaurants before you go. When we arrived (midday) we asked for a table that evening and were told by the concierge that we should have booked in advance and that we could not get a table until 10pm. Clearly with a 3 year old that was not good! We went to the restaurant directly and did mange to get a table at 7.30pm. Booking up early and in advance seems to be the key for most things.One of the real benefits is that as the hotel is right at the Park gates it does enable you to make full use of the early opening times for guests of the hotels. We were in at 8am went on all the rides that were open at least 2 or 3 times without a queue!!It is a great place to go and I would recommend paying more for this hotel if you have young children. There is no way we would have seen all the characters that we did if we hadnt stayed at the Disneyland. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ohyouh
<Content>Magical and a truly great experience, highly recommend After staying 4 nights in a hotel from hell we moved to the Disney;adn Hotel where we faced lovely staff, great surroundings and just perfect. Me and my finacee are made on Disney and we couldn't have had a more magic stay from the great breakfast with characters to the spotless pool it was wonderful. The only thing that I would say negatively to the hotel is that the receptionist forgot to give us our fastpass tickets upon arrival and we had to ask or these on our last day and never got the opportunity to make full use of them. So make sure you ask for these upon checkin. Highly recommended  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>disneyCambridgeshire
<Content>good time had buy all we stayed at the Disney hotel where we found the staff to be happy eager to help nothing was to much trouble and all spoke English. we had read negative reviews about this hotel so we thought we would put are views which are spotlessly clean the room spacious the bed was huge a large seatee the en-suite had clean fresh towels everyday even the wallpaper held surprise if you looked close enough the breakfast covered all tastes and as much as you could eat it was expensive everywhere 0n the resort if you go somewhere like that you should expect it .we saw different characters every morning at breakfast and afternoon in the hotel and also in the resort it was a magical experience we would definitely go back  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>private1_90732
<Content>Overpriced, over hyped and lacks Disney Magic Booked 3-night stay through Disney Web Site primarily for kids to meet characters based on trip advisor reviews and proximity to theme park. No availability for certain dates so also booked Radisson SS for 3- nights. Radisson SAS was superior product in my opinion.Hotel is clean, lobby areas have pleasing aroma, but generally very poor service. Room quality was reasonable but functionality lacking. Booked babysitter at check-in due to business meeting in Paris, form completed and signed but alas form was not processed by Disney staff and no baby sitter was made available, phoned on morning to confirm baby sitter and Manager apologized but was unable to find a babysitter. Service at bars and restaurants was generally very slow but room service was exceptionally good and quick. Go figure! Food quality was excellent and buffet choice is wide ranging. Highlight of stay was opportunities for kids to meet Disney Characters at meal times.First attempt at switching on shower and the spray head fell off, which they fixed immediately but there were other small functional problems that created some minor frustration. For a Castle Club room it was not impressive at all.Staff were generally indifferent but a few provided exceptional service and overall service was adequate but less than what I expected from Disney particularly at the price paid.Family would stay there again but just for Disney Characters and walking distance to Theme Park, family preference was Radisson SAS Hotel which offered a superior product at better value and with much better customer service. Disney can and does do better than what was provided and experienced at this hotel on this occasion.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>MaxiSouthAfrica
<Content>Great stay at the Disneyland Hotel I went to Euro Disney with my mother 73, and my bother's two kids ages 10 and 13 from the 29th of September to the 2nd of October. We stayed in the Castle Club at the Disney Hotel. We arrived a bit later than expected due to the Eurostar delays. Check in was very easy and we were given a room immediately even though it was still before 15h00. The service is very good and the staff extremely helpful and friendly. The room had enough space for my mother's wheel chair. Our room had a garden view which was very nice. On the first morning the kids were so excited to see Mickey that they immediately went to the second floor and we ended up eating breakfast in the main breakfast area. There were no queing for food and a wide choise. There is lots of caracters around during the mealtimes in this hotel. The orther area where we also met lots of characters were around studio 1. On the day we checked out we were also issued with a card for the lift to be able to utilize the afternoon tea and cake as well as the free drinks in Catle Club before we had to board the Eurostar again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kildare165
<Content>Most majical place!! We have just returned from an eventful stay in Disneyland Paris Park and Hotel! To say the leaset!We started off our stay at the FABULOUS Disneyland Hotel and after a walk around the fantasic, majical Park with our 2 children aged 3 and 7 years we returned to the hotel to check in at 3.00 to be told we had been upgraded to the castle club WOW! The VIP service we received there was fantastic and sOOO friendly were the staff in the whole hotel! I had read reviews about the rooms being small but to me they were just as big as any other hotel room I have stayed in but more beautiful as Disney does! Also some people had written reviews about Disney being really expensive the only thing I saw that was pricey was the mini bar which you should avoid or you will pay 5.00 euro a bottle of water! Apart from that we ate in Mcdonalds as a treat for kids 25.00euro for burgers fries drinks deserts ect. for 4 which you would pay more for in Irelands McDonald's to be quite honest. Planet Hollywood great food but do request a time that morning at conceriage so you don't have to wait long , a meal there 4 main courses(2 adults, 2 children's meals) 1 beer ,1 wine which(in disney is very smallglasses of wine) and 2 deserts(children) 61 euro fine! We booked and pre-payed a food voucher before we left I would not do that again as if you don't make the booking for a specific disney resturant you will lose your money it is better to go and then see as you have SOOO much choice for food there and I thought the food was exceptional as was all of Disney! Our children actually got a virus going over and the help we had from the staff in the Disneyland Hotel was exceptional to say the least organising a doctor ,to cleaning our room whenever requested! I would not be able to fault the staff or service in this hotel at all. Thank you Disney we will be back soon and can't wait!!!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cam.r.b
<Content>tiggertastic Like some people, we had read a few poor reviews of the hotel and were a bit downbeat before going. However it was fantastic.We flew from glasgow with a 3 year old and baby of 8mths. Booked transfer witha company called tt-prestige who were great. We were greeted very warmly by the reception staff and made a fuss of the baby and 3 year old. All paperwork dealt with v efficiently, and room ready. Rooms ok - starting to show their age - but you dont spend much time there anyway. In saying that we all felt very comfortable. There is no fridge or tea/ coffee maker. TV has english disney channel. The hotel puts on a show of the characters at 4pm in the reception - if you have small kids dont miss it. Good photo op and autographs. We had booked several lunch and dinners before arrival (staying for 5 days). I would definately BOOK IN ADVANCE if you want to eat in the hotel. I spoke to several people who were told to come back around 10 pm for their evening meal (with kids) because they had not booked. Ate in inventions buffet (food was good, and good choice, also offered oz wine - difficult to get in France, characters walk about and spent as long as you wanted with the kids). Also ate in Calfornian Grill - a bit more adult - but the kids were welcome - food good. The food is pricey - but that is hotel restaurants. We also ate in the village at cafe mickey - v. busy but good fun. The park closes at 7.30 so around that time there is a mad rush to queue for the restaurants. The location of the hotel is perfect for the park - 2 mins walk. There is also a baby shop (buttons and bows i think it was called) on your right as you go in to the park- which sells nappys, baby food etc. The shop in the hotel sells all disney stuff - with a cooler for diet coke, water and milk - but expensive - 2.50E for a diet coke. The spa/pool area was very good - quiet. Sauna/steam in each changing room and jacuzzi at pool area. All staff were v pleasant and did their best to make you feel welcome. We would definately stay here again. pip pip  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Queen21
<Content>Dream hotel We stayed in disneyland hotel France for three nights.When we checked in after 20 minutes of standing around we were directed to our room on the 2nd floor.The room was shabby and had an awfull smell of smoke. I went back to reception and asked for another room. We were given one on the 4th floor much nicer but again shabby and bathroom not the cleanest.Nice touches like dressing gown and slippers though.Food was great especially breakfast.We had the half board premium package so our evening meal was allready paid for.I would advise people to take an half board option as eating out there is very expensive.Anyone with babies take some jars with you.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	2	3	5	

<Author>portsmouth_sam
<Content>Worth every single penny - fantastic stay I decided to take my daughter to Disneyland for her 7th birthday. I thought if I am going to do it I am going to do it in style and saved to stay in the Disneyland Hotel. My mum was coming with me so we booked a double room. We stayed there for 3 nights/4days in September. I'd read some reviews that said the extra wasn't worth it and they'd had problems etc, but I wasn't put off and still went for it and all I can say is I am glad I did. The hotel is absolutely fantastic. The second we walked in it has the complete WOW factor, and my daughter was just beside herself with excitement, there is Disney music playing all over the hotel and it smells just heavenly. The reception area is stunningly beautiful and all the staff were extremely welcoming. Check in was very easy indeed. I handed over my confirmation from the company I booked with and less than five minutes later we were on our way to our room and out luggage was bought to our room for us. We were given our park passes, fast passes, express tickets, name badge and fun pack for my daughter, hotel map and park map and were on our way. The rooms were as amazing as the reception, two big double beds, a beautiful bathroom filled with gorgeous Disney toiletries which my daughter kept as a memory, a gorgeous view over the fountain and the swimming pool. The TV didn't work when we first got there but by the time we come back to the room that night it was working so they were quick to get it sorted.The beds were made every morning and turned down every night and a gold coin left on each pillow which just made it all the more special. We ate breakfast in the hotel every morning which was included and the choice was out of this world, continental style, hot food - eggs, bacon, sausage etc, pancakes, croissants, pan au chocolat, spreads, toats, fruits. Just delicious and the perfect start to a hectic day in Disneyland. The characters were there each morning which you have to pay for at other hotels so this was worth while, and it's the time my daughter got most of her pictures and autographs as in the park it is just so busy and all the children swarm round. We ate in the Inventions restaurant on the first night which again is a buffett style and not one to be frowned upon, ok it is a bit expensive but I considered it well worth it as again you can eat as much as you want and the selections are just amazing. Again, the characters are walking round and they come to you so you can eat your dinner and wait for them to visit your table. In the Disney Hotel they had something called Princess for a Day which the other hotels didn't offer and it's the chance to have your little princess made up for the day, there is an extra charge for this but it was well worth it, my daughter loved it. All of the staff from the maids, to the waiting staff, to the concierge, reception and indeed the hotel manager who we come across in reception were just all so helpful and willing to assist in anything you needed help with.The location of the park is just pefect, you are literally a one minute walk to the Disney Park, about 3-4 minutes to the Disney Studio and about 5 minutes to the Disney Village. I will definitely be back to Disney some time in the future and no other hotel will get a look in it will be the Disneyland Hotel without a doubt !!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>svwhat
<Content>Our daughter had a great time ! Have to say after my wife and I read the one or two worrying reviews our expectations were set quite low, we are pessimists. But being pessimists when things turn out good one is really very happy. My 3 1/2 yewar old daughter on the otherhand has no concept of pessimism and she had just the best time at this hotel, because of all the characters she met and the fact they come up to her to get a hug. This and the location make the stay worthwhile. Then add on top - cleanliness, lovely helpful staff, good size rooms, and very good buffet food for both breakfast and dinner then this hotel is a winner. If we ever go back to Disneyland Paris we will have to stay here again. Just loved it all.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>criminally_sexy
<Content>We expected more As DVC members and because I was pregnant at the time we decided to spend our points and go to the disneyland hotel, Paris. The points that it cost for 2 nights there was the equivalent of a week at Animal Kingdom Lodge, Florida.This is the second time that we have been to Disneyland Paris, the first time we stayed at Santa Fe as this was before we joined DVC. The hotel itself is gorgeous, victorian style right on the gates of disney land park. The lobby is stunning, the rooms are very large. It was great to be able to just exit the hotel and go into the park.I managed to contract a chest infection before we got there so only spent a small amount of time in the park. However I did go to the pool. This was small but serviceable. There were a number of issues that we had with the hotel. The main issue was if we went to the restaurants in the shopping complex when the parks had closed the gates were closed too. These gates also led to the hotel. We searched for ages for a way past but we could not find a way to get back to the hotel and ended up walking around past the railway station and through the car-park. Secondly the shop in the hotel was really small, if a few people were in there it was hard to manover around. This was the only source for drinks etc in the hotel. We are glad that we did not spend money on this hotel and just points that we would other wise have been unable to spend. I think that after being at WDW Florida we are are tainted towards its European counterpart. Even at the flagship hotel it seems that the place is just an inferior copy.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ramblingirish
<Content>Back for the 7th year and it just gets better!       Meeting Pinocchio at breakfast!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>crosmor
<Content>worth the money for the convenient location Flew into Charles de G. and taxi cost us about E70. Traffic on return (morning was terrible - leave time!)On arrival there was a 'meet and greet' in the lobby. our 2 lids 4  11 were thrilled to meet eyeore and 5 or 6 others within minutes of arrival. This is what this hotel is about - you meet so many of the characters in the hotel you don't have to queue in the park. Great photo ops at breakfast time. Our 4 year old needed a nap each day and as the hotel is located at the gates of the park, this was really easy - no bus or walking.Food; ordered room service twice - quite pricey but edible. If you are looking for something special don't bother with it. Breakfast buffet style and plenty of choice - hot or cold. Ate in the resturant one evening - again buffet style and plenty of choice. Characters as well. Worth the money. Hotel isn't up to usual 4-5 star standards but you pay for the convenient location, meet  greet anf the fast pass tickets. If I was returning to disneyland with young kids I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bonrecord
<Content>Comfortable stay We stayed here purely because of the location and my aversion to waiting in line. Our stay began well as the valet parking was very efficient and we were upgraded to a superior room (without asking). This meant we had a sofa bed and our children (much to their relief) didn't have to share a double as they'd feared.All the staff we encountered were pleasant and housekeeping dealt efficiently with a query we had. We took advantage of the 'magic hours' and because of the hotel location we were in the park by 8am. Having 'done' Fantasyland and Discoveryland by 10am (the other areas weren't open) we went back to the hotel for breakfast (plentiful and reasonable given the volume of people being served).We then used the pool which was very quiet because everyone else was presumably in the parks.We didn't eat any other meal in the hotel. We ate at Walts one night - OK food and we had a view of the parade. Had a really disgusting meal at Cafe Hyperion - chicken wasn't cooked properly so we threw it away rather than risk food poisoning. My French is reasonable but after a long and tiring day I wasn't up to complaining which really I should have done.To conclude the hotel is expensive but for a short stay the location really makes the whole theme park experience more comfortable. We felt we got value for money from the Disneyland Hotel given the standard of some of the other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nickihof
<Content>Location Location Location We wanted to treat the children to a trip to Disney, but have also visited many times before, both in Paris and Orlando. So this hotel was booked for an overnight stay only. Early flights to Paris one day and late flights back the next.Therefore the only option was to stay here- closest to the parks, and to make it even easier we had Castle Club priviledges. The cost demands a sharp intake of breath but location is everything. The hotel has the best position and Castle Club ensures the best service. VIP fast passes take the stress out of Disney - less queue times equals less stress. Castle Club also ensures the best restaurant seats and dedicated lift access to the Magic Kingdom entrance.Disney is never cheap - this is the most expensive but easiest option and worth it in our book even if we have to shorten our stay. Disneyland Paris cannot compare to WDW Florida but Orlando could learn from the priviledges given to club level guests here. Unfortunately now we can never stay any where else!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gymnastmom1
<Content>Loved the Castle Club at Disneyland Hotel After reading some of the previous reviews last year, we booked the Castle Club at Disneyland Hotel in Paris the moment that it was available. We were doing our last family vacation before my daughter goes to college, and we are huge Disney Park fans. From the moment we arrived, it was well worth the money. We told the bellman we were in the Castle Club, and he immediately found our name on the list and took us straight to reception. Although we arrived before check in time, we were given our packet, tickets, and VIP passes. We were given soft drinks in the Castle Club Lounge and a pass key for the elevator to go to the park. The elevator opens at the park entrance, it was great!! We went back to our room at check in time, and our bags were there waiting for us. They went out of our way to make our stay enjoyable, including helping us with phone calls to our airline because of airline changes. Although the parks are much smaller than Orlando, it was a nice visit. They need to learn a better way to queue, like in Orlando. The characters came to the Castle Club Breakfast Lounge on several days, and our biggest surprise came our last morning when we had a knock on the door and Tigger was standing there. It was great!! The VIP fast passes were worth any extra spent. With these passes you can get off and on the same ride over and over. When most of the lines are 90 minutes while we were there, we went right through. The only ride that didn't have VIP passes was Crush and the wait was almost 2 hours. It was worth the wait, and we went back and did it again the next day. Our room at the hotel was nice and my daughter loved this part of our trip the best. The snacks at the Castle Club were great in the afternoon, and we found you could get soft drinks all day long there. Watch the fireworks from the Castle Club Lounge, the view is incredible. I would highly recommend the extra for Castle Club. That is one advantage that Disneyland Paris has that Orlando doesnt, and it is a nice plus.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nomoo
<Content>Horrible If you want to be able to roll out the door onto the doorstep of the Disneyland Paris parks then this hotel is ideal, but to be honest that鈥檚 about all it鈥檚 got going for it, and frankly that鈥檚 not much of an advantage given that most of the other hotels are within walking distance anyway.Disney position this hotel as the ultimate in luxury, which is like saying that choosing a salad instead of a burger at one of the Disneyland restaurants is healthy eating. Everything is relative I guess, but if this hotel is truly Disney鈥檚 ultimate then I鈥檓 scared of what I鈥檒l find at their other hotels. If you鈥檝e had the Orlando experience then you鈥檒l recognize this hotel as a scaled-down version of the Grand Floridian, with many of the same flaws repeated. If you鈥檝e never been to Disney World, then think Holiday Inn (in terms of room and food quality) meets old age home (in terms of d茅cor and the smell of the awful air freshener that they seem to use everywhere) meets train station (in terms of the huge volume of people constantly streaming through the common areas at busy times).For the most part the hotel鈥檚 general facilities are okay, but there are some perplexing inadequacies. In this day and age it鈥檚 inexcusable for a supposedly up-scale hotel to lack in-room wi-fi (and to then charge you EUR4.50 per hour to use it in the common areas). Ditto the lack of a basic convenience store for newspapers, toiletries, etc (does Disney have some sort of general policy limiting the sale of anything that doesn鈥檛 have their logo on it? If not can they please starting selling Goofy-branded shaving foam) 鈥?for a reliable supply of these you have to walk to the nearby train station. We found the pool area disappointing, especially the fact that it was indoors only. A big negative for us was that the hotel wasn鈥檛 more than superficially clean 鈥?we pulled back the curtains in the lift lobby on our floor to look out the window and found dust and grime everywhere. The fact that our room was cleaned in less than 15 minutes on most of the days that we were there also speaks volumes in this regard (certainly there would not have been time to vacuum the carpet in just 15 minutes).Our overall experience was definitely disappointing. French flair was notable only in its absence, as Disney appears to have done little more than translate the L.A. / Orlando operations manuals into French. The most obvious result of this was that our na茂ve hopes that the food would be better than in Orlando were hopelessly dashed at the first and every subsequent nibble.The service is patchy (most staff do try, but the overall impression is that unlike in Orlando the staff just haven鈥檛 assimilated into Disney鈥檚 culture of perpetual but disconcertingly surreal happiness) while the food is either expensive and awful (both in terms of flavour and healthiness) or acceptable but extortionately priced.The main buffet restaurant is named (apparently without any culinary irony) Inventions and for breakfast serves standard fare of mediocre quality. Fresh fruit was notable by its absence (limited largely to over-ripe bananas, dry oranges and floury apples, or otherwise heavily sugared fruit salad) and eggs came in only one variety (scrambled). After two shaky breakfast experiences we were frankly too scared to try it for dinner or lunch.The California Grill attempts to be more up-market and charges accordingly, but it falls very far short. Dinner for 2 adults and 2 children will cost you EUR160-180 (excluding alcohol) for a meal that would be over-priced at half that much. By way of comparison, our meals at La Veranda (Gordon Ramsey鈥檚 brasserie at Versailles) and at Kong and Alcazar in Paris all cost the same or less and were all immeasurably better value for money. On the plus side the service at The California Grill was reasonably good (the staff were well-trained and attentive) and at least real vegetables (i.e., something other than french fries) were on the menu for our children. Of course, the less said about the Disney park food the better - it's truly horrendous (and, as others have also noted, very expensive). Don't eat in the parks unless you're at death's door - and even then the experience may hasten your demise. All you get is fat and sugar in equally excessive quantities, with a few token attempts at salad thrown in here and there. Admittedly we didn鈥檛 try every 鈥渞estaurant鈥?in the park, but nonetheless The Backlot Express at Disney Studios was the only place where we found a half decent salad (pre-made of course, and 80% lettuce with a few token tomatoes and olives), but otherwise everything else in Disneyland or Disney Studios was truly, truly ghastly. It鈥檚 indeed telling that the culinary highlight of the Disney parks is The Gibson Girl on Main Street USA where the main offering is 12 flavours of Ben and Jerry鈥檚. FWIW, in a desperate attempt to find better food we gave Mickey鈥檚 Caf茅 in the Disney Village a chance and at least got table service with salads on the menu, the result of which was something that was at least fresher than the prepackaged stuff inside the parks but which nonetheless completely lacked imagination and consisted of little more than iceberg lettuce leaves.TBH we tolerated the above purely for the sake of our kids, who were naturally in awe of the rides and the characters in costume (not to mention the copious opportunities for toy shopping). By the third day however we had lost our ability to take one for the team, and took an excursion to La Vallee Village, the nearby brand-name outlet mall. This was a very pleasant surprise, not so much for the shopping (which was okay but not great), but rather for the discovery of Bert鈥檚 Caf茅 Contemporain, which offered a great range of fresh sandwiches, pastries, salads, cereals, yoghurts, etc, and which thus provided dinner that night and breakfast the next day as well on our way to Versailles.Clearly it was na茂ve of us to expect an experience much different from Disney World. The rides are as good as the American originals and (despite the apparent cultural aversion most European nationalities have to orderly queuing) Disneyland Paris is almost as well run as its U.S. counterpart so thankfully we (and most importantly our kids) had a good time outside of mealtimes, but it鈥檚 nonetheless a real shame that Disney can鈥檛 move beyond abysmally prepared fast-food, even in the gastronomic capital of the world.In summary: don鈥檛 pay the extra money for the Disneyland Hotel unless you鈥檙e physically unable to walk the extra kilometer or so from the other Disney hotels. In all likelihood the experience will be equally ghastly at all of the Disney properties, so you might as well pay as little as possible. And take your own food.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>sningbat
<Content>Disney Magic Its been a few months since our last stay but seeing all the negative reviews for the hotel might be putting people off staying here so wanted to add a good review. We have been to Disney 15 times and stayed in every Disney hotel so are in a good position to compare and this hotel is by far our favourite!! We travel by Eurostar using express for the luggage, never had a problem with that. While Ill accept it looks at big manic in reception at 3pm go later and avoid the crush. We always go CC and couldnt fault anything. If you dont do crowds or have small children its ideal. No queueing for meals nor to meet the characters. Unlike downstairs the characters visit you at your breakfast table so children get time to meet without being pushed aside by other kids. By booking your table for dinner at CC reception you always get the resturant of your choice at the time you pick. The rooms are huge and you do get a nice selection of freebies, including champagne in your room to welcome you. VIP fastpass is great too, esp if you have small children who cant or wont queue for long. Likewise the lift to the park entrance. If you are considering a stay here its well worth the extra.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>helenOxon
<Content>Great Hotel  Quite expensive hotel in comparison to others locally but worth it for the convenience of the location.Breakfast - very good buffet selection.Dinner - menu very expensive and not particulary child friendlyreception - not all great at understanding requirements and not as friendly as you would expect or like them to bewould def book again - but would have to save up to do so but would like to try out one of the suites as looks fantasticget showergel/shampoo etc but dont get very many in the room so worth taking your own with you.tv stations are limited but dont really spend enough time in the room to worry about itdidnt see as many characters in the hotel as i expected to  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Ruby41
<Content>Not as much magic as there should be This was our 5th visit to Disneyland Paris with our 5 year old son but the first time at the Disneyland Hotel. We had walked past it on a number of occasions before and went in a few times to be totally bowled over with the beautiful entrance area and staircase. It was absolutely overpriced compared to the other hotels in the area but we were determined to go, saved up and booked . We stayed for 3 nights, 4 days in the parks and travelled with Ryanair to Beauvais and hired a car to get around. We stopped off at a supermarket on our way over and stocked up on water, snacks and fruit - basically everything that costs a fortune in the parks. Arrival and reception at the hotel were very nice, bags whisked away and although our room was not ready we were given our park tickets and told to come back at 3pm. We then headed off for our day in the parks and returned around 6pm when our room was ready. Our room was very nice, very spacious and clean and that's about it really. The minibar was priced so high that we locked it so that none of us accidentally purchased anything. The bathroom was quite small and not what was expected although sufficient. As many others have said the TV in the room has no Disney movies, cartoons etc in English which after a long day out would be lovely to come back to with a tired 5 year old and relax. The aim of Disney though is to make sure you're not in your room but out (spending) in the parks so it's possible that the aim is to make the rooms welcoming but just not too much. Breakfast was just OK (motorway service station standard) if a bit of a bun fight to get to anything. On one of the evenings we ordered room service which again was OK but extortionate. I know the theme in this review is that everything seemed to be very expensive but we already knew this and were quite prepared to accept and enjoy especially as we booked this hotel. The real problem that we had was that it was not any better than other hotels we have stayed in visiting Disney and we were really expecting better. It didn't feel like a kids paradise and really didn't deliver for our 5 year old. The location is great and the staff were very pleasant. We would however not fork out again to stay here although we would return to Disney but would stay elsewhere. The Disneyland Paris Hotel lacked the magic we were looking for and for us the old adage of y'ou get what you pay for' just didn't hold true.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Nibs56
<Content>Loved Disney Stayed here at between 8 June to 11 June 2008. Weather was in the late 20s early 30s. It was the perfect holiday for us. We did not have castle club but it was still brilliant. It was myself, my wife and my 3 kids, 9, 5 and 2.5 year old.We went first class on Eurostar and opted for the luggage service which was well worth it. Trainfare was around 拢550 and suitcase service was 拢28. The food was good enough both ways. Apart from lugging the cases upstairs and delivering them to luggage area, the suitcases arrived in our room leaving us free to go to the parks straight away.We had 1 room which was big enough for us. The benches at the end of the beds were wide as the double beds and we used these on the sides of the beds so there could be extra room to fit us all in 2 double beds.No problem at check in. Got to the room which was quite a way from the main entrance but there was another discrete entrance which was very close to our room. You need the room key to access it. Make sue you insert the correct way up. From our room, we were 10 minutes away from the flying dumbo ride. 5 minutes away from disney studio park and 5 minutes from the disney village and train station. The location can not be beaten.The only things was the cost of the food. It was a complete rip off. We had dinner at the inventions restaurant the first night. It cost us around 拢130. Due it being a buffet you are compelled to over eat to get your money's worth. We had Mcdonalds one night . don't get put off by the queue, it took 15-20 mins and it will save you 拢100. Mcdonalds is not the healthiest but if you eat it for just one night it shouldn't harm you. The third night we had jam sandwiches and biscuits and cakes which wifey had brought with her in a suitcase, which at the time I thought was a silly idea but it saved us over 拢100, which was worth it. I rather spend the money on gifts etc.Do the flying dumbo ride once because it is a complete waste of time. You queue up for around 45 mins to 1 hour and I timed how long the ride lasted for 1 minute and 15 seconds. Get it over and done with because there are plenty of the other rides.Some of the rides are of a dark nature i.e. Snow white, peter pan and pinocchio. They primarily focus on the dark side of the tale and my little one was in his words I'm scarry dad Cover the eyes and they will be fine. Pirates of the Carribean was also scary for the little ones.I personally enjoyed the tower of terror and the aerosmith rollercoaster the best. Do not take the little kids to the armageddon attraction. It is way too noisy and scarry for them Lucky my kids got irrated by the preamble and they left before it got going thank god.To enjoy the magic hours from 8-10am we got up at 6.00am each morning. You will not necessarily get into the park for 8 but if you are there for 8.30am you will get to go on about 7/8 rides. We normally came back to our room from 2-4 when the sun was hottest so the little ones and my wife could rest. Between the these hours I was free to go into the parks and have a good time. This was only possible due to the location of the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jallen2006
<Content>Not a good hotel for children We have just returned from this hotel,myself,myhusband,11 year old daughter,my neice and her son aged 3,when we reached the hotel from the outside it has a wow factor,but thats were it finished for me!!!!!,our suitcases where taken to our rooms,we booked in at receiption,there was alot to take in at first about fast passes and meal tickets,we found our room i was hoping to find it more about disney,but it wasn't . I felt a little dissapointed for the children ,it was clean ,there was shampoo and all them type of things.i spoke to other people on the park they said they had disney soap and towel etc,this would have been more fun for the children.there is a hairdryer in the bathroom.We had a look around the hotel,this is a nice hotel for adults ,not for children theres not enough entertment for the children.the hotel is very exspencive.we had a look at the pool area again not for children,We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days this was enough.O yes don't use the bar in your room .we had six drinks out of it and it cost 88 euros.take your drink with you.!!!!!!!!! if your going you will enjoy it!!! hope so ,and don't forget to tell your children they have too push to see the caraters thats what they do,which i found this not nice as i've tought my children to be polite.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>n22_c05
<Content>Love the Hotel Our duration of our stay was 4days 3 night, 26th - 29th May, the weather was terrible and it was only sunny on the wednesday but the trip was still worth it. The hotel wasn't far from the Train station, it took us 5mins walk from the station to the hotel and very convenient as we have a 6yr old and a 18month old. We checked in at 4.30pm and minutes after arriving Minnie, Goofy, Pinnochio and a few more characters was coming down the stairs dancing, the characters then took all the kids and was dancing in a big circle, by this time i made my husband check in and i went with my daughter and son to see the characters, my daughter absolutely loved it but my 18 month old son wasnt very fond of goofy or any of the charcters and was screamin the place down! The characters left and me and my family went up to our room which was on the fourth floor and it was the first room as u got off the lift. we had a rest for about 15mins and we went round the park briefly as it was raining. We had McDonalds for dinner as we were all hungry and the rain was really hard, we took the food away and ate it in our hotel room. Next morning, we woke up and had breakfast and outside the restaurant was characters and changed every half hour. the breakfast was ok, but on our last day i got bored of the selection. We spent half the day in the park gettin characters to sign my daughters book, it was raining again but soon died down, i wanted to go on the rides but as my husband wanted to go on them to we couldnt go as we had no one to look after the kids, though i did get my daughter to go on the tower of terror, we were both screaming but she wanted to go on it as she kept seeing ads before we even booked our holiday! At lunch time we came back to our room for a rest and to feed our youngest then went to Marne la valle outlet shopping which is about 5-10mins drive, i think we paid 12 euros there and back via shuttle. Also from the outlet street there was a 5min walk to the end and there u will find a shopping mall where we had lunch and bought some stuff from their supermarket, it was cheap in the supermarket, but u have to pay 3 cents for a carrier bag. That evening we had dinner at Cafe Mickey which i recommend to everyone. It was such a good atmosphere, loads of different characters visiting every table so that no one gets left out. My son was cryin so much but my daughter was loving it, she even got a dance with minnie. The bill came to 82 euros for 2 adults and an under 12. they also give u a plastic cup with has a straw and lid  u can take home with u. That was a good evening. Got back to our rooms and found gold chocolate coins on our pillows and told our daughter it was tinkerbell who left it there (they did this every night during the duration of our stay)Wednesday was a beautiful day and watched the Main Parade which was amazing. We also made an appointment for my daughter to become a princess for a day, u can chose between sleeping beauty, cindrella and belle, she chose belle, I knew it would make her happy so money wasnt even a problem, it did cost 160euros for the full package. We decided to have dinner in the hotel restaurants Inventions because there was characters while we ate. I have read other reviews and some people liked it but to be honest it wasnt even all that, there were different fish as starters which i didnt mind but there wasnt alot of main course to chose from that looked appealing. It was so expensive especailly as the food wasnt great, 132 euros for 2 adults and one paying child, 2 juices. coke and a bottle of water. It was a rip off. Our last day it wasnt raining much, we checked out and then spent the day in the park. We got to leave our luggage there till we were ready to pick them up. Overall the hotel is very welcoming, staff were great even when i called from our room, room service was fairly quick too. the hotel is very close to the park and convenient. I would stay here again if we ever thought of going paris again, it is a very expensive 4 day holiday but the kids loved it and thats all that matters.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kay7171
<Content>My family and I all loved this Hotel       Goofy was great  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mauie123
<Content>WORST HOTEL SERVICE EVER! I have stayed at this hotel for 2 days in June 2008. The hotel is nice, claiming to be luxury, whereas the only luxury it provides is its excellent location. Other than that, it lacks service. I wanted to make a reservation at the hotel's restaurant. I called the restaurant from my room, nobody answered, I called the concierge, none answering, finally I called the reception, which transferred me to the concierge again, which made me wait for half an hour, when I personally had to go to the desk because the concierge stopped picking up the phone. At the desk, the lady was extremely rude, still telling me to wait, because she was busy. No apologies. If this hotel claims to be a luxury hotel, the service should be a reflection of that. I have stayed at many hotels, but this one tops in LACK OF SERVICE.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rubarby
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at this Hotel for 4 nights from 19th - 24th May. My second trip to Disneyland, Paris, but first time in this Hotel. A truly lovely place to stay, very clean and the whole Hotel has a beautiful smell to it. We had a room on the 4th floor with a small balconey overlooking the front of the Hotel. The room was maybe a little smaller than I expected, but was very nice nonetheless. Nice to have robes and slippers and the chocolate coins on the pillows is a nice touch for the children. We only ate breakfast at the Hotel, which was very nice- good selection of hot and cold food. My one criticism would be that Disney need to stop churning out the same characters at breakfast and tea partys etc, whilst I have nothing against Prince John, Friar Tuck, and Mr Smee, it would be nice to see more of the popular characters ie; Donald, Daisy and the Princess's and there are plently of other Disney Characters that you just don't see, it just seems to be the same ones all the time. Other than that we had an excellent stay, we used the pool, sauna and steam room. The pool is quite small and basic, but if you go at about 10am you will probably be the only ones in there and is nice and relaxing. Do your 2 early hours in the park and then go for a swim and then back to the park. Overall a lovely Hotel with good facilities, we would probably stay again, but will possibly try the New York next time.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Disneyprincess_8
<Content>Loved this hotel! We stayed at the Disneyland from the 21st - 24th May and absolutely loved it!I had booked a junior suite which gives you all the benefits of the castle club, but the rooms are actually in the wings of the hotel rather than on the castle club top flors. I was a bit worried about it before hand, it was costing us alot extra and there wasn't an awful lot of information about the rooms so I wasn't sure if it was going to be worth it. IT WAS !!! We had a beautiful room right off the main reception area on the ground floor ( so not far to walk to anything as I had read a review that said rooms in the wings were miles away !)The bedroom was large and tastefully decorated and had a huge flat scren TV with International channels. Through double doors there was a large lounge ( where our two children aged 2 and 5 slept) with a sofa (bed which would sleep two children), two arm chairs, desk and Large TV unit with DVD player. You could access the huge bathroom from both rooms which was great - no children traipsing through the bedroom in the middle of the night! There was a bath, separate walk in shower, dressing area with robes and slippers and a gorgeous giftboxed set of items like toothbrushes and sewing kit with Snow White and the seven dwarves on it. They had left a vase of roses, a bottle of champagne and a cuddly Mickey Mouse in the room for us when we arrived which was a lovely touch and made us feel really special! We also had a lovely patio with furniture and access to a beautiful garden. Loved it! Your door key allows you to get into the castle club area of the hotel where you can have breakfast each morning in a nice lounge area overlooking the park. There was a good spread of food that was constantly being replenished, and the lounge area was never crowded you could get seated straight away. You can see the characters in the hotel lobby at breakfast time but they do also come up to the castle club lounge and visit each table, we had Minnie, Mickey and Pluto visit us whilst we were there. The castle club lounge also puts on an afternoon tea from 4pm - 5.30 each day (no extra charge) which was lovely, a really nice selection of sweet and savoury nibbles and a good chance for a rest in peaceful surroundings after a hectic time in the parks. You can also get free soft drinks here all day. We ate in Inventions one night and thought it was great. It was very expensive (拢140 Euros for a buffet for 2 adults and 1 paying child and a bottle of wine !) but it was worth it. I had by this point got sick of burgers and hotdogs and queuing up endlessly in the parks for not very good food and this was a very welcome proper meal! There was a wonderful spread of fish, shellfish, meat ( the best roast pork I have EVER tasted!) pasta, vegetarian options ( there were even fruit and vegetables available, not easy to find elsewhere in Disney!) childrens favourites and desserts, and it was nice to sit and eat somewhere that was not noisy and frenetic ! Lots of characters visited the tables and spent lots of time with the children having photos taken and messing about, we had Mickey, Minnie, Tigger, one of the penguins from Mary Poppins, Captain Hook and Gepetto. The best thing about the Disneyland is the location. It is just so convenient for the parks, you can keep popping back to your room if you want a rest or have forgotten something and it's no hassle at all. I timed it as being a 30 second walk from our bedroom door to the nearest turnstile. Amazing! We also found the Disney Express luggage service to be really efficient - we left them at the desk in the station when we arrived and they were in our room waiting for us after we had been to the park. On the day we left they collected our bags from our room and took them to the station for us leaving us free to wander Disney again. Great service.Being castle Club guests we had VIP Fastpasses, these are cards that you show at the fastpass line any time of day, however many times you want, you don't need to use the regular fastpass machines that give you a time slot to return and sometimes run out when it's very busy in the parks. To sum the hotel up I would say it is the perfect place to go if you want a magical experience and you can afford to pay for it. There is no doubt about it ,it's extremely expensive ( my husband and I have had a week in Florida for less than the cost of this holiday!) but I don't regret it at all. The convenience of the location alone made it worth the expense particularly when you have young children, and the castle club facilities are great. The children absolutely loved the place and I have to agree that it really captures the Disney magic. A fantastic holiday and we will definitely start saving up to return again one day!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>parkrestaurant
<Content>Great Hotel but California Grill is a joke ! We have just returned from a magical stay at the Marriott Village Ile de France which was excellent. On our last evening we booked a table at the California Grill / Disneyland Hotel for our 8th weddding anniversary. The place has an upscale interior decoration with exception of the circular soulless salon , down the left, from the open kitchens. We ordered twice the 49 euro menu which was of very poor quality. My prime rib was the worst I have ever eaten, hard like a rock. The B茅arnaise sauce was served in a mignature glass and quite disgusting. My wife went for the Sea Bream with black Thai rice, completely dry and tasteless. When she asked for a portion of pommes pur茅e it was not available. Our 4 year old son wanted some mayonnaise for his carbonised burger. This was also not available.The hectic , over- nervous waiter in our section forgot all our drink orders, brought us the wrong desserts and was above all unfriendly to somewhat rude. The girl clearing the tables next to us put all her fingers in the glasses to take them to the bar,... what a service. On several occasions you could also hear the chef scream like mad when kitchen doors opened. It added to the general atmosphere in the place. Please, people at Disney, hire someone to get this restaurant sorted !  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travellergirl21
<Content>I love this hotel! This was one of many trips to Disneyland Paris. I have been at least once every year since it opened 15 years ago! Meaning I have stayed in all hotels and none of them compare to this one.As soon as we came off the coach and into the hotel, we were greeted. Check in was quick and easy (the staff can speak excellent English). We went to our room and our bags were brough after us. (Excellent saves you lugging them around). The room was just as amazing as I remembered them to be when I stayed 2 years previous. Two big double beds (2ad+2ch), bathroom with toilietries and the minibar (credit card req).This hotel is absolutely amazing and I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind paying the prices, although it is definatly value for money and you could not possibly find another hotel that is better. Although they are all brilliant! I loved the fact you could charge things from the shop back to your room or get things you purchased in the park delivered to the store in the hotel. Service is impeccable and having breakfast with minnie or micky or any of the other characters everyday is an added bonus and makes the trip that extra bit special. I would be happy to answer any questions regarding this or any of the other disney hotels  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>atyl1972
<Content>very nice, great staff and exceptionally clean throughout       you gotta go here  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>richraj
<Content>You get what you pay for!       View at dusk from Castle Club lounge  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Phil2408
<Content>Very nice hotel, convenient for the park, but expensive The Disneyland Hotel certainly has a 'wow' factor from the moment you arrive and is a very nice play to stay.The room was nice, big enough for 4 in comfort, though not spectacular. The two big factors we liked were:1. It's very close to the park entrance. 2. The breakfast is very good.These 2 points combine neatly into my first tip. Go into the park early (some of the rides opened at 8:00 during our stay) do some rides, then return to the hotel for a late breakfast. Have a good breakfast - this will keep you goind until evening.There are always Disney characters outside the restaurant during breakfast - great for young children (and big kids like me!)The principle downside is the cost. We didn't eat dinner in the restaurant - 49 Euros per person for a buffet just seemed too much. And don't even think about going into the bar without a second mortgage!Other tips.Coffee and tea making facilities are not included in the room. However, you can request a kettle. So take you own coffee and tea. You can buy small cartons of milk in the hotel shop.Take plenty of snacks to take into park.Check the dates of French school holidays. We went during the first week of our Easter holiday and the price was lots cheaper than during the second week. Also, it is likely that fewer people will be in the park - we had almost no problem with queues at all and only waited more than 15 minutes on 1 or 2 occaisions.Is the Disneylan Hotel worth the extra? Difficult to say. I have stayed in 5 of the 6 Disney hotels. Although it is very nice to be so close to the parks in the Disneyland Hotel, you will have a great time which ever hotel you stay in. I thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Disneyland, but would probably choose one of the other hotels on a future visit.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>marquesa9
<Content>Great hotel, costly, but worth it Perfect location, beautiful hotel, but it should be for the price you pay. Right at the gates to the park which is the number one benefit, so when the kids get tired you can just pop back for a rest. Lovely room. Chocolate coins placed on beds at night, kids loved that. The only downside was breakfast which was served from 7.30am and by 8.30 you have to wait for a table. Breakfast is a buffet with possibly the worst sausages i have ever tasted, cereal choice for kids not great , bacon greasy, bread toaster didn't appear to work after me trying twice and having three members of staff at the machine look at it and bread still came out not toasted which they thought was fine. The best thing about breakfast was the fact we took apples and banana's away with us. For france having the best chefs in the world, i have never tasted such poor food and my god you had better stock up on juice and water before you return to hotel because the they must bring in the salt to the parks on trucks. Kids t.v chanels all in french, no tea and coffee facilities in room. But i still think fab holiday, magical, just shame about the food.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>sue777
<Content>Inventions restaurant Have just returned from Disneyland having stayed at the New York Hotel (6 adults, 3 children aged 9,8,6). One night we went to 'Inventions' restaurant for a meal and it was amazing! Quite expensive at Euro 46 per adult and half price for children but very magical. An excellent choice of food, suitable for everybody .. the only disappointment is that the chocolate fountain wasn't as I'd expected as there wasn't exactly much to put in the fountain (a few strawberries and flumps) so it was more of a pouring sauce over the desserts. The most magical bit had to be the characters though that came in. During our 2 hour meal, we saw Pluto, Chip  Dale, Pinnochio, Geppetto, Tigger  Eeyore and each one came to our table for quite some time!A most magical experience for the children, and it looked like a beautiful hotel. Not sure if it is worth the price to stay there though ... we preferred being at the NewYork as it actually felt like you could escape Disney for a few hours at night and the ice skating outside was amazing!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amycollette
<Content>Magical This is the most Magical Hotel i have ever been to, dont bother looking at any other Disney Hotels..... this one is perfect!!! :)  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Hayleyrigg
<Content>Castle Club - The best way to do Disney!!!! This hotel is fantastic in many ways.We went 'Castle Club' and I would totally recommend spending the extra money. Where do I begin;Concierge and personal check in when we arrived. No-one was free as we did arrive so they gave us breakfast and came and found us in 10 minutes.Private lift to CC rooms from hotel that goes straight down to the gate (literally) of Disney Park.2 hours extra in the parks before opening (think this goes for all Disney hotel residents)Walk straight onto all Fast Pass rides, whenever, however many times you like - no need to queue for passes and return later - serious bonus, they queue for the pass to skip the queue - madness!Separate lounge for breakfast. Lounge serves free soft / hot drinks all day.Lounge serves free 'afternoon tea' that was pretty comprehensiveLounge is visited by many characters throughout the day, especially breakfast making those photo opportunities a lot less stressful.I think that covers it - it was really worth the extra money and made for a fantastic holiday.Go Castle Club!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bruno.bemelmans
<Content>Best place to stay in Disneyland Paris       the lobby at 7.00 am  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Casserole
<Content>Castle Club- Park ViewRoom at Disneyland Hotel, Paris       View from our room (Night)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>claire19974
<Content>Fantastic! Fantastic! Fantastic! Wow, what a hotel. We have recently returned from a 4 day 3 nt trip to disney land hotel and resort. We booked our flights with bmi as it worked out much cheaper than other operators( they always have offers) cost us approx拢350 for 2adults and 2 ch on flights. Which we thought was brilliant value . We booked the hotel on disney website as it didnt differ in price with other operators this cost around 拢900 incl insurance.We had early flights on outward journey as it gave us extra time at disney, when we arrived at charles de gaulle airport we took a taxi to the hotel. We decided to go down the taxi route instead of the bus as we have a 21 month old child who is a nightmare if gets bored!. The bus can take upto 1hr and half -v- taxi 40 mins We found out from hotel there is a train from airport too which is direct in around 10 mins not exactly sure of cost think they said approx 20 euros.We reccommend you bk taxi in advance by ringing the hotel as we got ripped off on outward journey we paid 170 euros, the hotel bkd us a taxi on return it only cost 70 euros. Oh, well we know for next time. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by the nicest men ready to take our luggage. They gave us a receipt and advised us we would find it in our rooms after we had checked in(which we did).As we walked into the reception we gasped, its massive, beautiful, elegant so impressive. Cinderellas chandellier hangs beautifully in the middle. After reading other reviews i was a little concerned about check in times. We waited to check in for approx 10 mins which i thought was pretty good as they were really busy and when its your turn they explained about rooms hotel and park. They gave us complimentary fast passes for staying in this hotel. we had one each per day. This was on top of ones you can get in park and as a bonus for staying in a disney hotel you get to visit park an extra two hours per day, which for us was 8am -10 am, we used this time to ride busy rides like peter pan flight, dumbo, buzz light year etc and get in ques for autographs. Our room was also very impressive, two large comfortable beds, table chairs, tv ( only disapointing thing was no english disney channel? not sure why as we found lots of english guest staying there) room service was very good but worked out expensive, as did mini bar, example kit kat 4.5 euros. The room was lovely and clean, lovely bathroom with bath and shower . Rooms cleaned everyday, plus as a added bonus the beds were turned back every evening and a chocolate coin was left on pillows. Our children thought it was mickey mouse himself! The breakfast was fantastic so much choice from fry up items to continental, yoghurts, fruit boiled eggs toast etc, plus fresh juice apple  orange ( various stations throught dining rooms). Tea  coffe brought to tables as were hot/cold chocolate for kids. Outside restaurant everymorning there were different characters posing for pics and autographs.The hotel also has a large shop stocking toys autograph bks ornaments etc.. Overall the hotel was amazing best hotel we have every stayed in well worth every penny! Were booking to return at end of yr. Before i leave you to digest i recommend you stand in front of castle when parade comes round if you have little girls as disney princess float stops there and they get off and dance by far best spot also toy story.We also had one evening meal in auberge de cinderellion ( sorry if spelt wrong) amazing got to meet cinderella and pose for pics, also special guest that evening were s/white ands/beauty with princes my daughter was beside herself well worth every penny.The princesses came round every table to talk to guests and pose for pics.Have a fab hol!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Euro-Traveller-M
<Content>Still the Best We stayed at this hotel for our third time. As others have said you can't really fault the hotel but I do expect more for the money. Over the last 4 years standards have slipped, e.g. you no longer get clean sheets every day. There are no tea / coffee making facilities in the rooms and some of the areas are looking a little tired now. Be careful in the swimming pool, the floor is extremely slippery and we saw a very very nasty accident when a young boy slipped and hit his head. Overall still a great experience and certainly the best hotel by far if you're going to Euro Disney.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>JMSG
<Content>Great stay, perfect location We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel for two nights in early March with two small children. Overall, this hotel is in a great location (the turnstiles into the park are directly beneath the hotel) and a 2 minute walk from the station. We found the reception staff extremely friendly; although we had only booked a standard room (not Castle Club), it was a nice room on the second floor overlooking the front entrance to the park. The hotel is spread over two wings with the restaurants in the middle of the hotel in a walkway section. The hotel stored our bags at no charge on the days we arrived and left.The room was of a good size with two double beds and was nicely furnished. As noted elsewhere, there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room and we did inadvertently end up being charged for a couple of items in the mini-bar trying to fit in the children鈥檚 drinks but reception were very obliging in correcting this. The shop in the walkway stayed open late and sells cold drinks if you don鈥檛 want to pay mini bar prices.We ate in the main Inventions restaurant although there was a choice of venues for breakfast. Breakfast comprised a hot and cold buffet which was varied and of a good standard. It was also open from 7.30-11 am which was great. There was a good inflow of Disney characters in the fireplace outside the restaurant for photos with a well organised system for queuing (our kids tended to get pushed aside in the scrum to see the characters in the park itself). We also paid for the dinner buffet at Inventions one night. It cost about 130 euros for all of us (kids under 3 eat free) but it was well worth it. The food was lovely (and lots of fresh seafood), the waiters were very friendly to the kids and the characters wandered round the tables at leisure. However, we were seated in one of the main conservatory type areas and it wouldn鈥檛 have felt so sumptuous had we been seated in the seats next to the buffet itself. We didn鈥檛 book any restaurants until the actual day and didn鈥檛 need to book Planet Hollywood. However, I suspect you would need to make reservations during busier times. The hotel gave us daily VIP fast pass tickets which meant that you could walk straight into the Fastpass section on one ride each day without having to get a Fastpass ticket from the machine (i.e. was in addition to the normal Fastpass system). We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at this hotel again as it was so convenient to wander into our room from the park at the end of the day when our children were shattered. Having said that, we paid just under 拢600 for the hotel and park tickets so not sure how much more it costs at peak times鈥?/p>  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AMHH
<Content>Loved our trip!       Hotel lobby  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SaffoStef
<Content>pretty good THe holiday was pretty good - the theme parks were awesome but the hotel was only good. Dont get me wrong, i don't think I can fault it , I jsut expected so much more for the price. The price difference between this hotel and the others is astonishing - and we didn't even stay in the castle club. I somehow expected the rooms to be bigger and more luxurious, but there was nothing to really fault. There were cracked tiles in the bathroom - but i would never have noticed it if I wasnt having a soak, and its pretty normal. I just dont think that the room accommodation in itself deserves a above average rating as I have stayed in better that werent assosciated with theme parks or this kind of price.Unfortunately we went when it was FREEZING. (14-17th Feb) but it didnt stop us at having fun at all. We were two adults with 2 boys (aged 2 - went for his birthday and a 2 month old baby) My little boy Loves mickey mouse, but was a bit freaked out by the characters visiting him every meal!! They were ever so good though and left him alone - which worked well - and by the last day he was calling for them to come over!There is one specifically important thing yo uneed to know when staying at any disney hotel - not only this one, and that is BOOK YOUR MEALS!! we didnt know this and spent our entire first night going from restaurant to restaurant trying to get availability before 10pm (it was 6pm when we were looking) and no one could fit us in - eventually I was in tears at Cafe mickey and a lovely girl got me in to the rainforest cafe. I was mortified at the fact that there is NOWHERE to get a meal unless you have booked I had kids to feed and I was starving! No one told us this before hand - they should tell you this in your hotel when you check in. You definitely have to eat the buffet in the inventions restaurant (erm, I think its that one - in the Disney hotel the only other one is the alacarte) its 49 euros per adult and worth every little cent!! It was amazing. On the last night we did it pretty much just for the orange crepes!! I think the service lacks a little in this restaurant though, but only from some lazy staff (the minority) However there was one asian man who was WONDERFUL - so you really never can tell. I think the grumpy people worked in teh morning buffets, but on our first morning the staff were so lovely. SO be prepared for a hit and miss. The food was on all occasions fantastic - brekkie and dinner.We tried Cafe Mickey too which was lovely - the food there is really great, and you can get veggies for kids instead of chips which is a nice change for them!! Rainforest cafe was a massive let down - the food there was poor, but I now know that it can all be a bit of a hit and miss. The rest of the hotel is very beautiful, and I would love to stay in one of the suites there, as I think that that would be the ultimate experience. I also didnt realise that unless you booked castle club you would have to stay on the ground floor - which would have been nice to know. Its great going there, and is worth it staying in the hotel purely for proximity and the food. Oh, and the bed was really comfortable. And its nice and clean. If you do stay there though, only one word of caution - the mini bar has magnetic strips to tell what they need to charge for - it says so in big letters on it, but we were far too stupid to read it!! lol!! we kept some things in there that we had bought as a snack on the train, and after that it messed everything up! They rectify your bill pretty quickly though if you talk to them - the people on the front desk are really lovely and helpful. We had to get medicine a few times and they sorted that out for us (with a charge - but still worth it because we all got colds when we were there!)I cant really think of any useful information to give other than perhaps if you are going to pay the price for this hotel upgrade to the club class for better views and the extras.we will definitely go back and stay there again.Good luck and enjoy your holiday.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>klhocking
<Content>Its truly magical We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Disneyland Hotel and it was truly magical. We checked in before the room was ready so given our park tickets and we left our luggage and went staright to the park. When returning for our room key were allocated a room that was currently being decorated, the painter did not speak any english but within minutes he had phoned reception and someone walked over with a new room key and our luggage was delivered to the room. The bedroom was certainly a step up from our usual travel inn rooms with 2 double beds a double sink in the bathroom and dressing gowns and slippers all supplied. Each day the beds were made and in the evening housekeepers returned to close the curtains, turn down the beds and leave a chocolate coin on each pillow !!!! Breakfast was magical with many characters waiting to greet you all willing to give autographs and have photos taken. The food was above average with such a large choice of hot and cold buffet food. We did not eat evening meals in the hotel as they were a little pricey. On checking out we left our luggage in the hotel and collected that evening before setting off for train station.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aidan_Smyth
<Content>We had a lovely time We stayed here from 20/2 - 23/2 and had a lovely time. The hotel is literally by the park itself which was great after long days of walking and standing in queues etc. It is also right by the Eurostar station but they still put on a bus service from the station to the hotel.We had a family room on the first floor and it easily accomodated our party of two adults, two teenagers and little girl aged 5. The room was very well decorated, clean and all the fittings were of very good quality. The beds were all comfortable and we experienced no noise whatsoever.It was busy there because it was school half term week but we did not wait long to check in nor did we experience any undue delays at the breakfast buffet. All the staff were wonderful and they really buy into the Disney thing. The breakfast buffet was good and unlimited and the only downside of the hotel was the cost - we paid over 拢1,800 for three night bb + 4 days of park passes and the Eurostar was in addition. We had a look at the room service menu and the cost made our eyes water! - we ate in the Disney village instead. All in, we had a great time and would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HelenaMac
<Content>Not good value We have just returned from three days at the Disneyland Hotel. I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and decided to stay based on their recommendations.However we were very disappointed in a number of ways. We paid around 拢400 per night for our whole family (three young children), bed and breakfast - maybe it sounds like good value to some, but this was for one room. There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, so you have to go downstairs for a very expensive cup of coffee, or order from room service again, even more expensive.There is no mini bar fridge in the room, so if you want to keep a baby's bottle chilled, or cool mineral water etc, you cannot. Both of these measures seem designed to ensure that guests have to buy everything from the hotel. The hotel shop doesn't sell anything useful for a family such as mineral water or snacks for the park - again ensuring that all money goes to the hotel or park's restaurants. The hotel restaurants are fine but budget for an extra 60 euros a head for dinner (less for children) meaning each time we ate there cost around 200 euros. Over three days you should budget for around an extra 1000 euros just for basic food and drink. So 拢2000 for one room plus five meals at the hotel (restaurants in the park aren't much cheaper) we left astonished at how quickly the costs mount up. We also felt manipulated by Disneyland - every shop sells Disneyland products only. The nearest pharmacy is a train ride away - beware.As we left we found a small supermarket in the railway station next to the hotel - the staff at the hotel won't tell you about this as it might mean you dare to buy a few things at normal prices, such as nappies, or bottled water or small snacks for the children.Although our children enjoyed Disneyland we felt used, abused and thoroughly fleeced by the hotel and the park. Other people we spoke to said the same thing. Think hard before booking this hotel - the room rate might seem ok, but all the extras quickly mount up in this Disneyland monopoly.Having said all this, the staff were very friendly even when it was terribly busy and they deserve a thank you.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>JT2618
<Content>Every child should come here atleast once! We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Disneyland Hotel and although pricey, was well worth every penny just to see our 5 year olds face when she met Mickey Mouse for the first time! I work in a hotel in the UK and I cannot fault this one at all. Staff are friendly though not over bearing and are always on hand to help with anything they can. We never witnessed any queing at check in or out although other reviews have said that this can be an issue. We had tried to upgrade to Castle Club based on other reviews but there wasn't any availabilty, however this made absolutely no difference as the standard rooms are beautiful - although ours didn't have a view as we were on the ground floor, but we had lovely patio doors that opened out into a little garden where each room has it's own set of patio furniture. Very clean...very well equiped, one small downside is that none of the disney channels on the tv were in english, although as we didn't spend much time in our room it wasn't a major issue.The park is literally a 30 second walk from the hotel and as always with Disney - doesn't disappoint in its spectacularness. This hotel is worth the extra if only for the characters that regularly frequent the restaurant and reception areas. Try to get all your autographs here as queing in the park for autographs looked like a nightmare. Another tip for little autograph hunters is Cafe Mickey in the Disney Village as children get more of a one to one with the characters. One previous review mentioned that people can be rude in the parks and this is very true - though clearly not Disney's fault. But we found all manners seemed to go out the window, our daughter is quite small and found this quite daunting however Daddy is always on hand to carry her through the crowds!3 nights/4 days was just the right length of time for us and we were able to see and do everything we wanted but I certainly wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and I can't wait to return. As an adult I found myself completed wrapped up in the magic of Disney and the reaction of the children is fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>disneyfansWicklow
<Content>Another Fantastic Few Nights at the Disneyland Hotel       Last Day - soooo sad  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sm_brighton
<Content>Best weekend ever At over 拢200 per night i wondered if i was throwing money down the drain - i am happy to say it was worth every penny.We traveled for a weekend and arrived late on friday night - the hotel looked great from the outside and out little girl (aged 6) was very impressed. Inside the staf couldn't be nicer and more helpful.Breakfast in the morning was a great surprise - the food was consitently good and there were disney characters everywhere. The shop was open late which helped as we didn't have to waste time during the park hours; but you never feel they are pushing you to buy stuff (although we did buy loads).The park was very good and we had a great time overall.Everyone we had contact with was super costumer focused; the characters were great and the food was very good quality.If anything i'd say they need to sell themselves up a bit more!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>EW1966
<Content>Simply Superb Perfect for Christmas in every way! Breakfast sublime (but it seems anyone could just walk in!!) Service and staff excellent. The Christmas Evening buffet was unbelievable - I have never seen so much wonderful food. Wine included! Exceptional value and an exception show. This hotel is just so good, if you stay anywhere else, dont visit to see what its like - you will end up disappointed!The bedrooms fit the bill and were immaculate - great view. Location is unbeatable. Expensive? Maybe - but worth it - so worth it. Dooren and concierge a delight. A mini Grand Floridian - the best way to spend Christmas ever. (And I hate that bloody mouse!)  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yellow_angel
<Content>magical hotel from the minuite we step into this hotel it was just so magical check in was done in a minuite and even know it was a trek to our room from the reception it was worth it just to see the beautiful sights of this hotelthe room was so big we had two double beds every morning was a free buffet breakfast with so much to offer but the best thing was the characters our little one saw so many different characters in the hotel that when we were in the park we didnt need to que up for alot of the characters as he had there autographshe saw more the 8 different characters each morning and they changed each morning the view of the park and castle from the hotel was so beautiful to take in .because we went for christmas time i dont if it was even more magical but every part of the hotel was decorated it was a lovely stay and if we do ever go back to euro disney we will only stay in the disneyland hotel now  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vaca2
<Content>Fantastic stay!       chamgagne  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PerdieAndPongo
<Content>Magical, relaxed experience. Such a great stay, we stayed in this hotel in September 2007 for a week. We booked via a Travel Agent and got the 4 nights for the price of 3. Like others have advised we paid the extra 拢200 to get the Castle Club and this was well worth the money. Simply for one reason, No Queues for anything in the hotel... Having your own restaurant, better accomodation, lift to the park, fastpass, one-to-one access to the disney characters made the holiday very special. Couldn't help feeling a little smug every morning looking over the Castle Club balcony onto the people queuing to get into the hotel restaurant who hadn't upgraded to Castle Club. We were fortunate to have a room looking right down main street and on to the Disney castle, the people in the hotel were very helpful and spoke multiple languages. Overall a magical experience and I miss the addictive (but not at all anoying) disney music that follows you everywhere you go! Only thing that was strange is the small size of the pool, but we used it once and it was fine - especially like the life guard who provides free floatation aids for you and your children should you need them.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WalesLake
<Content>Superb! The hotel is conveniently located at the entrance of the Disneyland Park in Fantasia Gardens which are immaculately maintained given that it is the main thoroughfare for visitors to the park. The reception area is extremely impressive, and certainly has the wow  factor with the perfect christmas decorations. The hotel is clean even to the extent that the flower pots are washed daily. We booked a standard room situated in the west wing from where we had a partial view of the stunning Sleeping Beauty's Castle, and the Main Street Christmas Tree. The room was plush and by far the largest I have ever stayed in. It contained two double beds, a sofa bed, a television cabinet, a table and chairs, a writing desk and a large built in wardrobe with shelving, wooden coat hangers and a safe. On the table was a vase of fresh roses and a 15th Anniversary mug containing sweets, which my three year old daughter believed was from Tinkerbell! The bathroom was equally impressive. The bed linen and towels were changed daily and a turn down service was provided, with chocolate coins left as an added bonus.There is a mini bar, but unfortunately no tea or coffee making facilities. Dressing gowns and slippers are also provided.The breakfast selection was more than satisfactory, my only criticism being that the tea and coffee is left in a thermos on the table and unless you request otherwise you have the remaining ones from the previous guests which is out of character with the rest of te experience. In general the staff were very helpful and attentive. Cafe Fantasia Bar is tastefully decorated and is a perfect place to relax in the evenings, to the sound of the pianist, (plays Disney songs, musical theatre, classical and seasonal)although a little expensive. The hotel shop is large and holds a wide stock. It is open until midnight and charges the same price as shops in the Park itself. The staff here were more than helpful and seemed genuinely happy.The opportunities to Meet and Greet  Disney characters is endless as they visit and spend time with hotel guests at breakfast and in the evening, apart from the Disney Princesses who only appear at the Parades. Consequently we booked lunch with Suzy and Perla at L'Auberge De Cendrillon in Fantasyland where my daughter received a birthday cake from Cinderella and Prince Charming. This was a fantastic experience and the menu superb( Booked via hotel - Concierge very efficient and highly recommended).The hotel is relaxing but retains the magic of Disney without being overpowering. Having stayed previously in the Holiday Inn, in Marne La Valee and Disney's Hotel Cheyenne on the Park' s opening weekend (although clean and displaying typical Disney attention to detail) I would not consider staying anywhere else other than Hotel Disneyland - just please bring back the Mickey Mouse shampoo and soap that I remember so fondly from 15 years ago!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bunyip63
<Content>Treat yourself I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor when we were planning to stay at Disneyland Hotel. This was the glamour end to our budget hotel holiday in UK. I chose to stay here rather than Paris Central because I was nervous of my lack of French language skills. In the end basic local greetings became second nature. If fact when my husband yawned on the homeward-bound flight, he excused himself in French! The family made the most on being on site at Disney and in fact skipped a pre-arranged Paris tour to have another day at the park. However when we did venture into Paris itself via RER and Metro, we had no problems commuting. Find out before booking about the Express Check In available for Disney guests departing on Eurostar from London Waterloo. We had not pre-arranged this and although it was not difficult to walk from Marne-la-Vallee station on arrival, having to open all our cases and hand luggage for a bag check at the entry to Disneyland was a bit embarrassing and took the edge off the arrival.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>xNatalieMTx
<Content>Enjoyable stay! I stayed at this hotel a number of years ago now, but from what I remember it was a magical 3 night stay.There were a few problems at check in but we were soon escorted to our room with 2 double beds. It was nicely decorated - although not to my taste. The decor on the whole though was very grand and I particularly have fond memories of a pair of lovebirds situated in a giant metal cage in one of the upstairs lobbies.The restaurants (especially the buffets) were good and the character breakfast was loved by the younger members of our family.Access to the park earlier on in the mornings was also very useful as the place wasn't too crowded. The Disneyland Hotel definitely had the best location of all! Perhaps even better is that I'll be returning July 2008.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AnniHelsinki
<Content>Great location Me and my family staid in the Disneyland for three nights, 18.-21.10. We had a standard room as there were no Castle Club room available - and frankly: I don't understand the fuss about the fastpasses and direct access to the park. After this experience I wouldn't pay hundreds of euros extra just for getting a fastpass.As the hotel is in fact part of the park, the walk from any hotel exit will take only about a minute to the gates. VIP-fastpasses only help you with six attractions and you get one per day for everyone anyway as a standard room client. We found these coupons quite sufficient as the waiting time even for these six attractions was 30 minutes at most and some of them were also open during those morning-extra hours for hotel guests.the hotel was nice, but the bar, restaurant and especially room service prices were ridiculous.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>hiya54
<Content>Disney Hotel Castle Club Room Stayed at The castle Club room at Disney. Well worth the extra money, wouldnt stay at Disney now at any other hotel.The staff cant do enough for you and the VIP fastpass is a MUST as is the private lift into the park.Absolutly BRILLIANT  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SWC_7
<Content>Reliable Disneyland hotel Family visit - 2adults + 2 children (7+9) Third stay and still the best.Expensive but what do you expect being at the entrance to the park.Worth upgrading to the Castle Club for the larger room and exclusive lounge area. Also VIP fastpass a must to avoid the long queues.Staff are very polite and helpful but are stretched during busy times, so don't expect top dollar service all the time. Don't moan, help them out it pays dividends! Make sure you get down to breakfast before 9.00am!After 15 years the hotel still looks fresh thanks to the ongoing maintenance program - well done disney.4 days / 3 nights was enough for us but we will return.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Razmos
<Content>Had a fantastic time! if you can - stay here! Second time at Disneyland Paris and decided to book the Disney Hotel (stayed at Explorers last time). Although We had no real issue with the Explorers this choice was certainly worth the extra cost. Mainly due to quiter and more pleasant/civilised environment, excellent breakfasts (hot and cold varieties and plenty of choice) and proper seating instead of 'school dinner' type services, characters present within the hotel every day where the kids got the majority of their autographs, excellent hotel staff service and convenient access to the park at all times. Sure it's expensive wherever you go but you need to do your homework in advance and just be willing to go and spend every last penny to get the enjoyment and 'Disney feeling!'. We stayed in a standard room having attempted to enquire about a club room but in the end were not dissapointed as it was both spacious (amble wardrobes  cupboards, big bathroom, desk, bay Window and TV  Mini bar etc including choclate coins that were left on the pillows for our return from the park each day (nice touch!). Did not eat at the resturants in the hotel but they did look good including the characters who appeared to be around the eating areas also. Price guide (from memory based on what we had/seen);Beer : 拢4 a pintCocktail : 拢8Glass Wine : 拢5Buffet in one of the Resturants : 34 Euros Adult, 12 Euros ChildOne observation which has nothing to do with the hotel but with Disney in general - many Europeans outside the UK DO NOT portray a level of politeness and understand a queue or 'waiting thier turn' system here! yes we all want our kids to have fun and get autographs etc., but why does simple decent manners go out the window at EuroDisney compared to anywhere else abroad? So many times we were faced with situations which left us speechless. Not a slur on any country as I have visited the mainstream ones many times but somehow people take on a different persona when in EuroDisney and become downright rude when the either want to get on a ride, on a bus, queue for food/snack or get a characters autograph in the park.big tip - if you plan to go to the Disney Village for food, try and get there before the main Park or Disney Studios close otherwise you will be left queing for a long time to get in anywhere. Favourite Disney Village food places were Ludwigs Catsle and Rain Forrest Cafe - Planet Hollywood has very little atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>faranghusband
<Content>Pleasant We were here with the girls (3 and 5) for 4 nights. Everything is in good shape; they do a great job considering the heavy usage. Staff was universally friendly and their uniforms added to the fairy tale character of the place. This hotel is much more elegant, dignified and also quiet than Orlando WDW Swan/Dolphin, for instance.Guests staying in standard rooms here receive one hotel Fastpass (per person per day) for one-time use from noon to 6pm. This is of limited benefit with small children as the only kids鈥?ride equipped with Fastpass (Peter Pan) and the one halfway suitable for small kids (laser blast) are both also open during extra magic hours in the early morning. Those extra magic hours, open to guests of all Disney hotels, were fantastic. No wait whatsoever on Dumbo, Peter Pan and the like.We have used the indoor pool which was nice but rather small and cold. They do provide towels and swimming aids (all free), so no need to bring those along.The location within 1-5 minutes of both parks, Disney Village and the train stations makes this a perfect place for families with small children. If traveling with better walkers, I might look for a cheaper place a bit further away. I鈥檓 just giving four stars here because for the price paid and the 鈥減restige鈥?image, some details were below expectations:- Standing in the check-in line for 30 minutes (Sunday, noon)- Room had neither tea/coffeemaker nor free bottled water- Telly with very limited programs in English and German and no videotext function- No newspapers, neither brought to room nor available at breakfast venue  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>UKJO
<Content>Fabulous! We travelled to Disney by Eurostar in a party of 9 which included grandparents and kids aged 10, 12 and 14. We left our bags at the station on arrival and went straight into the park for a couple of hours before returning to have a good nose at our hotel. We have previously stayed in the Santa Fe, Cheyenne, Sequoia and Newport and loved all hotels but this was our favourite. Check-in was swift however at weekend people were queuing for checking in and out. On arrival we were given VIP Fastpasses for our entire stay and the kids were given a Disney mug with sweets. Our bags were in our room on arrival. The room was huge consisting of two large beds, sofa, desk and table and chairs, we did not book castle club just standard and we were not disappointed. There were dressing gowns for the adults and slippers for all of us in the rooms as well as a beautiful vase of roses on the table. Each evening staff turned your bed down and left you a chocolate coin which I loved! We did use the hotel pool as other guests have mentioned it is not child friendly. They do provide swiiming towels though so no need to pack those. Breakfasts were great, good selection of cereal, yogurts, fromage frais, continental as well as hot breakfast eggs and bacon etc. Coffee and milk were in jugs on the table, kids can have a hot chocolate, just ask staff and they will get this for you. Dont be put off if you see a queue for breakfast, they seat you very quickly and even at the busy weekend we never waited longer than 5 mins to be seated. The characters meet just outside the restaurant and its easier to get your pictures and autographs with them there rather than in the park. We had a fantastic stay would definately go again. One tip - if you get the extra magic deal and can go into the park at 8am do this and come back out at 10ish for breakfast, breakfast is open until 11 if you eat late it will keep you going until dinner and going in the park early beats queuing! If your going to Disney soon have a fantastic time  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mavali
<Content>Perfect Holiday I visited the resot with my two girls 3  5 who enjoyed every moment of there tome spent at the hotel. It has many things to do for the sort span of time you are there that you are spoilt for choice. The only downfall I faced was that the pool was not child friendly at all. It was just too deep for the 3 year old. Bedsides this it was great living a minutes walking distance away from the park making it ideal to drop in for a wind down over the day. The park was open an extra hour for anyone living at the disney hotel giving you the opportunity to cathch up on what was missed due to large cues or simply for having seconds on those favourite rides!Would defenetly visit again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>yummydad
<Content>Paradise for the Under 6s Have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Pink Palace with a our two children (4yrs and 2yrs) and whilst we were initially sceptical about the whole Disney experience this was a truly magical place to be with little ones.Everything was unbelievably convenient from the moment we arrived at the Eurostar terminal at the Disney site, to the fantastic location of the hotel, the quality of the food (although expensive), and above all the meet and greet (or cuddle if you are under 6) of Mickey Mouse and Co both after breakfast and during the evening buffet meal.For the record we stayed in a standard room with the children sharing the room. Room was fairly spacious with good quality FFs, although beware of the minibar automated pricing system which debits your account if you move items to store kids milk (although hotel did refund this without question). We ate at the Inventions restaurant 3 of the 4 nights (+ one lunchtime) which although a help yourself buffet is of very good quality with wide selection of foods (constantly replenished) for all appetites.the children were kept entertained by the excellent staff and the excitement of meeting the disney characters. If only all hotels were this child friendly!We will definitely return again. Only small gripe I have is that the hotel should consider offering a babylistening service, so that the adults could enjoy a couple of drinks in the bar........ but otherwise this was a brilliant family place to stay.Word of warning - the food in the parks is Crap and consists of burgers, hotdogs, chicken nuggets and chips - for the life of me I can't fathom why a city of such culinary delights should feel the need to serve such American rubbish, but I would advise future visitors to stock up with provisions from the excellent breakfast if you want your kids to eat healthily at lunchtime.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SLMummy
<Content>Expensive but Magical Our experience in this hotel was absolutely magical. The Disneyland Hotel is fantastically located right opposite the Disneyland Park and within walking distance (about 3 minutes) from the train station. With two small children (2 and 4 yrs) the location was perfect as it meant easy access to both the Park and the Studios. The service was excellent and the quality of the accommodation was good (I am quite a fussy person). We did stay in the Castle Club which gives you unlimited access to the Parks, Fast Passes (critical with small kids) and it's own dedicated area in the hotel with a lounge for unlimited drinks and snacks. There is a dedicated check in too. The Castle Club also has an express lift which delivers you right at the gates of the Park - with 2 small children this was a godsend. We had dinner in the Inventions reataurant which though expensive was well worth it to see our children's faces light up at sight of the Disney characters. The food was varied and both adult and child friendly (pizza, pasta, veg and langoustines, crevettes, antipasti and cassoulet etc.). The Castle Club is expensive but worth every penny if you want the Disney experience to be magical and hassle free. I thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>chipmonks
<Content>Fantastic !! After reading some reviews I was slightly worried after the amount we had paid to stay, but I have not one complaint.We stayed for five nights with 2 children (1+4). The standard room we had was spacious and well decorated . The breakfasts had a good choice and variety for the children.All the staff we friendly . Having the characters walking around the hotel added to the experiance (and saved queues in the park ). The location of the hotel means that with little ones you can return them for a sleep quickly and then go back to the park .We also booked the Birthday Tea party for my daughters 4th birthday which i would also recommend , lots of cakes, sweets, and characters walking around the restaurant , just what they love!!This is not a cheap place to stay , but i would say it was well worth it  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Musken
<Content>Five star factory It may be a five star hotel, but given that one feel like a number receiving the standard and efficient treatment, rather than a special guest, I get the feeling that I have stayed in a factory rather than in a hotel. CHECK INPlease stand in line here! Just like in the Disneyland Park. Maybe so that we get used to this rather sooner than later. In any case: I have never experienced a system like this in any other hotel in this category. Please make sure that you have more personnel available for check in at peak hours. This is not the way to welcome your guests!We arrived at the hotel at 1415 hrs. Check in time is 1500 hrs. but given our late arrival time, we were certain that they would have one room ready for us, like we have experienced in a number of other hotels. But no. No room was ever ready for check in before the magic 1500 hrs. Of course [--]. Cleaning rooms does not work like this - all being magically ready at the same time. This seems to be just a rule they have made in order to avoid giving any kind of special service to anyone at check in time. ROOMWe had to find our rooms by ourselves and was given a map of the hotel to help us. We found it in the end, but did not think that this was very five-star. Comfortable beds. Good aircondition. We had a room at ground level with a little terracce outside which was great. BREAKFASTAgain: Please stand in line her, but very good selection and very tasty, but very factory like (you get you coffee and hot milk automatically instead of being asked what you prefer, nobody removes used plates etc. before you are leaving etc.). Disney characters come to meet the kids, but should be there from the moment breakfast starts. Our son was very disappointed that no character was there when we arrived for breakfast at 0730 first day (to be ready to enter the park at 0800 in order to get the maximum out of the two hours where hotel guests could enter the park before official opening - a great offer, though disappointing that only a limited number of the attractions were open at this time of day). PRICESPrices for food and drinks in hotel is higher than in any other five star hotel we have stayed. More than 5 鈧?for an espresso for example. I am aware of and accept that one pay more in good hotels, but this is really too much. LOCATIONGreat. Just at the park entrance. ALL IN ALLI am sure it is the best hotel close to Disneyland Paris, and agree it is a magic place to stay. Still I do not think that this hotel come close to offering what I consider a 5 star experience and service.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Whiskylime
<Content>Fantastic!!! A Fairytale Come True We have just come back from a 6 night 7 day stay from the fab pink Disneyland Hotel. We stayed in the Castle Club which is well worth the extra cost. We had views over the gardens towards Disney village. On arrival we had a very pleasant welcome then whisk upstairs to the private check in desk of the Castle Club, where you are allocated a room and given all information about Disney including your VIP FASTPASSES a definate plus. When arriving in our room there was Champagne on ice, 15th anniversary mugs filled with sweets, photo album, gift and VIP invitation to la vallee shops, and on the bed was two toys for the kids all available to purchase from the downstairs shop. Approx total of 拢65 worth. Great little touch! Also we could have soft drinks and tea/coffee all day for no cost in restaurant overlooking the park which also laid on great cakes and fruit salad everyday at 4pm - 5pm. Every breakfast characters came round your table playing with the kids and at 4pm everyday there is a show with all the characters on the grand staircase where they dance with the kids and spend at least half an hour signing autographs and photo sessions. Your room key also takes you down to the park entrance at the turnstiles which is great after a very tiring day just pop in the lift which takes you right to your floor very little walking. Room service was pricey but the portions are hugh so can easily be split and save money also better quality than Disney park food! Each night the beds would be turned down and golden coins on the bed and all the toys placed on pillows etc our kids said Mickey Mouse had been in. All in all a fantastic experience and will be back every year at the Castle Club. Can't book for next year until Nov but already have prices and all set to do the same all over again. Must be good! Forgot to mention our kids loved the facility of the Minnie Club next to the Spa where they played on computers and made lots of things and enjoyed time out from the hussle and bussle of the parks just a couple of hours also gave us time to relax on our own to have a drink or go on the bigger rides all of this is included in your stay at the hotel. Our kids would go round after seeing the characters at 4pm then after that we would all go and have food and cocktails etc!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ParisJtaime
<Content>Stay at the Disneyland Hotel for a wonderful Disney Experience!       The Disneyland Hotel from the gardens  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>model
<Content>magical wonderland We stayed in Disneyland Hotel Paris in July. We (2 adults , 3 children) stayed for 3 nights following 2 weeks in a mobile home in Sarlat. I t was just like walking into a magical wonderland. Staff were friendly enough not as friendly as you might expect for the price you pay but it didnt bother us. Our room was perfect for our family and we had our own veranda.My husband became ill on our second day and we neede a doctor which the hotel organized to come to our room and the also organized his prescription collection for a small fee this saved us so much time and hassle.Our kids loved meeting the characters in the halls and my toddler was in awe of it all the look on his face made it worth the price.The only problem is that if we go to Disneyland again I could never stay anywhere else we spoilt ourselves a little.Oh and the fastpasses were great.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tracey_HCheshire
<Content>Fanstastic Pink Fairytale hotel We took my son who was 3 at the time and my niece who was 11. The hotel was fantastic a pink fairytale castle with little turrets. The rooms were spacious and modern , large queen size beds with a fully stocked mini bar. the interior on the hotel was stunning with grand chandaliers and lots of disney memorabalia. Great indoor pool and facilities.The fireplace in the reception area was awsome standing at least 10ft tall.Breakfast was a good choice of a continental food even better with mickey mouse !The great thing about this hotel is that it is literally next to the park entrance . We loved our stay here and would definately stay here again alhough it is expensive it is worth it.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>areviewer
<Content>Expensive - but the most amazing experience It's very hard to put into a review the amount of pleasure we derived from staying at this hotel. Yes indeed it is expensive - but the proximity to the park and presence of all the disney characters gave our stay a really magical experience.The four seasons its not by way of service or quality - however, the atmosphere is amazing and totally geared for children to really maximise the disney experience - and this was the important thing for us on our break .We ate dinner in the california restaurant on both nights - really expensive, but very good - with a great view of the fireworks. Not until the last night did we realise that you can buy great club sandwiches in the bar - would defintiely do this next timeThe breakfast was really good - however, its definitely worth getting to the park early and using the privilidge to hotel guests of entering the park and going on the rides before non hotel guests are allowed into the park. We did this on our second morning and enjoyed three rides before returing for breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>realityjane
<Content>Expensive and only payback is proximity to park Stayed in an 'ordinary' room at the Disneyland Hotel. I note that the other reviews on this site have mostly stayed in the far more expensive suites and have had better experiences. We had a room for 5. Only 3 small drawers and no bedside table on one side of bed. room service is horrendously expensive - 拢34 for a cheeseburger and pot of tea! (They don't provide kettle/fridge etc)No English Disney channel on TV just CNN and BBC World so nothing at all for kids to watch. The main (only) advantage was the fact that you are so close to the park entrance that you can drop back to the hotel for lunch/dinner etc and don't have to stay in the park all day. You get an hour earlie access in the mornings but oinly a handful of rides are open then so not as good as it sounds! The pool is tiny - too deep for children and indoors - the pool at the Newport Bay is far superior.Overall not sure its worth the extra money - hotel itself is pretty but the rooms not as big or as nice as Newport Bay. Alcohol costs a fortune 拢5 for a 33cl bottle of beer! Internet access is 拢16 an hour as well. Stay here if money is no object!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>britishtraveler
<Content>Fabulous hotel!!!!!!!!!! Absolutely loved this HOTEL. stayed in the Tinkerbelle suite overlooking the gardens towards disney village and disney Studios. Top Marks to: Staff,very attentive/helpful and polite. Spotlessly clean everywhere/VERY classy/ Plenty odf Disney characters roaming the corridors and in the main hallway. The Castle Club is definately worth the extra money. Breakfast and afternoon tea was included in the price of the room, also excellent, nicely presented and plenty ofvariety and eat as much as you like. Swimming pool was really nice too, plenty of loungers inside and out on the patio. Stayed at the Cheyanne once before, although that was a really good hotel i would much prefer a bit of pampering! I took the grandchildren of 9 yrs and 6 yrs. they loved it!! 1 Make sure you see the Fantasmic light parade and the wishes fireworks. very magical. Would go again, although i love Florida better this is sooo much closer for a few days. Definately recommended....................  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>glaciertravel
<Content>Really good We just returned from an excellent stay at Dinseyland Hotel. As others have said, the benefits of the Caslte Club is well worth the price. The location of the hotel is unbeatable, being able to drop in for a quick coffe or soda any time of day is very good. The afternoon tea is also great. The VIP fastpass - you should not miss out on those. The food is excellent and the service in the Castle Club is very professional. We have two girls, 8 and 4 and they just LOVED the place, the room, the restaurant with visits from the caracters, the pool ... you name it. Two downsides though ... we had awful roomservice one nigth but just a simple remark about it reduced the price 50%. Another thing you might want to be tipped about is when you get to the hotel, contact concierge in the main reception hall right away and have them take you to the Caslte Club. Also get direction on how to use the keycard for the elevator down to the park entre茅.All in all - do add the extra $ for an superb stay at the Casle Club.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>LDS8
<Content>Just loved it!! We got back from our stay in DLP two weeks ago and its as if we had been there yesterday. Our little boy still hasn't stopped talking about it.The hotel was just great and as others have said the extra cost of the Castle Club is well worth it. Just for the fastpasses and its own restaurant for breakfast 鈥?the queue for the main restaurant downstairs had to of been at least an hour long! The breakfasts were great, not a massive choice, but what was there was nicely prepared. The bonus being that all the characters come directly to your table whist you are eating, we couldn't get Oscar to finish his food as he was so excited and he wasn't frightened of any of them either, as I think seeing them in films and on the TV he felt as if he knew them!The location is brilliant and we really felt the benefit of it when Oscar fell asleep (literally stood on his feet) and we had to carry him back for a swift hours nap for recharging his batteries.We ate in the Inventions restaurant on our first night and it was very expensive. The food was good though and replenished often, (lots of fish and salad stuff) so if you are going to go there make sure you are hungry and get your monies worth. With regards the park itself, our son is three and we let him lead the way with whatever he wanted to do, he loved the Buzz Lightyear ride and the Peter Pan ride and was just big enough for Big Thunder Mountain, which he squealed his head off at and wanted to get straight back on. The 鈥渂aby swap鈥?idea is great too. It meant we got to go on the Aerosmith and Space Mountain rides without all the waiting.We stayed for 2 nights, but could easily have done another. So we鈥檒l probably go back and would like to go around Halloween or Christmas time just to get a different feel. I wouldn't stay in any other hotel though, this was brilliant.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>kipster39
<Content>Loved It! Have stayed in Newport before so Disneyland Hotel was a step up. its a large hotel so plenty of noise, stayed up on the executive floor, worth the extra cash, private check in, private brek and coffee area, free coffee and cakes in the afternoon etc, access to park early, and hotel right at door so no long walks. yes its not a true five star but the best of the disney hotels in france for sure. room lovely, en suite lovely. park is great, look for the detail all around rather than just queue for big rides, theres things to see everywhere. costs for food are an issue, goes with teh territory im afraid, although saw a few families sticking rolls from brekfast in serviettes to make lunch with, its an option. all in all the best disney paris experience.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccrannell
<Content>Rooms need updating... We arrived at the Disneyland Hotel after being at the Holiday Inn just minutes away from the Park. This way we could store our luggage at the hotel for the day and use our park passes for that entire day. They lobby was quite grand and the bellman was quite nice and timely helping my husband with the luggage. I was impressed right away with the service.After spending the day at the park we went to our room and were impressed with the size, but not so much with the bathrooms and the decor. There were several cracked tiles in the bathroom. Even though this room was larger, for the price this room was dated. So, after fifteen years now, I do think it is time to change the linens, carpet, wall paper, and gut the bathrooms. I do agree that the location is unbeatable and that is probably what you are paying for.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonGal2007
<Content>Newport Bay Club at Disneyland Paris is Awful! Attended a conference at Disneyland Paris and was booked into the Newport Bay Club (one of 5 Disney hotels on site). This hotel was not up to par with the Disney standards in the USA. Hotel is 40 mins from the outskirts of Paris by train. Disney built out in the middle of nowhere so you are a captive when there. All hotels had two restaurants; one a buffet (all meals) and one a sit down meal (except for buffet breakfast). Each meal was extremely expensive - moderate dinner was $100-150 USD for 2 adults, with only one glass of wine each. Breakfast buffet was $30 USD for adults. The rooms were ok, spacious for Paris/France standards but were threadbare looking. A nautical look but the bedspread was dirty, asked for another but for 5 days it never appeared. Had a small balcony attached but looked upon the back of the hotel and it was covered with mold and peeling paint, didn't use it. Chairs in rooms were paint chipped badly, one small table had cigararette burns in it although it is supposed to be a non smoking facility! Rug was okay but needed better vacuuming. Bathroom was dirty when we arrived put down the bath matt and lots of dark hair swooped up around it - we're blondes! Back of the bathroom door was black with many fingerprints on it. Even with the Do Not Disturb sign on door the staff came in and did the room up even when we specifically asked the peole cleaning and the hotel management to respect our sign. Management was basically nodding yes to any questions or comments but nothing was ever fixed or changed while there. Got totally wrong directions and information regarding the hotel and surrounding area from front desk people. They think it is better to answer the question wrong then not to answer it at all. About 500 people at this conference remarked about how poorly the hotel was run and were frustrated by the management. Trash barrels surrounding the hotel stayed overflowing for days. The outdoor pool was being renovated, we had 90 degree days, massage was not able to be arranged on less than four hours notice, even then it was not available as they outsource this service. General area needed paint, cleaning and sweeping. The tram to take you to the Disney Village with shops and restaurants was $5 or you could walk. I am handicapped and a long walk can be difficult, $5 everytime you wanted to go to another location was terrible. Buses ran from the front of the hotel on a uneven every half hour schedule. Couldn't depend on timing at all. Free, but usually large crowds meant waiting for more than one bus sometimes three. A real time waster! Rooms had mini bar that charged if you moved anything - could not store anything in it. I asked for a hot pot $8 USD but I kept it for 3 days to make tea so I could take medication as needed. I do not recommend this hotel. It is not worth the money or the frustration approx. $300USD per night. I would not go there unless it is a conference that pays for the hotel and the meals. Our meals and transportation was on us and it was very expensive. Not an easy commute to Paris. Bus to train station often takes a lot of tiime 1/2 to 1 hour generally, train to central Paris is about 50-60 mins. A 3 to 4 hour commute in and back to Paris can seriously take too much time away from your day. Can't go in at night after the conference as train service stops before you can get back. Should stay in Paris and commute to conference if you have to go there. Bottom line DONT GO!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>GreatBigDog
<Content>Typically Gallic We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel for three nights in mid April. The hotel itself is beautiful from the outside, a real pink palace. It is also sustained to a much higher level to the other hotels within the resort. I have stayed at both the Newport Bay and Sequoia Lodge in the past and to be frank they are now looking shabby.The standard rooms are nice, but nothing special. As mentioned in many other posts you are paying for the location. I would also agree that the food is terrifically over priced, but this is not just typical of the hotel itself but of the whole resort. For example, a bacon burger, admittedly through room service was priced at 28 Euros. A meal at the Cendrillon in the park itself for two adults and one child was 119 Euros, although this did include meeting Belle and various other characters. I would also recommend that you book everywhere for meals, even in the Village. Don't expect to just walk into MacDonalds either and grab a quick bite. It is always packed in the evenings and you'll be queuing for at least 30 minutes to get served.Our package included complete entry to the parks as well as breakfast each morning. I note that a previous reviewer labelled the breakfast as 'typically English with plenty of baked beans'. I disagree with this entirely. Although pretty manic, there was a very good selection, including fresh fruit, cereal, cheese, cold meat, toast and yes the obligatory cooked selection. This did indeed include baked beans, but also included sausage, tomatoes, bacon, scrambled eggs, pancakes, waffles etc. It seemed to me that the hotel was trying to cater for an international clentelle and did it quite well. Don't expect constant refills of your coffee cup though. Do take advantage of the opportunity to meet the characters outside of the resteraunt. The queues are miniscule in comparison to the parks and my daughter managed to meet Minnie, Goofy, Pinnochio, Donald, Daisy, Tic  Tac (Chip  Dale) to name but a few in a fraction of the time it would have taken in the parks.The parks themselves represented both sides of the coin. The Magic Kingdom was as charming as ever and continues to offer everything that it always has to all age groups. However the Disney Studios park was a real let down and we only stayed for a few hours. At the moment it resembles a building site as there are three big attractions currently being built. Two will be completed shortly, but the Tower of Terror is 'opening shortly' in little less than a year. The trouble is that this is situated smack bang in the middle of the park and surrounded by hoardings, so you can never get away from it. The usual Disney theming is either missing or covered up, so the whole atmosphere is wrong.This leads me on to the title of my review, 'Typically Gallic'. The problem that you have is that when you mention Disney, you think of America and the 'Have a nice day' attitude. Now I know that a lot of people from this side of the pond laugh at this whole mentality, but I have to say I like it and it fits. It's uplifting and you know that every single Disney employee will have that same demeanour. Not so in the French version I'm afraid. Don't get me wrong, there were plenty of very helpful employees, but alas for every good one, there was a bad one. There was far too much indifference and attitude, which is definitely not Disney. Some queues for the rides dragged along needlessly slowly and were frankly disorgainsed.The other major bug bear that I have is the smoking policy. In Disneyland Paris, you can smoke pretty much everywhere. Now in my view if you want to kill yourself smoking, fine. If you want to smoke in front of your own children, then that is incredibly selfish, but they're your children so, heh if you want to fill their lungs with smoke go ahead. But smoke in front of me and my children in a queue for one of the rides when there is no escape whatsoever?? There needs to be a review of this policy and quickly.I have to say that wild horses wouldn't drag me back to Disneyland Paris. The hotel itself was fine, the Magic Kingdom was fine, but it just isn't quite right. It doesn't quite have that Disney atmosphere and in my opinion that is the real 'Magic'. Add on the fact that for a few quid more you could go to Florida for 2 weeks and it's a no brainer.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>PNMLAW
<Content>Just Average       Stich in Hotel  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Glutton4Punishment
<Content>Great stay - planning needed!!! We booked a 3 night, 4 day stay at the Disney Hotel (pink palace) in Paris, we took out two daughters (8  2). Having read all of the reviews I think there were a couple of tips to be had. 1. Travel from the airport:We flew into CDG and I had it in my head to jump on the TGV through to the resort - after 30 minutes looking for the terminal I think my wife was just about ready to kill me - we walked back to the VEA stop and hopped on board - 45 minute trip - yes its a bit expensive but probably the best and easiest route. Had an early flight on the way back - the concierge sorted a taxi which was 80 euros - I think it was a bit steep but what can you do?!2. HotelWe stayed at the Disneyland Hotel - the positives are definitely all about location, we were able to pop back and forth at will and when travelling with little ones I think this was invaluable. On reflection, I think that we really should have splashed out the extra 拢300 on the Castle Club as we soon realised the benefits for residents there were massive - especially the fast passes. One of the benefits of this hotel during the 15th Anniversary was that the park opened a full two hours early for residents, on the second day of our trip this was fantastic, the third day less so as they only had a few rides working. It's well worth getting up early.Overall the accommodation was OK. Besides the fantastic view of a wall/roof combo from our room, the food and drink in the hotel was vastly overpriced and of poor quality and I wouldn't suggest eating there at all! A beer, small glass of wine and 2 OJ's for the girls was over 拢24! Look for characters in the corridor near the restaurant around breakfast time. Besides the official photographer with a character, there are some other characters milling round and these photos don't cost anything!3. Food  DrinkThis was our major concern prior to going - the reviews of the park food etc. I think that some reviews have been really unfair, yes Jamie Oliver probably wouldnt be happy but it's a short stay in Disney for petes sake, burgers, hot dogs and ice cream are fine for a couple of days!! As for the price, I think you'd have to be a real penny pincher to complain, to feed the 4 of us at the snack bars cost between 拢15 and 拢25 - what does it cost for a meal for 4 in a wacky warehouse? We also came up with a fiendish plot for avoiding crowds at the nicer restaurants - rather than eat the main meal at dinner, we went to the restaurants at dead on 12am and had a large lunch. We tried the Rainforest cafe (very good) and Cafe Mickey (better) and the food was pretty good - at Cafe Mickey access to the characters was superb, we thought that dinner at Inventions in the hotel would have been the best in terms of character time but Cafe Mickey was miles better. Incidentally - don't eat at the Disney hotel - do I need to put exclamation marks on that? (!!!!) there you go - 4 heads (charged for 3) - over 拢90 for a buffet and the food was awful. It's better to get out to the Village. 4. The parkThe park was great, possibly not up to Alton Towers for older kids but for the 4-10 market it is ideal. My only advice is to make best use of the fastpass system - some of the rides ( peter pan stands out) had massive queues but the ride itself was a real let-down. The kids loved Buzz Lightyear and Small World. A tip for the parade at 4pm is to get right up to It's a Small World and walk up the path to the ride - you get an elevated view and can move onto the elevated grass verge to sit down. One of the most important things is to wear very very comfortable shoes! Weve been back 2 days and my legs have just stopped hurting!!!Overall - its a one off really - cost a fortune but well worth it for the experience, the kids loved it. We went with the intention that we'd just spend what we had and enjoy it - the only thing that I grudged was the Inventions restaurant and drinks in the hotel bar - everything else was fine.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>dowey
<Content>Lost for words! Hello everyone,I've just returned with my daughter and grand-daughter from dlp and whether its because I haven't been abroad for a few years or whether it was with the help of all the reviews I read, but this was truly a magnificient, magical and memorable holiday.The hotel was awesome from the minute we got out of the transfer taxi(we had to arrange this with the travel agent as the airport 'bus finishes running at 7.00 p.m and our flight didn't arrive in Paris til 8.15 approx.) and as we arrived late we ordered sandwiches and drinks from room service. The decor in the hotel was so relaxing and everything was interesting to look at.The expression on my grand-daughters face when the disney characters started to arrive in the restaurant as she jumped up to get their autographs made me feel that everything had been worthwhile. We should have booked an earlier sitting to make sure she ate all her meal as after their arrival she lost interest in eating. It was a great idea to take a travel kettle (which also contained 2 small cupsand spoons) with us as we were able to have a nice cup of tea or coffee outside our room in the garden.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>holid
<Content>unbeatable We visited this hotel for 4 days/3 nights with two young children. We have previously stayed at the Newport Bay hotel and the Dream castle hotel at Disney but chose the Disneyland Hotel this time in order to be right at the Park entrance and to be able to go back to the hotel during the day without worrying about shuttle buses or a long walk. We wanted this facility since the weather on previous visits had been rainy and Disney loses its magic quickly with soaking wet small children. This time the sun shone throughout but we were still glad we picked this hotel. It is great to be able to step right out and into Disney. The access to characters within the hotel itself was amazing for our little girl. Seeing Snow White at breakfast totally overwhelmed her. The room was large enough to accomodate all four of us, the cot and all our luggage without seeming cramped.  I wish I had known before I went but the hotel will provide all baby needs- kettle, steriliser, cot, high chair etc.. even disposable disney bibs at breakfast. Arm bands are provided at the pool. There is a small selection of baby food and toiletries in the hotel shop. I could have travelled much more lightly had I known this in advance- I hope this knowledge helps someone else. All the staff were lovely and very helpful.The only disappointment about the hotel was the pool. It is tiny and was so crowded that it was unuseable. There was some broken glass between the changing area and the pool but the whole area was so chaotic that staff didn't seem to get around to clearing it whilst we were there. The pools at the other two hotels mentioned above are much better.All in all we'd love to return and would definately pay the extra to stay here again whilst the children are small. Once they are older though I would probably go back to the Dream Castle hotel which is a real bargain if you can cope with the shuttle bus.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pigletspal
<Content>omg!! what a fantastic hotel            
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dlrpfans
<Content>early chrismas visit we are true dlrp fans and visit the resort at least twice each year. we have stayed in all of the hotels several times, but nothing compares to the castle club at the disneyland hotel. on arrival our luggage was whisked away in one direction, our car in another and our family were escorted to the private lounge for coffee and snacks before checking in. we went to the park, via the private lift, armed with our treasured vip fast passes then returned for a delicious afternoon tea and a swim. the pool is certainly not the best in the resort but in our opinion is the only flaw that this hotel has. our rooms in the castle club have always been prepared and maintained to the highest standard, with little extras like toys for the children, flowers, chocolates, slippers and a single red rose in the lovely bathroom. breakfast is a quiet, pleasant experience with plenty of hot and cold food and character visits.the staff are both professional and friendly and gabriel at the reception desk is certainly our number one cast member.staying at the castle club is expensive in comparison to the rest of the resort, but well worth every penny.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Wades
<Content>Awesome Hotel!!!!       The excellent Lion King stage show  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>silverslipper
<Content>Well worth the price!! Ask for a ground floor room! I have stayed here 2 times and found that the ground floor rooms near the indoor swimming pool are fabulous. They have high ceilings and small patios leading out to the garden. Plus, you're close to the pool too. It's a small paradise inside a big fairytale. The staff are so helpful and friendly...sometimes they are just waiting for a smile. The best thing about this hotel, by far, is that it's right at the entrance to the park...No shuttle to wait for (even if they are frequent). It's true that it's pricey and I was very hesitant before reserving but I am so pleased that I did and when I do go back next time, I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DavidWalker
<Content>Dream Hotel for Dream Holiday       Std room with a Queen bed  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mutter38
<Content>We all loved it       Disneyland hotel  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wellychic
<Content>Wow! Dream come true!       Inventions Character Dinner Buffet  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lynzDurham
<Content>fantastic staff from the second me and my neice walked through the door the atmosphere just blew me away. the staff were very helpful even when my neice got glass in her foot. the restraunt/ bar staff were brilliant at translating the menu for us. the only problem i did encounter was that the room wasnt ready until 5pm but when we got back to the hotel there were teddy bears and our luggage waiting for us. i would highly recomend this hotel to anyone who wants the convience of gate entrance a very magical experience that the kids of any age would love to have (neice was 16 at the time!).the food quality was the best in the parks maybe the blue lagoon is on the same level.characters are in the hotel for breakfast, afternoon and evening meal so there is no other hotel in the complex that can boast of thisthe catalogues for this hotel doesnt do it any justice the fire place, the statues, the pianist, the view from the restraunt over the park and the fact that you never hear housekeeping which is unusual  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kateSouthwest
<Content>Great Hotel but Service Poor We have just returned from a 3 day break to Disneyland. If you want to get in the Christmas mood then its a wonderful time to go with your children.The hotel is decorated and very festive so is the park.Yes it was very busy but we expected that but we are in agreeance with other postings that a hotel of this size simply does not seem to be able to cope with the breakfast rush. some mornings we gave up on getting a coffee at all and on the last morning the resturant was full ! at 8.30 am so we were ushered into the Dumbo Suite along with many others to eat there. Also after a busy day in the park we fancied a nice sit down in the 1 and only lounge for a drink but there are literally about 7 to 8 sets of sofas. Hardly enough for the hundreds staying in the hotel.there is so much room in the hotel surely they can make another bar/lounge somewhere.On the plus side location is fantastic and we popped back numerous times to swim rest etc have a snack (brought from home)! We ate at Cafe Mickey twice lots of characters and food very good Anettes Diner average ..the service not very smiley!!We will definately go back next year and hopefully breakfast will be sorted.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PLMO
<Content>Truly Magical We have been to Florida on several occasions and also stayed at the Santa Fe in Disneyland Paris.This was the first time we have taken our daughter nearly 3.We found the hotel wonderful and worth every penny, the access the children have to the characters is second to none, where else do you walk out of the lift and find Tigger bouncing towards you?The moment we arrived Mickey and Minnie we walking round the lobby and they actually walked over to our daughter and cuddled her, my husband and I were in tears!I work in a UK 5 star resort (the venue for the next Ryder Cup 2010) so I am very particularly picky.We found the rooms, breakfast and service to be excellent and the location was ideal especially with a toddler.My only grumble was that were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room, I really enjoy a cup of coffee in my robe in the evenings and can't function without a cup of tea when I wake up. at these prices I found that very poorI would definately go back to this hotel, if you are going to go, go at Christmas it is extra special.....but take a kettle and some T bags! Our tip, don't miss Cafe Mickey in the Disney Village the place is filled with characters and they spend ages with the children.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ect36
<Content>Excellent Disneyland Hotel Break Stayed with husband and 5 year old daughter at the Disneyland Hotel on our first disney trip. We stayed in a standard room which was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful and I think this really contributed to our overall experience. It's expensive but worth it if you're taking young children as it is situated at the entrance to the parks so easy to nip back to for a break. We took advantage of the pool in the afternoons - at one time had it all to ourselves. The hotel was busy as it was French half term but we did not encounter the breakfast queues that friends have experienced in the other hotels on site. We ate in the restaurant for two nights - at Inventions buffet - contrary to some reviews we found the food good with excellent starter and main course choices - ok it's not going to win any michelin stars but it was better than expected. Characters at breakfast and dinner keep the children occupied and allow grown ups to have a civilised meal.Never thought I'd say this about a disney holiday but I can't wait to go back....  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>WharfTrader
<Content>Fine but pricey stayed here for a long weekend - nice hotel and obviously can't beat the location - we were in the castle club which is worth the extra money as had 'character breakfasts' every morning - that way you can gets lots of photos and avoid eating in the hotel for lunch and dinner - had the buffet at the Inventions restaurant one night which was awful - go up to the Disney Village if you want to eat something decent for half the price - there is a planet hollywood and a few other acceptable chains in the village - good standard of room but OD'd on the air freshner - very comfy beds - staff were fine - kids loved the weekend though which is the whole point - still considering the cost could make a better effort to feed the grown ups  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>fudge
<Content>Simply the best This was my third visit to Eurodisney since 2002. We usually visit every two years. On this trip was my husband, son aged 12 and myself. Previously we have stayed at Santa Fe and New York Disney hotels.This time as it was our wedding anniversary we decided to stay at the Disneyland Hotel. And what a wonderful time we all had.I can only echo all the positive comments that have been made by previous posters.The hotel is of high quality and so are the staff working there. Nothing was too much trouble and always a 'Bonjour' greeting when passing.We stayed in a standard room as castle class was fully booked. we were very pleased with the room. It was decorathed to high quality and was very clean. I preferred this hotel for all the little added extras such as chocolate coins on your bed and bed turn down service at night. What a magical touch!!!We ate at the California Grill and had a lovely meal. very expensivge though so be warned. Costed us 119 Euros for a one course meal for husband and myself (steak) and a childs meal of macaroni cheese and ice-cream to finish. It made a nice treat. Breakfast was wonderful and included fresh fruit salad, yogurts, pastries, meats, cheeses, eggs, bacon etc. The restaurants were very clean, and relaxing with pleasing surroundings. we were surprised to receive an amazing offer when we arrived at the hotel which was a room for one night at the Newport bay Hotel in a Brigadeer suite with dinner and champagne with unlimited vip passes for fastpass FREE. I turned it down as I have always wanted to stay at Disneyland Hotel but what a nice offer anyway all because it was our anniversary.I like Disneyland, paris and especially enjoyed the Halloween festivities. we had tickets for the halloween pary which started at 8.30pm and finished around 2am. You had the usual rides with a wonderful Halloween special parade and fireworks at 23.20 pm. Loads of folk were in fancy dress. adults too. The only drawback was how busy it was so constant waiting for rides. Plenty of pushing and shoving.I would highly recommend eating at Blue Lagoon which is a fantastic restaurant which looks out to the pirates of the caribbean ride. the food was simply amazing, tasty and wholesome. Prices were fair. Costed us 99 Euro's for each of us to have a three course meal and 2 drinks each. Better value than the hotel meal .I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Next time we plan to book a castle club room just to see the difference.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jcmm
<Content>Not what i expected For our four nights in one of the tinkerbell suites i must say that i was somewhat disappointed with the level of service we received and the overall standard of the hotel.Firstly the air conditioning just didn't do anything other than blow hot air no matter what its setting was. The sofa bed actually collapsed the second night, for which there was apparently no replacement available. We ended up having two additional single beds in our living room for the remaining duration of our stay. No apology offered.Room service turn around times were terrible (typically 50 minutes plus, one night 70 minutes). It would appear that the overall planning for the influx of families was poor - when you saw the length of the queue for breakfast every morning downstairs you did have to question the ability of the hotel to handle the number of bookings they had.In comparison to many hotels which we have stayed in around the world, the service offered by this hotel was miles behind what we had received elsewhere.My recommendation now to others is either stay here just one night, or stay in a proper hotel in Paris and catch the train!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>HungryDave
<Content>The Disneyland Hotel - In Need of some A/C!!! Stayed here for two nights, the first week in October, and must say that it is an amazing place. All of the traveler reviews on here are right on, and were it not for one major inconvenience, I would've rated it an Excellent. Now, I know that other reviewers have said that the Castle Club is the place to stay, and it is TRUE. Yes, it is outrageously expensive, BUT, well worth it. You get perks here that no other Disney concierge hotel in the WORLD will give you. You get a VIP fastpass to all of the fastpass rides to use for your entire stay, over and over again. You get a private sit down check in on a dedicated floor, above the general nuttyness of regular check in. You get a key that you can use in the elevator, that takes you DIRECTLY to the turnstiles to enter the park. THAT is one of the most amazing things I thought. You also get access to the Castle Club lounge, which is like a normal concierge lounge, but even better. There is a staff of at least 4 or 5 on hand at all times, to cater to you. Breakfast is a huge ordeal, complete with scrambled eggs, bacon, venison sausage, tons of pastries, french cheeses, fresh juices, breads, and more. Afternoon tea consists of mini sanwiches, deserts, and more. One time, they even had some with caviar!  We had the honor of being upgraded to a suite, the Tinkerbell Suite, and it was a HUGE room. Great to have with 2 children. The only problem that I had, which was NOT a fun one, was that there was NO air conditioning. All you had there, was heat. And with the weather being nice, and a bit warmer, the room heated up fast, and could not cool down. Sleeping at night was rough, for us, and for the kids. I asked to be moved, but apparently, the hotel can either have heat or a/c, not both. I find it absurd that if you're paying that kind of money for a hotel room in a five star hotel, that you can't control the thermostat. They apologized, but said there was nothing they could do. SO, if you're someone who likes the room at a certain temp to be able to sleep, check to see if their a/c or heat is on when you go. No amazing room is worth it if you are going to have a horrible night's sleep.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Melissa_in_NYC
<Content>Its Dinsey, what do you expect? First of all, the front desk was most helpful. We arrived at 11 am and the bag handler told us our room would be ready by 3, enjoy the park and the bags would be placed in our room. The front desk told others the same thing. Seeing that we had just arrived from an overnight flight, they got us a room within 15 minutes and we got to rest before going to the park.You can't beat the location to the park. Period. The hotel was very expensive, but, not having to take the bus from your hotel to Disneyland...priceless...The food at breakfast, which is included, was average. The buffet dinner...if you can, skip it. Poor quality and expensive. However if you have young children they do bring in the characters, which makes it worth it. hey, it's Disneyland. Don't act like you are suprised that everything is so expensive and mediocre!!Tip...buy an autograph book as soon as you get there. Once the kids see everyone else approaching the characters, you will eventually be buying one anyway, this way they get as many autographs as they can. The characters also come to this hotel, which is nice, bc there are less of a crowd surrounding them.The park is smaller and more managable than the US. Better for smaller kids.The room was excellent quality and comfort. The pool is a bit small, but was not crowded. I hear the Sequioa has a better pool...but again you have to take the bus to Disney.Checkout was easy, housekeeping returned an expensive Chloe coat with $38 US in the pocket that I left behind...very honest.I would go again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>park1
<Content>Fantastic We have just returned from a 2 night stay in The Disneyland Hotel Paris and I would highly recommend it.Before we went I read the reviews on this website and while I agree that it is expensive I would say worth every penny.We arrived at 3.00 pm and we were lucky enough to be staying in The Castle Club.It has it's own check in and they give you a full run down of the facility.The staff in the hotel were fantastic we had a junior suite on the second floor which was two rooms sitting room and bedroom.On arrival there was a bottle of champagne on ice and two soft toys for our two daughters The characters are great at breakfast every morning and they really give the kids time.We had dinner in the hotel's california grill the second night and it was fantastic a welcome change from the fast food of the park.The staff in the restaurant were great with kids we even had a bottle of wine with our meal!! while the kids coloured there menus happily.The proximity to the park is fantastic so you can pop back for a little break,the afternoon tea is superb something for everyone to eat.If you are contemplating staying here just go ahead and book it  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baruya
<Content>Nice hotel, very pricey, great location Disneyland Hotel is a great experience for children, especially the character visits at breakfast and afternoon. Also, if you start flagging in the middle of the day, why not pop back to your room for a rest, then go out again, that's definitely what you pay for. We've stayed in luxury hotel suites elsewhere, and this hotel compares quite favourably, but it does feel rather new, contrary to what some other reviewers say. Externally, the hotel looks fabulous from near and afar, and beautiful at night, it's almost as good as staying in the Sleeping Beauty castle itself!Make no mistake, this is a pricey hotel, but it has all the magic of Disney that you would expect. Like all the best hotels, location hikes the prices up. I can't help thinking it could be better value in the New York or New England and walk a little further, but the Disneyland just keeps drawing us back.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Sharon.Edge
<Content>Absolutely wonderful! We've stayed here twice now - once in the main part of the hotel and once in the Castle Club, which is on the top floor with its own conceirge service and dining area. The buffett breakfasts there are great and they do a lovely afternoon tea - all free to Castle Club guests! You also have a special lift that takes you right to the park entrance and you get special entry tickets so you don't have to join the queues, which really makes a difference.You also get champagne, chocolates and flowers in your room!It's like stepping back in time when you enter this hotel - it's got a lovely warm feeling and the staff are great. Don't miss the Disney Characters singing and dancing in the foyer each morning - they put on a wonderful show - if you watch it from one of the balconies you get a great view. The rooms are lovely - very comfortable and then the park itself and the Disney Studios are just magical. Don't miss Disney Village - it's got a great atmosphere all of its own.We'd definitely stay at the Castle Club again - they make you feel really special and can't do enough for you.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ses259
<Content>Highly loved ! Hi, I took my 7 yr old son to the Disneyland hotel with my mum in March 2005 as a treat for him due to having had his baby sister on his birthday the previous Summer!!!I was worried it would be too girlie for him but wanted to stay here as I got such a good deal. It wasn't at all, although it was nice seeing little girls buy their princess dresses and then have pictures taken with a Disney Princess.We travelled by Eurostar which was a lovely easy journey. Although I haven't done it, I cant imagine flying being easier as we were straight into the reosrt - our luggage was transported to the hotel both ways so we didn't have to carry that around and the hotel was just a tiny walk from the station.The decor of the hotel was amazing, and our room was spacious - although we weren't in there much, except to warm up sometimes for abit as it was so cold. I would highly still reccomend this time to go though, as it isn't so busy, so we had hardly any queues and were in the front for all the parades. I also got the impression it was alot more personal than it would be when busy - the characters came over to us loads etc etc. This made it better for me than a previous holiday in Florida when it had been busy and we had to queue hours for everything!Back to the hotel, breakfast was brilliant start to the day, with characters coming around and sometimes naughty 'Chip' and 'Dale' throwing nuts from the balcony! - which the children loved. Food was nice and plenty! Good start to the busy day!Overall, although short - this was one of my best holidays for memories. It was so nice seeing the hotel lit up in its glory at night and knowing we had nowhere to travel to when everyone else was leaving and getting the shuttle to other onsight hotels. All I can say, is highly reccomennded ! - cant wait to take my daughter there in a few years.Ses.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aerogirl02
<Content>loved this hotel. We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel for the first time recently and we loved our stay here.We arrived on the VEA coach from CDG airport and were greeted imediatlly as soon as we stepped of the coach, when cast member took our luggage, which was then brought to are room when it was ready.We arrived at about 2pm and were told that our room would be ready for us at 3 pm. The hotel lobby was amazing and the stairs were like something from Cinderella.The room was very spacious, plenty of space for us all, the bathroom again was excellent and the room had lots of subtle Disney theming which was not over the top at all. The only problem was the TV did not have the disney channel in English.Every evening we would come back to are room to find the sheets turned down, chocolate coins on the pillow and the curtains closed for us.The room had a Mnii bar which is handy however it is very expensive, the shop at the train station is very handy though for cheaper drinks and snacks.Breakfast was a very good buffer with the best choice we have had at a Disney hotel, it included bread, fresh fruit, pan cakes, waffles, and hot choices such as Bacon and eggs. The CM member served us with hot drinks such as coffee. tea or hot chocolate.The characters were also present every morning at breakfast out side the restaurants, it can be a bit busy if you don't get down early, I would recommend before 8.30am.The hotel also had a fantastic shop with lots of Disney merchandise though we did find it lacking with not having snacks to buy.We also enjoyed a lovely drink and the fantastic Fantasia Bar which overlooked fantasia gardens, they served some lovey cocktails for both adults and children with bar snacks. Children were served in themed Disney cups which was included in the price so they got to take them home, they also were given a puzzle to keep them happy while Mum and Dad enjoy there drinks.Every day at 4pm the characters were in the main lobby which was great fun though it sometimes got a little busy.The best thing about the hotel is the location, especially for when children are tried, we could go back to the hotel for an hours rest and then easily head back to the park and would be there in minutes.The hotel is let down buy the pool and I would choose to stay at the HNY if I thought we would be using the pool a lot.Overall a fantastic hotel that we will be visiting again next year.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marlowtech
<Content>This is a hard one to write Ok - the positives : It's a super location, the staff are fantastic, the rooms are big, the Disney characters are visible and approachable, we will definitely stay there again.But, the negatives : it is such a rip off and however much they've got right, you cannot feel that it is terrible value for money. They charge you so much because they can and because people like me are stupid enough to pay it, and then go back and pay it again.There were 6 adults and 4 children in our party (2 yrs,3yrs,4yrs and 6 yrs) and we were given 3 rooms (2 internconnecting and one next door but no joining door). Eurostar was fine and checking in at the hotel was easy because the kids were in awe of Minnie mouse walking round the lobby.The rooms were large (1 was smaller than the others) and slept 2 kids and 2 parents fine. But the rooms are now beginning to look their age - nothing terrible, but att 鈧?20 per room per night, I expected something pretty good - the bathrooms definitely need updating. The TV had one English speaking Disney type channel in our room - all the rest were in french - with no pay per view films at all. No internet access (you have to buy a card to get wifi access which only works in the lounge downstairs - and they had sold out of cards so they didn't have any anyway! - but heck, we're on holiday and it's good to get away from the office for a time). No guest services directory or explanation as to how things work in the hotel (we tried to pay for something using our room key but we had to go back to reception to hand over a credit card to get a pin key!). No baby listening service ( we were all pretty tired but it would have been nice to relax in the bar for half an hour after putting the children down)The swimming pool is adequate but a bit crazy (it's small with no shallow end and v.busy with older kids jumping in) and the Minnie Mouse den where younger kids can draw and things was ok but nothing special.The buffet dininer (served in the restaurant where the breakfast is) is superb for adults, but for kids not so great. In particular we were shocked to find that the children's spaghetti was being cooked in Nut Oil (our daughter has a severe nut allergy). To be absolutely fair the staff were brilliant about this but I cannot believe that a child friendly hotel (and it is very child friendly!) was serving pasta cooked in nut oil. On a positive note for the kids, loads of characters come round and this was probably a highlight for the very tired children.Breakfast was a bit of disappointment - it is a real scrum and you must get there before 8am otherwise you will be in a queue.Previous reviewers have referred to the expense of this hotel. We have stayed in some fantstic expensive hotels (eg 4 Seasons in Dublin) where you feel like it's worth the expense. You will not feel like that here. We ordered tea and received a pot of hot water with 2 liptons yellow label tea bags. It cost 鈧?.60. Because the Eurostar was leaving at 6.45pm, and we had 3 rooms at a total cost of over 鈧?,400 for the two nights, I went to reception to ask for a late checkout from the specified 11am, for just one room till 6pm. I was told that we would have to pay the whole room rate charge again if it was until 6pm. If we checked out by 4pm it would be half the room rate. When I queried this they told me that the hotel was full. So, if it was full - why did you offer to sell me a room? If it wasn't full, why couldn't you let me have the room for free as a goodwill gesture? After demanding to see the General Manager, we got the room for 鈧?50 extra until 4pm - hardly a great negotiation on my part.And yet, after writing all of this - we will go back. The hotel has such a great position. As someone has already written, you need to pop back from the mayhem of the park and just chill out for a couple of hours. The staff really are very good. The children had an amazing time and it really ticks all the boxes. Just somehow, you've got to let go of the fact that this really is not value for money - I haven't quite managed it yet!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ki-Adi-Mundi
<Content>Disneyland Paris - fantastic! We visited Euro-Disney for 5 days in May with our nearly-three year old son, just before the last Bank Holiday weekend. What perfect timing! The Monday-Wednesday were not too busy but the final Thursday was completely manic. Made us glad to be going home!We stayed in the Disneyland Hotel - almost perfect! Incredibly expensive but totally fantastic. The character breakfasts were a bit of a let-down - they don't tell you you have to be seated by 9am to be able to meet characters this way but if you are that little bit later, you get plenty of opportunity to be entertained in the queue for a table for the restaurant! There are also characters in the lounge area most of the morning as well as in the afternoon in reception. A slightly more civilised way to get your photo taken with them than in the parks themselves. I say slightly - even small French children don't know how to queue but it's not the real rugby scrum that you get in the parks. Only the really famous characters have formal queus and minders.We did have one nice surprise at breakfast - the brochure said cooked food was available at a supplement but sausage, bacon and eggs were included. Made up for the fact that the first morning truly frightened us with its complete hecticness. Tip - make sure you ask for COLD milk if you want tea  if you find a teaspoon, keep it for the duration of your stay!The hotel was lovely but we did happen to be allocated the furthest room possible from reception - quite a hike but we had a balcony so we coped! However, it cost 拢12 for a beer, a cup of tea and a glass of milk in the bar. Depending on who served you, my son's bedtime milk either cost 拢2 or was free! The staff however were all excellent and so child-friendly.The location was so perfect and our room was in the wing of the hotel right by the park entrance as well as by the swimming pool. Another nice touch there - floats, arm bands  inflatable jackets were all readily available. If only we'd known, it would have saved on the packing. And how luxurious were those bath robes........Yes, this hotel costs a lot to stay in but all of the little extra easily outweigh the few negatives we encountered. This was supposed to be a one-off treat for us (we'd previously stayed in the Hotel Cheyenne when we were sans-child) but, to be honest, we don't think we could stay anywhere else if we go back again.We were also very lucky with the weather. It only rained on us twice  the forcast had been dreadful. It amazes me when people moan about this - it's northern France for God's sake! Take waterproofs  be thankful for every time you DON'T have to wear them!The main park was as excellent as we remembered it from 1995 (although with new attractions) but the Film Studios were a bit of a letdown from our point of view. Not so child-orientated although meeting Sully was a major highlight of the trip! Another tip - if you want a little bit of one-to-one time with a character, buy a small version of them - they flock to you then!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Very handy hotel Make no mistake -- Disneyland is tiring, even for energetic children. All that stimulation seems to overwhelm the little ones. I'm always struck by how many kids you see in the park who are crying, have just finished crying, or look like they're about to. And, of course, their parents and caretakers look frazzled. It's just part of being in the happiest place on earth, I guess.Which is why the Disneyland hotel is so handy. You can easily break up the day by going back for a nap or a swim. (Sometimes you have to work around the hotel cleaning staff, but they're generally cooperative.) It's amazing how a break in the middle of the day can restore tempers.The hotel gave us (four adults, four children) three interconnecting rooms. We put the kids in the middle room, and it worked out really well -- privacy for the adults, and fun for the kids. Overall, I don't think it could have been more civilized, considering you're in a place where Kids Rule. A restaurant tip: we had a surprisingly good dinner at Walt's on Main Street. Try to get a table near a window. It's not cheap, but it's also not as expensive as the California Grill in the Disneyland hotel. The other hotel restaurant, Inventions, is buffet-style, and it's also where breakfast is served. We didn't want to spend yet more time in there, so eating in the park was a fun alternative.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kittyhola
<Content>fantastic hotel,top service,outstanding room - go there! Having never been to Disneyland Paris ( DLP) before I decided to seek advice from the ever trusty Tripadvisor site. Disneyland Hotel was rated number one and everything else I read about DLP seemed to have the same opinion-this is THE hotel to stay in. And they were all correct. From the moment we arrived at the hotel to the moment we left, the service was first class. We were lucky enough to be staying in Castle Club so I can't comment on what it may have been like staying in the rest of the hotel. All I would say is that it you are thinking about going Castle Club and you don't know whether it's really worth the extra money - IT IS!So where to start? The room. I am not a great fan of having to share with the kids and always feel a bit short changed when the kids have to share one double bed and we are in another one, merely a breath away from them. But this room was large enough for us all to be happily accomodated. The real bonus was french windows opening on to a small balcony which was a lovely extra feature we hadn't expected. The bathroom was very luxurious and again very spacious. From 7.30 in the morning, several characters appear in the lobby which is directly below Castle Club. On each morning, My daughters were early enough to have one to ones with Pluto and Minnie. But be warned - by 8 am the queue starts for the main dining room for breakfast and there is no fastpass! Castle Club has its own smaller dining room no queues,far less chaotic. Also - there is a rather lovely afternoon tea in Castle Club which we grew to love. Because the hotel is situated at the entrance to the Park we made a point of going back to the hotel for tea, recharging our batteries and then whizzing back down in the Castle Club Lift back to the park.Even without Castle Club, the hotel is the best place for seeing the Characters as they are there every morning, outside the main dining room. They can be somewhat elusive in the park and because the French don't manage the crowds the same way the Americans do, it's sometimes a bit of a scrum to get near the characters.We will definitely return to this hotel - it effortlessly combined top service, comfort,relaxation and luxury and really made our holiday.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel This was our second visit to Disneyland Paris but our first in the Disney Land Hotel. We cannot recommend the hotel too highly - in our view it is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The food was excellent, especially the buffet breakfast, with a wide choice of fruit and vegetables and various different meats, cheeses and cereals. The room was very comfortable and clean and my daughter particularly enjoyed visiting the lobby at 4 pm to meet the different characters. She also loved meeting the characters in the morning before breakfast. One morning we were the only family there when Mickey arrived - magical! The staff are very friendly and are always willing to help when you have a problem. The only thing bad thing, from my daughter's perspective,was the pool. For small children their is no shallow end,and the changing rooms were quite dirty. However this didn't spoil a wonderful holiday - we will definitely visit again !  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel staff excellent We have just returned from eurodisney, had a good time, however 4days/3nights too long. Stayed in the disneyland hotel the actual hotel itself i would definetly not rate 5star even though we stayed castle club the rooms were pretty average, the only benefit being the castle club lounge which is excellent and the private lift to the park. The staff were brilliant, very helpful and extremely professional. DO NOT travel eurostar what a nightmare from beginning to end, not at all organised, food awful, we paid for first class and the seats were filthy! staff very unhelpful. Never again!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gazborangers
<Content>Disneyland Hotel - Certainly not a fairytale dream! This is the second time I have stayed in the Disneyland Hotel, the first in 1999 and it was interesting to see how it compared after seven years absence!Well nothing has changed except the hotel, its decor and standards have all become a bit shabby!We have three kids so had to book two rooms and let me assure you it was not cheap! The rooms themselves are adequate but are now showing their age. The bathroom tiles were cracked in places and stains on the carpets were prevalent throughout. The non-French staff were perfectly pleasant but our Gallic friends could do with a refresher course at the Disney University!The lack of choice on the television was ridiculous, I can understand constant Disney Channel for the kids but no pay movies and only one English speaking channel seems daft. (A news channel to boot!) It would have been nice after a day at the park to come back and watch a blockbuster or two on a pay movie channel whilst the kids dreamt of Mickey.The restaurants in the hotel are a complete rip off! At night you have a choice of two, an adult restaurant that does not cater for kids or one that does that wants to charge you 40 Euros for adults or 20 Euros for kids. Ok the Disney characters do wander round the restauarant but they also wander round the parks during the day!The park is fantastic and in three days we didn't venture out of the Magic Kingdom to Walt Disney Studios. It is more compact than the one in Florida and is perfectly adequate for big and small kids alike!If you do go to Disneyland Paris bare in mind that they have got you hook, line and sinker! There is no fantastic town nearby to go out for a cheap meal or to stock up on snacks or food to make sandwiches with, you are owned for the time you are there by Disney. As this is the case you will eat mountains of french fries, little in the way of salads or fresh vegetables, red meat by the ton and gallons of fizzy drinks (sodas) or bad red wine at exorbitant prices!You will enjoy the park but if you find a way to beat the Disney system let me know! The only other comment is the main problem with Disneyland Paris is that it is in France, I mean can you think of a famous French comedian or comic actor! That's right the staff don't have a sense of humour either!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We have just arrived back from Disneyland Hotel, Paris after a very pleasant 4 night stay. We arrived at around 6pm and we must have waited 20 minutes to check in, there were only 4 families in front but check in seems to take an awful long time. Staff were extremely pleasant though.The hotel was very nice, only gripes were that the heating seemed to be on full and the room was unpleasantly warm, even with the window open and heating turned off. Rooms were what I expected from a 4 star hotel, very clean and spacious enough and cleaned everyday. Breakfast was fine, get there before 8.30 if you don't want to queue for 20 minutes plus. Characters are outside the restaurant between 7am and 11am which is fantastic, kids loved it and it certainly makes breakfast more fun.Not much to do in the hotel bar the swimming pool if you are fed up with the park. It is not as child friendly as say Sequoia Lodge. Disneyland Paris itself was a slight disappointment, we expected there to be more of a wow. It is not as large as you would expect. I have not visited any other of the Disney Parks so had nothing to compare it to but expected more rides. Four days of the Dumbo ride etc are more than enough. I would say if you are traveling with pre-schoolers two days is ample to visit the park. We ate 2 nights at Planet Hollywood, which was fine and 1 night at Rainforest Cafe which was not as nice but still okay. All of those meals cost around 110 Euros each time for 2 adults and 2 children. The last night we ordered room service to the tune of 130 Euros for 2 adult meals, 2 children's meals and a bottle of wine. It was the best meal we ate the whole stay. We took our own bread, cheese, ham, snacks etc so we could have a half decent packed lunch and the hotel cleared the mini bar for us to store the food in which was good. Each day we popped back to the hotel (as it is 30 second walk from Disneyland gates) and had our lunch which was so much better than having to pay another 50/60 Euros each day in the park.We did enjoy it however but I doubt we will go back, I will visit Florida if I decide to part with so much cash again to the Disney Corporation.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daveinkent44
<Content>Great hotel! Chose this hotel because of the high standard of reviews posted here. Stayed for 3 nights in one of the Castle Club rooms.I recommend upgrading to these rooms if you can. You get your own check-in and private lift to the area.You also get a VIP pass for the park which means for many rides you only wait 10 minutes or so.The staff are very friendly and helpful. As our Eurostar train did not depart until 1846, we asked for an extended check out to 1730 and got it free of charge! Eurostar is by far the best way of getting to Disneyland Paris as it takes you right to the gates of the Parks and Hotels.The hotel itself is a little expensive in the restraunts and if you can eat in the Park it is cheaper by far. But remember during Marc the Park closes at 8PM.As for the Parks, Disneyland is great but MGM Studios does not have a lot to offer yet, although the Tower of Terror is close to completion.As for going in March? Wrap up warm is all I can say or leave it until summer. It sometimes is no fun walking around in the icy cold!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My husband,4 year old Grand daughter and I have just returned from a 3 night break at this hotel it certainly met all our expectations having read all the excellent revues on this hotel. We were in one of the basic rooms (king size bed and bed settee) and had a tiny balcony with view over the entrance to DLP.Staff at the hotel were all friendly and exceptionally so with children. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Out of this World We went to this hotel during one of the busiest times of the year. We arrived on the 9.00 am flight from Birmingham. It was a free for all on the Disneyland buses so I will arrange for a transfer when I go again. When we arrived at the Hotel all the trouble was forgotten. We were told to leave our bags on the coach and the porters would arrange for them to be taken to our room when we had checked in. We were given our tickets for the park and told to come back at 3.00 pm when our rooms would be ready. When we got back we went to our room which we found very clean and beautifully decorated ( you have to look for the added touches ). At breakfast the next morning we arrived at about 8.30 am there seemed to be a large queue which we thought would mean a long wait - wrong - we were seated in approximately 10 minutes the view of the park being spectacular. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel (expensive but worth every penny). Something not to be missed is at 4.00 pm every day when the characters arrive in the foyer of the hotel it brought tears to my eyes.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SKCJ
<Content>Great for kids We stayed when the hotel was totally full and this may explain why the hotel didn't quite live up to its promise. Having arrived after a 12 hour trip with a very tired toddler we found that despite prebooking there was no cot. Three hours later, and three trips to reception later, the cot finally arrived! The room with a view, was a very dark room with a view of a car park and there were half eaten sweets under the bed edge. Also the king sized beds are actually only 4'6. Beware, the food is very overpriced given you effectively you get nothing more than a limited buffet (which had one vegtarian choice). But there are good points. The hotel has a fantastic location right at the heart of Disneyland Paris, the pool and kids club are good. Also it is very child friendly. My son loved the characters and the staff are very polite. However, although we had four night sbooked we checked out after three having had our fill.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWLondontraveller
<Content>Luxury that cannot be bettered....worth every penny! This hotel is the most expensive in DisneyLand Paris, (although New York Hotel is not far behind)but its facilities, location, atmosphere and luxury are far and away the best there is.We stayed (2 adults with 2 kids, 5 and 3) from 31 Oct to 3rd November and we cannot fault the hotel in any way. The staff are excellent - forget the reputation of lack of courtesy from hotel staff in DLP - here they treat you like VIPS all over the hotel.As a mistake the hotel upgraded us to Castle Club status even though we had not paid for a Castle Club room as our voucher showed we had. Castle Club members get their own (quieter) breakfast lounge, well worth it to avoid the queues from the the other main breakfast restaurant. The Castle Club also gives you direct access to the park with your own key card that operates the lift! Truly VIP.The room was large, oppulent and beauftiful to come back to after a tiring day. The bathroom was not huge but was adequate. All of us shared the standard room, 2 double beds - it was more than enough room for us.We used the pool which was lovely. We did not eat at the Hotel except breakfast - which was amazing in itself - the best doughnuts I have ever tasted - bar none!The atmotsphere in the hotel was magical - the lobby is so impressive the second you walk in - it feels like a dream. The corridors that connect the wings of the hotels have the feel of a huge palace or country mansion - you feel like you are in someones huge residence. Everythings about this hotel oozes class.The price is high, 拢900 for 3 nights (including disney passes).We last stayed 4 years ago at Newport Bay, the cost of which would have been around 拢500, but there is simply no comparison. Newport was an awful experience with its huge corridors, over-crowded lobby and impersonal feel.The extra money was well spent and I would stay nowhere else from now on.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phgannon
<Content>The only way to do Disney?!       Bathroom in a Tinkerbelle Suite in Castle Club.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Excellent Magical Time My daughter and I have just arrived back home after 4 nights 3 days at the Disneyland Hotel and Disney Parks what an excellent magical time we had the hotel was first class the room was lovely and the maid service first class even down to each evening turning down your beds and putting chocolate coins on the bed for you what a lovely touch. The character breakfast was very good especially for the little ones but my daughter loved them still even though she's now 10 you are captured by the magic when you see Mickey waiting for you before you go into breakfast and each morning we were there we saw a different character from Mickey, Minnie, Eeorre, Mary Poppins, Rabbit, Chip and Dale, Donald Duck, Tweddle Dee and Tweedle Dum, Goofy and even Pluto it was great. I would recommend though that you go down to breakfast early as the breakfast is from 7.30-11am each morning, the earlier you go down the more chance you have of not queing to see the characters and getting a picture and authograph then you can go straight in for your fantastic breakfast what a choice and the orange and apple juice are wonderful so please do try them. If you are arriving late at any of the disney hotels and the bus has stopped for the evening they tend to stop around 8pm french time so if your flight does not arrive until after 9pm like mine did I was stuck so instead of heading to the train as it was getting late around 10pm and carrying cases and my daughter trudgging along I opted for an airport pickup with Eurominibus and what a great service they provied it was around 85 euros but that was because it was a night time pick up but the service again was excellent the driver held up my name when coming out of the terminal and carrying my cases all the way to the minibus and it was only my daughter and I on the minibus and it was all air conditioned and the journey took around 30 mins and he dropped me right outside the hotel and took my bags so it was very hassle free. On my return journey I had the disney bus take me back to the airport a family of 4 ticket will cost you 51 euros it cost me 25.50 as it was just the two of us but please remember this if you need to book the bus it is a VE bus and it picks you up right outside your hotel and drops you at the terminal you need please remember though that you need to get your own cases off the bus and this can be quite pushy when all of you get off at the same terminal so keep patient.The Disney parks are wonderful you can do the Disney Studio Park in a day as this is not to large a park but do try and see the Animagique show and the Cinemagique show both excellent the Disneyland Park was very good a mini version of the one in Florida if you have been but they have tried there best to fit as much in to the disneypark. Be warned that the Thunder Mountain ride is very fast both my daughter and I came off feeling very dizzy and a little sick should I say we both had to sit down in the shade for a while. Both the Lion King show and the Tarzan show are a must you have to go and see both they are truly captivating. The weather was wonderful while my daughter and I were there for 3 days 4 nights but we didn't go prepared for the weather no t-shirts or shorts and you must take sun block with you one of the days we were there it was over 100 degrees so be careful for little ones take as much sun block as you can and hats. You have the Disney Village to eat out in the evening my daughter and I found this very useful and convienient to the hotel watch the price and shop around while your there for the best restaurant we found Annettes Diners very good and the chips are very tasty we ate there for the 4 nights we were there so we must of liked it but again you have lots of places to choose from Planet Hollywood to Mickey's Restaurant, McDonalds etc but before I went I was reading the reviews and found one review that told me about an excellent book to buy before you go and it is called A Brits Guide to Disney Resort Paris by Simon Venesse priced at 拢7.99 this is an excellent book to buy as it is full of useful tips you would'nt necessarly find without knowing and if you take the book to Planet Hollywood you get 20% discount so it was worth having although we didn't use it but a family of 4 or more would benefit from the discount.Anyway have a wonderful time like we did and enjoy the magic  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magical Stayed in this hotel last December, had a fantastic time. The hotel is in an excellent location for a visit to the parks step out of the door and you're in the main park, Disney Studios and Disney Village are a five minute stroll. Had a beautiful room overlooking the park, spacious and clean. Breakfast was included in our package and this was excellent, a good choice of foods and with the added bonus of being able to meet the characters without them being mobbed as in the parks. Ate in innovations for dinner one evening had a superb meal- buffet style- sitting in the restaurant with the disney charecters floating around and the lights of the park outside the window was a highlight of the trip. Read other reviews that have said pool area very small and yes it isnt the biggest pool for such a large hotel but we used it every day and it was never very busy. It always felt relaxed and calm. Service throughout our stay was excellent, from the valet parking, to the restaurant.The hotel was beautifully decorated for christmas, not over the top but very festive. I would recomend a stay at this hotel to anyone- expensive yes- but worth every penny.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fastastic stay at the Disneyland Hotel We have just returned from an Easter break two nights, three days. When booking I was unsure of what hotel to book but now that I have been I am so pleased that we payed the extra and stayed at the Disneyland Hotel. It really made the holiday magical. The rooms are lovely, we were two adults and children aged 5 and 7 and we had a large room with two double beds, turn down service and during our stay gratis breakfast in your room if you required it though there is a charge for this on other stays. Obviously with the Characters attending breakfast this was impossible! We saw an array of Characters, and though it was Easter and very busy, my sons were able to get autographs and photos with relative ease, unlike the scrum in the Park. All the main characters were there, Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Pinnochio, White Rabbit, Eyore and on and on. Dinner at the Inventions is a must though it is expensive the Characters come to your table and it is not necessary to book a Character lunch. They also appear on the main staircase each morning and again it is pretty easy to have photos and autographs taken. I would recommend booking dinner if venturing out to the Disney Village, the Steakhouse is to be recommended with the staff being very attentive and great with kids. It gets very busy and we had to wait quite a while for a table on our first evening so it would be better to book. Staying at the Disneyland has spoiled us for any other hotel, it is a minute to the Park entrance, you get three fast pass ride tickets as an extra as well which was great, got through the queue for Thunder Mountain in 20 minutes on Easter Monday!! Cant praise the staff enough, the only criticism is that the bar is small and the sitting area is also small and the drinks were pricey.However we will be going back!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could not fault, upgrade it's worth it  I have recently returned from disneyland resort , Paris and stayed at the disneyland hotel (6/03/05- 09/03/05)Having read previous reviews I wasn't sure what to expect having been to both the Florida and japan parks of Disney. We stayed at the disneyland hotel and had upgraded to the castle club rooms - if you are considering staying at this hotel then i would definetley recommend you upgrade to the castle club, the benefits are well worth it for one you get the vip fastpass which gives you unlimited fastpass to those attractions - with this pass you dont have to put your ticket in the machine and come back at a certain time, you just show your pass and your let straight through and it's unlimited for your stay. You have your own lift which takes from the castle club to the main gates entrance - free soft drinks all day - your own breakfast room where the characters will come up to see you - afternoon tea ( a selection of cakes and biscuits, coffee and tea) - plus the staff also make you feel special and go out of there way to be helpful.The park itself is as you would expect if you have been to florida, it's more or less exactly like magic kingdom - the layout is virtually the same, if your familar with magic kingdom your familiar with the one in paris - people say florida is better, i would disagree with that - the only reason the one in florida is better is because in Florida you have Epcot, animal Kingdom and the water parks if you compare like for like magic kingdom is the same.I know people don't like the fact that most of the presentations are in french and that you either have headphones or subtitles, but hey come on the park is in France, it's what you should expect.Walt disney studios the other park is also very good, though small it's different and enjoyable in it's own right - if you like rollercoasters then head to the rock n roll coaster, it's one of the best i've been on this ride will not disappoint!Food and drink is not cheap, if you eat in the disneyland hotel expect to pay in excess of 150 euros for a family of four, but hey u're there to enjoy yourself splash out a bit enjoy. Walt's resturant on main street was also very good - similar in price to rainforest cafe - be warned the burger in the rainforest cafe was 22 euros and not that good.Me and the family had an excellent time, the children loved meeting the chracters (though I never actually saw Donald Duck) - get your kids an autograph book they will love going getting the autographs of the characters - the staff in the park where friendly, polite and all had smiles on there faces.We travelled by eurostar from waterloo which was on time, fast, effiecent and takes you right to the park. would probably do this service again rather then flying.All in all I could not fault disneyland resort paris during my time there, can't wait to go again - the only down side was it was very cold, but hey you cant blame disney for that.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>graemeoverton
<Content>A wonderful Christmas treat       Castle Club elevator from park entrance.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be better Stayed between Christmas and New Year, location of hotel was fantastic being just yards from the parks. Hotel was full and did not appear to have communal areas and restaurants designed to cope with the number of guests staying.The hotel seems torn between trying to be a run of the mill 4/5 star hotel and a true deluxe hotel. The furnishings are generally good although the bathrooms are not in keeping being utilitarian rather than luxury.The hotel communal areas are to small compared to the number of rooms, the bar area was always crowded with people standing around waiting for a seat to become available and staff who seemed to have no interest in clearing tables or providing service unless it was at their convenience.The lobby is similar.Although staff professed that they were always available to help service standards were only average for a hotel charging top end prices. Mistakes in service were a constant theme, problems were always sorted out but a high level of errors suggested a general lack of care and training. The staff generally fail to give the proactive service which is present in a top hotel.If you want the convenience of a hotel immediately adjacent to the parks this is the best available hotel but with average service. The absence of true deluxe hotel competition seems to have led Disney to accept average as sufficient.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Let the magic begin.. We have just returned from five magical days in Disneyland Paris. We travelled with three children age two, five and six. From the moment we arrived we had five star service..the star are so accommodating and friendly, true service with a smile. We had two interconnecting rooms located in one of the turrets of the pink palace. our rooms where spotless, and we had bed turndown service at night. Breakfast is fit for a king, well presented and great choice and also the added benefit of meeting the characters one to one. Dinner for the children is expensive for what is on offer you are better going to Disney Village. The park was decorated for Christmas, and it was just awesome, walking down Main Street USA with the Christmas carols being sung and the snow coming down(virtual snow.. it is Disney after all)had me almost crying, my childrens eyes where out on sticks in awe of it all...It is the place where fairytales begin.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sue9021
<Content>The Magic Starts Here The magic REALLY does start here, this amazing pink Palace transforms the mundane, and ordinary, and transports you into the Wonderful World of Walt Disney.We stayed here for three days, two adults and two children aged 5.The room was on the topmost floor, and classed as a 'standard room', but this room went beyond just plain standard. it was more like a mini-suite, with two Queen size beds, huge white (and they were gleaming white..which is a mark of the Hotel's quality, and standards) puffy duvets and pillows, lovely full length bathrobes, table, chairs and a three seater sofa in a turret shaped room. All with Disney theme throughout.A beautifully appointed bathroom, with radio and phone, spotlessly clean, fluffy white towels, deep large bath, and shower.We had bed turn down service with chocolate mints every night, lamps were lit, in our room, which was all part of the superb service, at no extra charge.Staff were so polite, friendly, and totally devoted to making each guest feel like they are special.The Hotel is literally at the entrance to the Disneyland Park, a stones throw from Walt Disney World, and the Village..We walked out of the Disneyland Park, and were in our room within 5 minutes..the exit was literally yards from the hotel, and the entrance to the main Disneyland Park is just under the Hotel.All in all I would NEVER stay in another hotel other than this one, if you are going to Disneyland Paris..because this Hotel is 'DISNEY' The Magic REALLY does start here....  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at this hotel for three nights in mid-August. The staff were pleasant and spoke excellent English, but the best thing about the hotel is its location - it actually forms part of the entrance to Disneyland. Breakfast-time provides a great opportunity to gain autographs and photos with the Characters. You will usually find at least two characters in the entrance to the restaurants for the whole breakfast period (7.30am-11am). They rotate on a regular basis, and it saves having to queue and tussle in the Park when Mickey and friends appear!Overall, this hotel provides a welcome retreat after the mayhem of the Parks.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrsbensontobe
<Content>Fantastic Holiday!! On arriving at Disneyland Paris you take your suitcases up to the 2nd floor of the railway station and they are transported to your hotel.When we checked into our beautiful room, the cases were waiting for us. Everywhere in this hotel is spotless and the service is fantastic. The decoration of the hotel is what you would expect, total Disney! When you order drinks in the bar you also get snacks,nuts,or even smoked salmon! Also,they provided warm milk for our baby at no extra charge, and free disney pens and books for the older children. All the stall were brilliant and friendly. The maids came to check that we were happy with how our beds had been made, and gave us chocolate coins! The queuing system for breakfast could be improved, but once you are in the restaurant you have a choice of lots of lovely,piping hot food and a selection of drinks (my son says the chocolate waffles are 'to die for'!). We actually had a ground floor room,which was great with having a baby. Our room opened out onto a terrace with a table and chairs outside, and a grassed area where you could relax after a long days walking. And believe me...theres LOTS of walking around the parks! You will NOT be dissapointed by this hotel at all.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fulcomusic@aol.com We just arrived back home from a wonderful trip to Disneyland Paris. While I believe there are a lot of things that need improvement in the park itself, the Disneyland Hotel was FANTASTIC! Please remember that I am talking about the Hotel, not the park which I think needs major improvement and a more robust marketing campaign to entice repeat business. The park's maintenance program needs to be a tad revamped as some of the attractions seem to be suffering from dirt, old cigarette butts and chipped paint. The water in the Small World attraction is a disgrace as it is engulfed in crud and sludge. Walt Disney must be rolling over screaming for a water vacuum. While the cost to maintain a clean park appearance is overwhelming, this cannot be overlooked because of slow or sluggish attendance records. Some of the staff/cast members need to learn to smile more and may need a refresher course in morale and how contagious a friendly demeanor can be. Not all need this course, but enough who are clearly tired of the wholesome American Disney Zippity DO-DA thing. The park's attendance seems to be down and this may have to do with repeat customers staying away because of things like 7.10 euros for Popcorn. Do the math, bucket or no bucket, it's popcorn. The cheapest thing in the world to produce is cotton candy and that price is out of control as well. I actually have some great ideas to bring people back to the park but who cares what I think? (LOL)The food in the park is atrocious! That means not good, BAD! They really missed the boat on this most important feature. Even at a high price, you have to have good food and good portions. Most people won't mind spending a small fortune for a good fair meal, but you have to make it GOOD, FRESH and FILLING. Most people eat with their eyes. I have too much to say but we had a great time and will go back. I give the total Disney Paris experience an 7 out of 10 and look for exciting improvements because of my review. (LOL)PS: The Inventions restaurant in The Disneyland Hotel was fantastic. This was the only place worth eating for us as their buffet is fresh, tasty and well thought out. Great selection and the staff and management are tops!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Disneyland Hotel We just got back form Disneyland Paris, we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel, and it was really nice, the staff were very helpfull, our room was very nice, clean with a lovely bathroom. My 5yr old son absolutely loved it especially when he got to say hello to all his favourite characters before having breakfast. I will highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering going there not only for the covenience, its just such a nice hotel from the inside and out.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disneyland hotel is where the magic happens   showReview(2290275, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beardsh
<Content>Started Out Badly - Did Improve   showReview(2230860, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance and excitement Disney style   showReview(2172643, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the wonderful world of disney   showReview(1650863, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best holiday ever   showReview(1623647, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hotel   showReview(1151617, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KLBYork
<Content>magical!!   showReview(994915, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>want a bit special   showReview(987458, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Riyah
<Content>A DISNEY NIGHTMARE   showReview(983268, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(841887, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sposinipv
<Content>Che favola d'albergo!   showReview(23322208, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Franznt
<Content>Vraiment tr猫s bien   showReview(23278378, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ritagreta
<Content>Il principesco Dysneyland Hotel   showReview(22925343, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darsuan
<Content>Un sue帽o hecho realidad.   showReview(22145534, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tenkas
<Content>pura fachada   showReview(20205529, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	4	1	

<Author>ludineg
<Content>MERVEILLEUX       le ch芒teau  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>islita
<Content>Good!       minnie  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>fatatina
<Content>Bellissimo...se andate ad Eurodisney, qui e' il meglio!   showReview(16753567, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Pat34
<Content>Cher mais parfait   showReview(15619986, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GusMadrid
<Content>No estuvieron a la altura   showReview(15472318, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shelter
<Content>Toujours magique malgr茅 ses imperfections.       La passerelle menant aux restaurants.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>paoloCuneo
<Content>Meraviglia   showReview(13500266, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roxanne67
<Content>Ce qu'il y a de mieux chez Disney       le grand hall  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>fabala09
<Content>la literie est hors service   showReview(7330190, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Fabbz
<Content>Presque un palace...       Vue sur le parc depuis la suite pr茅sidentielle  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

