<Author>TaloBalo1
<Content>Great Holiday, however they have a few opportunities to improve... We were guests of the Riu Palace Punta Cana from December 20, 2008 to January 3, 2009. My sister and her family joined us from France as did my mom and dad and together we celebrated both Christmas and New Years.The check in at the Riu Palace was great. Though our kid's room wasn't next to ours Raymundo at reception made a change and accomodated our request. He also ensured that my sister's room, her kids and my parents were put side by side upon their arrival the next day as my mother has alzeimhers and needs some assistance.Since we arrived late on the 20th, we went straight to bed and woke up bright and early and headed to the Don Manuel Restaurant and was greeted by Alejandro who is a waiter of the ouside tables to your right. Alejandro is truly a gentleman, always smiling and making every effort to speak english with us. Picked up our towels (rarely had any problems with the towels aside from having to put a few americans in their place when they kept going on and on and on about the towel system). We headed to the beautiful beach and enjoyed the day. Our routine was beaching it until 4pm and moving over to the pool area for the remainder of the day (until 6pm) with a short lunch break at abour 1:30pm. We met up with the rest of the family who arrived on the evening of the 21st and went for dinner, watched the begining of the show and headed to bed to start the same routine over again.Although the food wasn't anything to rant and rave over, here are some comments and opportunities that the Riu Palace Punta Cana may want to consider.Don Manuel Restaurant: The variety of the food was amazing. From fish to beef, chicken, pizza, pasta, etc,....There was something for everyone. If anything, the choices were too broad thus creating repetition day after day of recycled foods. That was are main disappointment. For example: On New Years Eve, there was filet mignon, on the next day, the filet mignon was sliced into steaks, the next day into thinner slices, served cold with a sauce.Yokohama Restaurant: The food was okay not fantastic, but okay. The echo in the restaurant due to the hardwood floors and high ceilings was unbearable and too loud.La Bodega Restaurant: The food was good, especially the chicken legs. I also enjoyed the grilled banana wrapped in bacon... an interesting flavour.The steakhouse: This was our worst experience. I can't necessarily pin point what made the experience so bad, but just about everthing on the menu was awful. Regardless of how bad the food was, the service is always pleasant. My 10 year old niece described the flavour of the pink icecream best..... toothpaste!!Luigi Restaurant: The food served was good, not great but good. The lasagna was a nice treat. Krystal Restaurant: We ate here twice. The pumpkin soup and the ravioli were very tasty as was the loin of lamb and the beef tenderloin. The fruit cup was my favorite dessert and I ordered it with vanilla icecream.If I could suggest one lunch item for the Don Manuel Restaurant.... Considering that most people are now watching their weight and trying to make good food selections, how about having a salad station with a chef tossing the items of your choice with the dressing of your choice to make custom made salads. Much like the omelette station at the breakfast buffet...The drinks at the resort were not premium drinks but since I'm not much of a drinker it didn't make a difference. From what the kids told me, the frozen drinks (ie. Pina Colada, Bananamama, etc,..) were better at the bar upstairs by the reception. Perhaps because the slush wasn't sitting under the sun and was retaining the icy texture.The room service was great. My sister, my parents and my nieces had towel animals in their room each day, whereas we didn't. Who cares. Maria, our room attendant may not have been a master at creating towel shapes, though she provided us with clean rooms, and turn down service each night. The lack of towel animals didn't ruin my holiday.The landscaping was beautiful and immaculate. The pool was clean, the workers were very friendly and accomodating. Would I go again.... no. Why, because I never go to the same place twice! Not because I didn't enjoy our stay. There are just too many places to visit and only so much time!!!If you choose to stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana, you are making a good choice. I've stayed and more luxurious places, and at some lesser places, but the Riu Palace Punta Cana was just great! If you are looking for better food, and better drinks, in my opinion, do not choose an all-inclusive. Go to a boutique hotel and pay for everything 脿 la carte!As for humidity, yes, definately. The rooms were a little musty, not because they weren't clean but because of the weather. Take a room freshner with you. Oh, I almost forgot..... here's a tip!!! We all enjoy great wine and my sister and BIL, brough 4 bootles of the finest red wines from the bordeaux regions, we brought 2 bottles of italian wine and my dad needed his dose of ouzo. The servers always corked our bottles without any problems. If you don't like the wine they serve in the Dominican Republic, BRING YOUR OWN!My philosophy is that if you want to find fault, you will, if you want to make the best of your holiday....you will!Can't wait for our next vacation...... TaloBalo  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dafudd
<Content>Paradise       beachside pooland pool bar  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mama031
<Content>We love the Punta Cana RIU Palace I hesitated writing my review after reading some of the others, especially those with complaints. My husband and I were first given this trip as a gift and had never been out of the country or away from the kids in about 24 or so years. We arrived and truely felt as though we were in a palace. We also felt as though we were a King and a Queen. We were treated so great. I was amazed how friendly and wonderful the staff and the people of Punta Cana are. I never saw a mean, angry or sad face there. The people were always happy and smiling. Even when cleaning up after accidents of spilled drinks, etc.... You don't see that much in America. As for the smell, we loved it. It may seem strange, but when we got back home and smelled our clothes it made us miss Punta Cana. I actually sniffed the things that still smelled like Punta Cana and we would kid about it and say, Punta Cana smell! After the first trip (Fishing on the Sarabelle included) we were sent back the following year. Same place and this time we went on the Marinarium tour and loved it.We decided to come back in the summer with the family to celebrate our 25th anniversary. My children ages 24, 21, and 20 also loved it. This time we went on the outback safari and Saona Island. We loved both of these trips. We are heading back again for our fourth time in February over Presidents weekend and we cannot wait. We love everything about it. We miss Lorenzo and Pedro in the buffet and hope they are there when we get back!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robert_David
<Content>Xmas week 2008 This hotel (rooms, food and beach) is quite fine with the staff being very friendly yet slow, so exercise some patience. My only complaint is the pervasive ambient cigarette smoke produced mainly by the European guests. A note for golfers: the nearby Punta Blanca course is very good and of excellent relative value with a junior rate such that there is no need to go the overpriced La Cana course. Last a note to all: Punta Cana is in a malarial zone so that you and your whole family should be taking chloroquine. If you doubt this, then go to the CDC website.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michlob
<Content>Just a little less than Amazing! What beautiful accomodations. The staff and people of the Dominican were wonderful, respectful and helpful. Smiles were plentiful. Most spoke English very well. I had no problem understanding them. Knowing a little Spanish helps.If you go there tip as appropriate. A few dollarrs here and there go a long way for them and they certainly work hard and long days.Yes, our room was somewhat musty, Fabreeze took care of my suitcases when we got home and I washed all the clothes. No big whoop. Since we were not in our room much except to sleep, it wasn't a problem.The pool and beaches were great. LOVED the SPA, had two massages and a facial. Very relaxing.We bartered for lots of gifts to bring back ,so high entertainment value there.We were there as part of an Apple group package and when I say just a little less than amazing  I refer to our Apple Representative Sigfrido. He was un-organized, gave us wrong information at our group meeting and neglected to fax over our reservation for the must do Outback Safari so we waited for a bus to pick us up that never came. Sadly we did not get to see much outside the resort because of him. He also bad mouthed other tour companies. Un-professional!!!In spite of Sigfrido, we had a wonderful, relaxing time.Angela at the main bar is an awesome bartender and the food at all the restaurants was good, but Krystal (gourmet) was positively my favorite.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jsslastwife
<Content>The amazing Riu Palace Punta Cana       riu palace punta cana  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mizkitnp
<Content>Great Resort -- Great Time! We stayed at the RIU Palace Punta Cana from December 12 鈥?19, 2008. What a lovely resort 鈥?so many amenities. Our room was a 鈥渏unior suite鈥?鈥?quite large, including a bathroom with Jacuzzi bathtub, sitting area with sofa and TV (even FOX News!), and nice balcony. There was a minibar stocked with beer and softdrinks and liquor dispensers with brandy, vodka, gin, and rum. I鈥檓 sure you could have asked for a substitute if desired, but we did not. Tap water is not potable, but we were given gallon size jugs of purified water. Water and ice in all the restaurants and bars is fine. My only concern was the self-service ice machines which had no scoop 鈥?I reported this to the front desk (not exactly sanitary to use hands!), but it never changed. I just went to the bar near the ice machine and then filled the ice bucket 鈥?using a scoop! There were five alternate restaurants 鈥?we went to all except the Japanese. All were good and each was a uniquely different venue. You need a reservation for these 鈥?you can make them between 8 am and noon 鈥?but earlier is definitely the rule if you want a particular restaurant and time (6:30 or 9:00 pm choices). I went between 8 and 8:30 and got our requests. The grounds are immaculate, very spacious, and truly beautiful. The beach is spectacular as well 鈥?wide and lots of lounges and trees, if shade is desired. The swimming pool is very large, clean, and well maintained. A large, swim-up beach bar is also there with prompt service. The rooms were very clean and maintained that way. We read about problems with musty odors, but did not experience that. We had brought a room deodorizer, but did not need it at all. We did give our maid $2 daily 鈥?I don鈥檛 know if that makes a difference, but she did such a good job and the $2 to her certainly meant more than to me 鈥?this is a very poor country. All the staff were very polite and accommodating. We had been to Punta Cana about 15 months before 鈥?different resort, and therefore had done some of the off property activities. I would recommend the Outback Safari 鈥?which goes into the mountain region and gives you a chance to see more of the countryside. The other good trip is to the Marinarium 鈥?a great marine park with an opportunity to swim with nurse sharks and rays. All and all, it was a great trip 鈥?I do like the RIU properties, but the 鈥減alace鈥?brand is definitely the most elegant and has the most amenities.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ELDL
<Content>Riu Place punta cana Dec 1st to Dec 15th. We have just returned from the Riu palace punta cana and i must say it was the best time we have had we meet some of the best people you could wish to meet when you are away from friends and family. On the hotel we had read some bad reports from other visitors and was not sure we had made the right choice so we went with an open mind.Yes there was a smell in the room but if you turn the AC unit off and just have the over head fan running this seamed to work i also told others about this and it also worked for them.We found the food in all the restaurants to be good and did not here of any others complaining.The service from the waiters was very good and all the staff worked very hard also very friendly with all. The weather was very hot most of the time we had 1 afternoon when rained the only other time it rained was at night.If i was to return to the DR i would go back to the Riu palace punta cana. EL  DL Southampton UK  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mont12
<Content>Incredible place to stay!!! We just returned from 8 nights at the Riu Palace Punta Cana and it was an awesome experience! I was concerned about this hotel before we left because of some of the negative reviews that we read but as I found out, there is no way that anyone can please everyone all the time (or even some of the time) First of all, the hotel was beautiful...The rooms, lobby, restaurants, bars, pool and all of the grounds were very nice. The beach was a great place to hang out, play games, swim or walk for miles and miles. As far as the negativity in some of the reviews goes, any hotel in the Caribbean that has some humidity is going to have some odor. We experienced this in Cancun, Playa del Carmen, Cozumel and Mazatlan among others and could smell it when we got off the plane...bottom line here folks-Dont like the smell, STAY HOME!!! I could not believe the complaints about the food. All of the restaurants were great and if for some reason you cant find anything you like, then the buffets have a nice variety. Here is the one key thing....yes this is an all inclusive and the staff are very friendly and will take good care of you but we gave a one dollar tip for just about everything including every round of drinks, breakfast, lunch and usually five dollars per couple for dinner, and we were treated like kings!!! There were many times that the Europeans (many of them very rude!) were upset with us because they wanted service and the staff were paying attention to our group. We actually had someone tell us that we were wrong for tipping and that we are ruining the integrity of an all inclusive vacation. Our philosophy is that we treat people the way we would like to be treated and for the 60 or so extra dollars we each spent over 8 nights, we were treated like a million dollars!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chpoky
<Content>Riu Palace is the gorgeous hotel We stayed at Riu Palace with our toddler son from November 21 to November 28. Overall experience was above average. The hotel is the most gorgeous we have ever seen,- marble floors, beautiful ceilings with luxury chandeliers, amazing flower arrangements.Hotel staff was friendly and welcoming. They all pay a lot of attention to babies and all wanted to play with them. Beach and sand are the best! Water temperature was so warm that in a cloudy day you didn't want to get out of the water. Pool water was a little cooler which was nice in warmer days. Pool is quite spacious and water is clean. No problems with beach towels but you have to come to a pool area earlier to reserve long chairs. No problem with chairs on the beach though.Rooms - quite spacious but smelly. Candle will help to minimize the smell but we had to wash all our clothes when we got back home. As we traveled with the baby they even provided us with a crib for our son. Room cleaning is good, they changed towels twice a day. Bar supply was good too.Restaurants. Buffet (Don Manuel) food is good but the variety is not great. Lack of fruits. We tried Japanese restaurant (quality is poor), we also tried Luigi, not bad but Sir Oscar we liked the most.Front desk is very helpful even if you don't tip them. When we arrived the check-in process was very fast and in half an hour they called up our room to make sure that we had everything we needed. It was a great trip overall in spite of smelly rooms.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Maggie46
<Content>awesome and appreciated the hospitality that we recieved We have just returned from Riu palace Punta Cana and I am amazed at some of the reviews. This was our first time in Punta Cana . When we arrived we were well recieved and amazed at the beauty of this place. Check in was very quick, and off we went to our room. We noticed how clean everything was. when we got to our room Yes okay it was a bit musty but then again how many of our basements smell the same way in the summer time because of the humidity . This is a very humid area so expect it you dont spend any time in your room other than showering and sleeping and after the first night you do'nt even notice it . Oh by the way they also have smoking in the room so that also adds to it and I am very sensitive to that and the room was fine. We had a little leak on the floor from the bar fridge so I immidiately went down to the lobby and politely and curtiously ask ed if someone could PLEASE come and check it out. Before I made my way up the cleaning staff and the guys were already there and fixed the problem. The room was alway clean and yes we saw an ant but by the way in the summer time we all get them in our own homes also not a big deal. Just think about how much we tip in our own country please tip if you can. I would suggest going on the outback safari excurion its a real wake up call to the real life in Punta Cana. a teachers salary for an entire year is around $325.00 us dollars. There inflation rate is 28% and they make maybe 6-10 dollars per day. putting in 10-12 hrs shifts and sometimes more. It is a great way to really meet the people of punta cana. The staff was terrific polite and alway ready to help all you had to do is be polite back. Which I noticed some people thought for what they paid they deserved royalty. Enjoy the beauty of this beautiful island. Beach is spectacular and yes there is topless sun bath its not as bad as one might think and after a few hrs you don't even notice it anymore. There was such a variety of food to choose from that you never went hungry and alway found fresh. We did try a few thing that were not to our liking but that's just our tast buds, but it was fun to try new thing. Our waiter Especially MARINO was a breath of fresh air and every time he saw us he alway went out of his way. We looked forward to seeing him every day for breakfast and dinner. For us we preferred the buffet because we were able to choose the foods that we wanted and every day there was always something new. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone but remember dominican republic is like a third world country . The most important thing to remember is to be polite when something is wrong and alway say thankyou it goes a long long way. The staff works very long hours and they work very very hard and if by chance they forgot to do something in your room,go down to the lobby personnally or if you see them in the hall way just let them know and without hesitance they will correct it. We will definately go back and stay at the Riu palace Punta cana and this time take our whole family. Oh by the way there is one thing that you will away see SMILES SMILE SMILES and lot of OHLA'S It has been such a joy and an honor to meet such wonderful staff. Thankyou for making our stay such a memory that will last a lifetime.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>KMANZI25
<Content>Never again Just To Let You Know That this was hotel was about the worst I have ever stayed at . My suit cases still smell of mold and mildew that I can not get out so therefore the will need to be replaced All my clothes need to be washed weather i wore them or not as the smell was terrible in them I did not like the topless goings on at the pool they should really have a seprate area for that .Although the staff was nice for the most part none spoke any Engilsh so it was very hard to communicate with them on my part you could not get to the other hotels very easily and we were never told till we got there that you could not go to the other hotels for dinner.The venders as you went down for dinner were very annoying as you could not get away from them And the were over priced they wanted 200. dollars for cigars and we finally got them for 50. so be carfull SORRY TO HAVE TO SAY THIS BUT I WILL NEVER STAY AT A RIU HOTEL AGAIN AND I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANY ONE  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>d1swb
<Content>Very Average Travellers = 4 people between 30 and 37 yrs oldHotellooks grand, nice gardens, loads of space, generally well kept,toilets very clean.Rooms ( we had 2 double suites)1)reasonable size (for standard)2)very limited sea view3)smell musty ( use fabreze, turn off aircon and use the fan to reduce the smell) 4)fridge and optics regularly restocked5)jacuzzi bath didn't work in either room, even after reporting it three times.6)towels regularly changed7) turn down service very irregular and normaly coincided with a tip !!!!8) small ants are always visiblePool and pool bar1) Excellent size, temperature and cleanliness2) clean towels daily, no issues getting them3) staff generally helpful and drinks free flowing4) looking towards the beach use the left side of the pool, Victor and Francesco will look after you well. Very well if you drop them a few $$!!!5)Sun beds reserved by the normal culprits, but never caused us an issue.Sauna , steam room, turkish bath, spa and gym1) all good and not used by many people.2) apx $130 for top massage, the rest f.o.c3) take some olbas oil to give the sauna a little kickFoodBuffet evening (don manuel) = fair choice, quality not great.Buffet lunchtime (la altagracia) = similar to don manuel.Brazilian (la bodega) = walked out part way though when pork ribs arrived uncooked! Other guests had reasonable meals. Italian (luigi) = best by far, ate here 3 times without any issue.Japanese (yokahoma) = visited twice. The first time was excellent ($10 tip). Tried again on a friends birthday. Starter came cold and soggy (tempura). We advised of this and sent them back. 5 mins later the same food arrived still cold, soggy and my wifes came back with a half eaten shrimp on the plate. When we explained the the problem the manager looked as us as if to say, just eat it! Consequently we left this restaurant without eating and feeling very disappointed. Sir Oscar = the flag ship!! Food was ok, first visit required us asking for bread roles for soup(already on all other tables) and cutlery on numerous occasions. 2nd visit i had the goats cheese crustini. Looked ok but had to ask for the goats cheese!!!  Night service = had veggy sandwich which arrived in 20 mins and was well presented and tasted ok.Most people we spoke to had dodgy tummies for a good proportion of their stay. Sports bar1) has most english footy on via setanta sports (no sky)2) snacks ok3) staff good 4) gets very hot ExcursionsWent to saona island, cost $155 each but well worth it.WeddingsVery intrusive by other guests, didn't look that special at the couple we saw. OverviewWe are fortunate as a group of 4 good friends who could see the funny side of any situation and would not let anything ruin our holiday.Don't go here expecting the best, it isn't. It is very average and is very inconsistant.This hotel is all about grand appearance but not a grand quality. Try another hotel brand !!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravelBaby_8
<Content>Not my favorite hotel to stay in We just came back from a trip to Punta Cana and stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana (November 6-13). We were quite disappointed with the rooms. We booked standard rooms, and they were very large and roomy, but also VERY smelly. They smelled musty/moldy and all our clothes smelled of it. The bed linens were damp and awful to sleep in. Other people on our trip had the same problems. Some bought candles and air freshners to try and help, but not much helped When we got back home we had to wash everything - even things that weren't worn - to get rid of the dreadful smell - it was disgusting. The air conditioner in the room didn't work well - thank goodness for the fan. The hotel relies very much on tips.....if you don't tip you get lousy service. I thought tipping was something you did when you were happy with the service....not to get service!Food was average. Looked great but tasted blah......by the end of the week we were glad we were leaving because we wouldn't have been able to stand another week of the food.We were told we could eat at any of the other 4 Riu resorts when were were there, but when we tried to go to other ones for dinner we were refused access. Very disappointing.The beach was beautiful. Ok Hotel but would stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>chioowl2004
<Content>RIU is by far the best Resort in Punta Cana I went to Punta Cana this summer and stayed in RIU Palace and this Resort was amazing. There are 3 other resorts that you can walk to. There is plenty to do there, its like its own city. The staff was so friendly and would bend over backwards to give you the best service, for example at dinner one night the chef made me a spiecal dish. The food was amazing! There were also tour guides at the resort that were very friendly and they give you many different options. The hotel was very elegant and I would go there again. Also, people usually dont tip there but please do because the people that work there work very hard and they only get paid 20 dollars a month there so they depend on a little tip for their families. Use the Miami Vacation Store to book the trip they were great and gave me the best price. Dont book threw the hotel its more expensive.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>declfi42
<Content>Awesome Awesome , How anybody can rate this resort down is beyond me. My wife and I go to Mexico or the Caribbean once or twice a year and found This resort is as good or better than any we have stayed.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shannon8525
<Content>"NOT PERFECT -BUT WELL WORTH IT"       the riu palace punta cana  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sumrluvn
<Content>Coconut Coast-Most beautiful place so far       Gorgeous Lobby- no a/c  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	2	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>islander1967
<Content>Nice Getaway! A group of six girls from work all vacation together and we found this all inclusive on the internet. We went for a long weekend Thursd Oct 23- Sun26. We had a blast! The room s were spacious, clean, some little ants but too few to count. Kept snacks in the fridge. The food was very acceptable. Buffet was surprisingly varied. Choices for dinner were short I suppose because the resort was not full and they werent able to staff all of the restaurant choices which seemed really tick off the English fellow in front of us in the 8am line for dinner reservations. He unnecessarily reemed out the two staffers taking reservations. You can not please everyone!We meet wonderful Germen tourists and enjoyed the entertainment at night! We stayed on site and had plenty of time to shop rest and spa!The beach was great! It was wonderful to be able to swim and walk on the beach.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>12Florida12
<Content>Rooms a nightmare I just came back from a trip to Punta Cana and stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana which is supposed to be a 5 stars hotel. (October 17-30) I was very disappointed. Mind you this hotel is only 2 years old!RoomsWe booked standard rooms. Well let me just tell you that there was a major problem with our rooms, they smelled musty, the bed linens were humid and as time went by my clothes got damp as well. We visited other rooms and they were the same. Now that I am back home I washed my clothes even with fabric softener, my clothes still smell, it is disgusting. My 300 Euros suitcase smells as well, I have emptied half a bottle of febreeze to no avail. Our travel rep was telling us that it was the Caribbean sometimes there is problem with humidity. Please give me a break, I lived in Florida for over 15 years I know all about humidity. I have also travelled to a lot of other places in the Caribbean and I have never experienced such a thing.FoodWell the food was very average. In fact in June 2008 I stayed at the Grand Palladium Palace in Punta Cana where the food was very tasty.BeachGreatWaiters even bring you drinksIt is a nice hotel but due to humidity problems with the rooms, I would not recommend this hotel. If I were to return to Punta Cana, I will for sure go to the Grand Palladium Palace which is only a 4 1/2 stars hotel but at least this hotel does not have humidity problem.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>shireen777
<Content>Nice, but not what we were expecting....... My husband and I just got back from one week at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. We did enjoy our trip, but we also had some problems. Here are some of our likes and dislikes:LIKES:1) Gorgeous hotel  beach.2) Good food3) Nice entertainment for adults (however, I would not have my kids watch it.)4) Nice to be able to visit the adjoining Riu hotels5) Basically good serviceDISLIKES:1) Room did have a slight musty smell.2) There were ants in the bathroom.3) The A/C never seemed to work well.4) Too many rude smokers during dinner.......it would have been better to offer a non-smoking section.5) Topless sunbathing at the pool....not just the beach. Not very family friendly. A few people......just a few....seemed to be exhibitionists and constantly walked around, took showers and chose very visible areas to be topless ALL DAY. In Mexico, this is not allowed in the pool areas of most family hotels.6) Expensive to leave the resort and explore Punta Cana. It cost $36 round trip by taxi to go to a nearby local market. (Plaza Punta Cana). There is no bus system or inexpensive way to get to Playa Cortecito. You basically have to pay the higher tour prices if you want to see anything outside of the hotel. If you stay for only a few days that may be ok, but not if you are there for a week.7) It was very hard to get a towel at the pool area in the afternoon.8) It was also very hard to get a reservation at a specialty restaurant unless you were there at 8am.Overall, we are not complainers and we still had a nice time. We would possibly go there again if the price was right...however, we would immediately ask to change rooms if the A/C did not work or if we saw those ants again! We would not feel comfortable bringing our children there.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	2	3	3	4	

<Author>batfoy
<Content>great place spent 2 weeks at the riu palace punta cana starting 9/10/08 untill 23/10/08 what can i say but SUPERB enjoyed every minute me and the wife was there . the service was first class and the people are so friendly they cant do enough for you and nothing was to much trouble the rooms were comfortable but did have a bit of a musky smell but it did not put me off .The resturant and food was to the highest standard did not try any of the themed resturants because we was happy with the buffet one entertianment was supurb different every night beach and pool area was clean and well maintaned. Would i go back the answer is YES enjoyed every minute  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>salsrug
<Content>Good Price for what we got We stayed for six days, five nights. Overall, we had a very good time. The was pretty good and the staff was very friendly. They definitely do not skimp on the free alcohol. The room was a little smelly, which we had read on trip advisor so we bought a candle with us - no problem. They only thing I had an issue with was the little bugs. They were like gnats or fleas but they weren't either. I had some candy and popcorn which we brought from the States to munch on. I left it out on the table and within 40 minutes, the bag was infested. DO NOT keep any open food in your room. Also we ended up having to wash all of our clothes (clean and dirty) and airing out our luggage when we got home because we could still smell the room on them. For the price we paid, we really did have an excellent time besides those small things. The pool was awesome and the beach was spectacular. Out of the nearby resorts that we saw, Riu Palace Punta Cana was the best (it was also the nicest out of the other Riu's on Punta Cana). We went on the 1/2 day Outback Safari and had a great time. We got coffee and souvenirs cheapers than other places and the hotel. General - not good or bad just things that we noticed - There were a lot of topless sunbathers. The crowd is middle aged (35 - 55) so we were on the younger side and the majority of the people were European or Brazilian. It helps to know some spanish but it's not a necessity.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>travelinsandi
<Content>Another Travel Proffessional Review I just read some reviews that really put down this hotel. I stayed last week, and found it just wonderful. This was my 14th trip to Punta Cana and my second stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. The first visit was when the hotel just opened and I admit it needed some improvement then, however this visit was to a new and much improved Riu Palace Punta Cana!!!Rooms: Our room was just fine, spacious, well appointed...comfy beds, clean and well maintained. We did meet one couple who had to change rooms due to dampness..but their 2nd room was fine...Remember people it is rainy season now (October).Housekeeping: On the spot, early and twice a day..we had more clean towels than we needed, even face clothes.Staff: Friendly, helpful and never hung around for a tip. I had no language problems, they mostly all spoke English, they were even using English to converse with many Europeans. It is not realistic to expect them to speak 5-6 different languages, mostly they know Spanish and English. Exactly how many friends and neighbors do you have that speak more than one language!!!Beach: Simply the best..Food: If you went hungry here, it was your own fault. We went to 3 ala cartes, Italian, Steak House and Oriental and all were just wonderful, good service and food. Buffet had a huge variety every night. Only used room service for coffee in the morning, promp, quick and on time. We used the card to hang on the door at night, except the last morning...we called for coffee at 6 am.and it was in our room (near the beach) by 6:05 a.m.. The room service menu was quite limited, but once we were in our room, we could not have eaten another bite, and there was something for everyone on the menu, and 24 hour snacks in the sports bar...and it is Included..what more can you ask for. Excursions: Did not do any this time, but have in the past and have not been disappointed, especailly with Amstar (Apple Vacations).Flight: Always pleasant and on time with USA 3000 (Apple Vacations)..Arrived early, got to the hotel by 11:15 a.m., promptly given our room, unpacked and on the beach at 12:15!!! Yes they did tell everyone arriving the info at the same time...why repeat yourself 4 or 5 times and make someone wait to get their room. We had welcome drinks, our little overview and were on the way to our room in 10 minutes..that is service if you ask me!We visited other Riu Hotels in the Complex, as we have in the past. This is a great place to stay. When I read some of these complaints, I just have to wonder if there are some people you could never please. I would sell this to my clients, and believe they would come back very satisfied. Go you will have a great time.A travel agent with realistic expectations!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelGoddess77
<Content>Travel Professional Review I was going to put that the stay was terrible but I guess after a week of giving exceptions and making excuses for this resort I still am. The resort it self is the problem, as the destination, the wonderful sun, sand and options for having fun were fine. As a travel professional for over 30 years I may have been expecting too much, but then I will add a few details of items that hit me as not up to par and you can determine for yourself. The company I traveled with rates this hotel a 5 out of 6 to which I was to compare this to other 5 rated hotels. Upon arrival there were 6 of us and we were all lined along the front desk and lectured to by one of the employees as to, 'here is your key, here are your towel cards, fill out the paper and then you go to your room. Yes not a really pleasant beginning.  I wanted to try out the specialtiy restaurants and when I got to my room I called to see if I could do so, as our paper work told us that the resevations could only be made day of meal, and up until 12:00pm, which it was past. I was curtly told on the phone 'run you can catch them', and I couldn't ask fast enough where to 'run to' but finally found an open door and found only one restaurant had room for that night. All their restaurants are not open all nights during your stay, so choose wisely. The room and the first impression was very bad, like others had mentioned a very musty, moldy smell, and damp immediately upon entry. Now even in more moderately rated hotels at least someone would show me where things were. But since my baggage didn't show up for awhile, and he seemed really busy, and just took enough time to stand waiting for a tip....yes, a tip!!! And shortly after I got in the room and found my way around the maid from housekeeping came in and made a swan out of a towel and added flowers, then asked and asked if I liked it, again me reading...do I get a tip? To which I also asked if I could get more pillows and she hesitated, and then said later. The meal that evening was okay, but I noted three other tables who had their orders mixed. And a simple question about, 'what is in this' would not get an answer, so I had to opt to not eat most everything except for the steak because I am allergic to shell fish and no one could tell me if there were any in things or not. This was an issue to come up all through my stay. They evidentally don't believe it is an issue.  The beds are the hardest I have ever experienced, and even with the air conditioning at full bore the room never got cooled off. At times it was cooler to leave the screen open and fan on even in the 90+ degree heat and humidity then have the air conditioning running and not doing anything. There were tears in the furniture, the clock radio didn't work, the mini-fridge never got cold. I asked for different stocked supplies and were never given them. Keep in mind as with many all-inclusives any room service is really limited, but there were only 6 items you could order on their menu, and no deviations.  When I placed the hang tag out for breakfast, one morning it was an hour and a half late, the next an hour late and wrong, and the third on time but incorrect. Again, don't try to deviate from anything on the list as only the basics are available. The lunch and dinner buffett's are nothing too special, the usual fare. I was just a bit surprised that asking for much of anything even just a cappucino after dinner usually got a negative response or if someone did actually go do it they expected some tip, and/or it took forever. The worst food incident was one of my last evenings when I was in one of the specialty restaurants and noted that when I went to the dessert buffett and there on at least three of the desserts were the tiny ants that live everywhere, crawling all over the food. To say the least I didn't eat anything more. If I had been able to approach and address any of these concerns to appropriate management and got anything other than the 'so what' attitude that I did get from them I might have felt less crappy about the place. But my concerns were taken as just 'complaints' and I was indeed 'blown off', even when I attempted to make inquiries as to the fact that I do (or did) sell their location to customers. I guess they don't need the business. Again, I spent the week making excuses for them, I guess I have stopped now. Good luck on your stay, and if you haven't been to other resorts you probably may not note any problems.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>IslandgirlPhila_Pa
<Content>Great property-loved it Iam a travel agent in the US and just came back from the Riu Palace Punta Cana. I can't believe all the bad reviews. I love this property and the people at the hotel.I have been to alot of all-inclusives and this is one of my favorites. When I read the reviews on this sight before I went I was a little concerned, but they were all wrong.Yes, the pool is warm, not hot, I don't like cold water. My bed linens were never dam or wet. The food at Sir Oscars is very good, the only one I did not like was the Brazalian restaurant.Sometimes I think Americans have bad attitudes when traveling and do not treat the people with respect. I find that people usually treat you the way you treat them.I find the people at the Riu Palace to be very friendly, they wait on you hand and foot. The service was outstanding. We had very clean rooms and fresh towels day and night.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>KathiBethelPark_PA
<Content>Not the best trip to Punta Cana I just returned from the Riu Palace Punta Cana and I must say some of the problems I've read are correct. RoomThe standard Jr suite is small. The bed sheets were damp every night. Good luck getting towels. We even had to take towels off of the maids cart so we could have more than 1 towel per person. One day after spending the day at the pool I go back to my room to shower and find I have NO towels and for some reason no TP. I called the Front Desk to get these things sent to my room. I'm still waiting:( I had to find a maid to get them off of her.PoolMaybe 1 day out of 7 the water was cool. The other days it was hot. The water level in the pool was too high for the skimmers to work. So you had a lot of dead bugs floating in the water. Also, the water was cloudy.FoodWe did have dinner at 3 restaurants:Sir OscarWhen we got our food, they placed it in front of us and left. However, there was just 1 little problem. They never gave us utensils. They gave me a butter knife to cut my steak (and this is their gourmet restaurant). After eating there we wished that they never gave us the utensils.LuigiVery good food. No problems:)Grill and SteakhouseThe best. We went there 2 times.BuffetIt was the same thing everyday. And it was not good. On the day of our return flight we got there at 7am (opening time) and the majority of the food was not ready yet. The beacon was only half cooked. The only food that was ready was the room temperature fruits and lunch meats.Front DeskI asked if there was any transportation between the other Riu resorts and was told no. I later found out from another guest that info was not correct. They do have golf carts that go between the other resorts but later in the day.My feeling about this hotel are if you are an American you are over looked. The employees feel over themselves helping the people from Europe.Now this is not my first time to Punta Cana. It's my fifth, but the first at this hotel. The other times I've stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro. I know the families that own the Riu chain and the Iberostar chain are friends. I think it would be best if the family that owned the Riu resorts ask the family that owns the Iberostar resorts how to run a hotel. And how to treat all of their guests. From now on I'm sticking with the Iberostar Bavaro  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>PierceOlscamp
<Content>Great Place, only one Ed-noying person I became a little nervous that I was going to regret spending the Labor Day Weekend in Punta Cana after reading some reviews. I enjoy the good life and actually if there is not a mint on my pillow, i feel like I am ruffing it. Unless your standards and expectations are higher than mine, which I doubt, you will not regret this hotel selection.The beaches are amazing, the Europeans could make you blush, 14 in Punta Cana is is still 14 and the hotel staff is friendly even if Si, is the only Spanish spoken. Drinks go down fast and the food is an 8 out of 10. I recommend the snorkeling and driving the boat after the party in the lagoon.The shows are amateur hour, but honestly, if you want a show, travel to Broad Way.The worst part of the trip was another American who we will call Ed-noying. If you had the unfortunate opportunity of meeting this person, I speak for all Americans when I say, I'm sorry.The hotel is not much of a singles seen, but my friend and I were very fortunate in sharing a ride from the airport with a great family who adopted us. I hope that Diva, Christopher, Renee, Mom and Dad are well.In closing, if relaxation is what your after, you will not have to search any further because this is the place for you.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbuganytime
<Content>Not what we expected We just returned from the Riu Palace early this morning (4am). It was NOT what we were expecting at all. After reading the reviews for the Riu Macco we decided to switch over to the Riu Palace. The main reason for this was that the reviews mentioned that the rooms had a musty smell. Unfortunately, the Palace was no better at all. We arrived late around 10pm and we were given the keys to our room along with the key to the safe and our beach towel cards. Upon opening the door to our room (standard room) the musty smell just about knocked us over. We immediately went to see the front desk to change rooms. The other two rooms we were given had the exact same musty moldy smell. Again we went to the front desk and explained that I couldn't possibly stay in any of those rooms due to my asthma. Being rated a 5.5 star property it was really disappointing. The manager at the front desk seemed to get annoyed that we came back again. He gave us a Superior Jr Suite and said that I would like this one better. Well, surprise surpise... the smell was no different. We decided to stay in the room and not bother with this anymore. I pulled off the bedspreads from the beds (two double) and asked that they remove them from our room. The smell lingered on everything. The maid came in and sprayed the walls with some sort of sanitizer and it lifted the odor for about 1/2 hour. After that I called down and said that we were offered a dehumidifer from one of the other guys at front desk and that we really needed it due to my asthma. The manager told me that the person who delivers it is no longer there (it's a small dehumidifer and can be wheeled in without any real exhaustion). Anyhow, we had to wait for the morning. Needless to say, no one bothered telling us that we were now responsible to empty it out. In the middle of the night my husband stepped in a large amout of water spilling over the bedroom floor. We got up, emptied it out and dried up the floor. It would fill 2.5 buckets of water each day. Enough about that.The food was good. Pretty much the same every night and got a bit boring but the main restaurant (Don Manuel) was very clean in itself. We ate al la cart two nights. One night at the Altagarcia which is the steak house and the other at the Krystal. The steak house was a waste of time since we ended up at the buffet again (wouldn't recommend it). We talked to other couples who agreed. No one that we talked to recommended the Brazilian or the Japanese so we didn't even bother. The only other one suggested was the Krystal - a gourmet a la cart. It was really good and the service very friendly. Had we eaten there earlier during the week we would have gone back again but this was our last night there. The service was okay.. they don't speak much english and it was hard to try to ask for anything that wasn't usual at the table..ie gingerale. Not sure what they brought me but it wasn't ginerale. The wine wasn't that great, the beer watered down. I could go on and on but I'm sure that maybe we were just expecting the 5.5 star service we've received in other places.The beach is beautiful and the pool really well kept. The bartenders at the pool bar were very friendly and the service great. The grounds and the building outside was well kept. The inside was very clean and well kept also. The musty smell is pretty much everywhere. We walked over to the other riu resorts in the area and found that the Bambu was the most lively. As for the entertainment it's the usual resort stuff. Nothing to get excited about.I would not recommend this resort to anyone who has expereienced 5 star service or ammenities.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>ErikDaGenERik
<Content>Great Resort as Usual, but this location was rather Unsatisfactory       Out of clean towels... again...  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	5	2	5	

<Author>GrumpySoandSo
<Content>If it looks too good to be true then it probably is! This was our first time to the DomRep and we were looking forward to a luxury holiday all inclusive holiday as described by the web page. The hotel was classed by Thompson UK as 鈥楢 la carte鈥?and with a 5T rating. Unfortunately the experience didn鈥檛 really live up to the hype. I travel extensively with my work so I think have pretty broad experience of good hotels (and some bad) so can hopefully give a balanced view of the Riu Palace. The flight was pretty good and I was glad I booked the Premium Seats for 9 hour flight. Transfer to the hotel by Taxi was also okay and the journey took about 35mins and gave us an insight into just how poor this island is. Hotel welcome was pleasant and informative after which we set-off for our 鈥榮uite鈥? This is where the first disappointment arrived; the room could hardly be described as a suite. Granted the double bed was huge but the bathroom was nothing special with a tiny bath and a dodgy shower. There was a bed settee in small sitting area leading to a balcony. The bed settee was required for the whole of the stay because my 18 year old son was staying with us and quality of the mattress and therefore the sleep quality very poor. The bed settee was left out all the time therefore the room felt very cramped; we had certainly envisaged something much grander. I have slept in much larger 鈥榦rdinary rooms鈥?all to myself. The balcony was adequate but I didn鈥檛 trust the handrail which was very badly fitted and loose. The sliding patio doors onto the balcony were a terrible fit and difficult to lock which was a bit of a niggle also. The mini-bar was restocked every day but the choice of drinks in there was limited; local beer (which tasted disgusting) water and Pepsi basically. The optics on the wall were kept well stocked with cheap brandy, local rum, gin and vodka. The major room disappointment was the overwhelming stench of damp which frankly knocked you sick on entry and the bed sheets were damp and smelly. I immediately complained and to their credit the sheets were changed and de-humidifier delivered. Thompson Holidays describe the rooms as 鈥楽pecial鈥? a special smell yes, but in any other department? No not really. They promised us a room change if things didn鈥檛 improve. Things did improve gradually and the amount of water removed from the atmosphere by the de-humidifier was extraordinary! I say they improved but now I believe that we just became accustomed to the smell, which was evident in lots of other areas of the hotel. This was confirmed when we returned home and we noticed that all our luggage and clothes wreaked of damp and even the clothes we didn鈥檛 wear needed cleaning. To the credit of the management they did check with us from time to time and we decided to stay put based on the evidence that that all rooms were probably afflicted with a similar problem.Meals were either self service buffet or 鈥榓 la carte鈥?restaurants. The food was plentiful but samey in the self service buffet whether breakfast lunch or dinner. Thompson describe the buffets as 鈥榮umptuous鈥? no way. Quality of food was average with chef stations preparing over-cooked meats and the same sort of fried fish fillets every day. We hoped that seafood would be plentiful varied and well cooked but it wasn鈥檛. Pizza and pasta were okay or adequate but as with all the self service food invariably lukewarm at best and often cold. The usual rotation of leftovers through the fortnight made in onto the mezze/buffet display. The is NO choice of wine other than red white or rose and it鈥檚 just about drinkable as a one-off, but everyday for 2 weeks it pretty dire. The so called champagne (a cheap cava) was just palatable and probably a better choice than the other wines on offer.The 鈥榓 la carte鈥?restaurants were very ordinary with the best definitely being the Italian, with the Spanish La Bodega and Altagracia close behind. Don鈥檛 bother with Sir Oscars and definitely not Yokohama (Japanese restaurant? No way Jos茅). There are 2 sittings in each restaurant, typically 18.30 and 21.00 and this must be booked at 8.30am each morning. Leave it until 8.40 and you won鈥檛 get in to the Italian be warned. The restaurants are just not relaxed and it鈥檚 as though they want to get you out as quickly as possible. The menu choices are limited and remain the same every night (no specials) and the food quality is very average. Seafood choice is also extremely limited. I tried the surf and turf in Altagracia with promise of a lobster tail. There was a lobster tail but it was very small and massively over cooked. Any average British Bistro is miles ahead of anything available here. The have a lot to learn on food quality and presentation. Oh and the wine was just the same in the 鈥榓 la cartes鈥?also; so frustrating.Lunchtime buffet in Altagracia near the beach is the usual bun fight of people stacking their plates as high as possible and then leaving most of it! Self-serve drinks here are from tap dispensers and hardly ever worked properly. There are several speciality food days with Paella by far the best.The main bar off the very grand reception area serves all manner of drinks with a wide choice of cocktails. The spirits and liqueurs are mainly local so don鈥檛 expect a Cointreau or similar if you ask for one, it鈥檒l be a copy and not a very good one! Draft beer is better than the bottled but still pretty awful. There are some brand name products but not many. The coffees are generally pretty foul also having come from a Nescafe automatic dispenser. The exception to this was the breakfast coffees served to each table from flasks; it tasted okay. Forget tea though!!The so called Sportsman鈥檚 bar was for us to be avoided, with a constantly smokey atmosphere and steady American football/Nascar TV everywhere. I tell you what, you don鈥檛 realise just how no-smoking in public areas has improved life in the UK until you come here. The majority of the guests seem to smoke and it鈥檚 hard to escape anywhere; even the beach.The pool area is generally okay until it鈥檚 full of drunken Spaniards (mainly) by mid afternoon. The entertainments staff sees to it that there is never a moments peace either with constant stupid games, salsa dancing, pointless in-pool aerobics and bingo!! Throwing the beanbag through a hole in piece of plywood generated much excitement! I have to say that those taking part seemed to enjoy it, but it鈥檚 not my idea of relaxation. If you like to swim forget it, because the large pool is shallow across its full area (1.2m) and people mostly stand around chatting, drinking and smoking all day. Most of the very few pool umbrellas available are broken so we decided what with the noise and lack of shade to go to the beach.Aah the beach! Definitely the best part of the hotel with nice fine sand lots of shady areas under palm trees and beautiful clean sea to swim in (although not small child friendly be warned). Entertainment abounds here also but you can get away from most of it quite easily. Merengue and Salsa music infuse every minute of every day and drove me bonkers after a while. Pedalos, small sailing catamarans and kayak etc are free also.Evening entertainment is there every night and we found it a little 鈥榟oliday camp鈥?although once again many found it seemingly watchable we found it all a bit too much for 14 nights.If you鈥檝e bothered to read this far you鈥檒l probably guess this was not our favourite holiday ever. You are of course right, but many of the people there seemed to be having a great time drinking, smoking, troughing, salsa-ing and playing inane games. The one thing that held whole holiday together were the staff who were generally kind helpful and seemingly very happy. I was happy to tip them $1 on regular basis for good service and that includes the cleaners who were quick efficient and cheery.I realise that this reports make me sound very pompous, well so be it. Perhaps I am just not suited to all inclusive. It鈥檚 just that the Thompson brochure paints this as a luxury holiday and it鈥檚 not really. In a place like this where you are basically captive for two weeks, you have to go with the flow and for us the 鈥榝low鈥?was in general not to our taste. If you enjoy copious amounts of food and drink and quality is a secondary consideration then this is for you. If you like to relax over good food and nice wine and enjoy local restaurants and bars then go elsewhere. The price of the holiday seemed too good to be true and it was.ONE MANS MEAT IS ANOTHER MANS POISON AS THEY SAY!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>grenner
<Content>Palace was a Relaxing and Lux treat       Our Terrace  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CharterRose
<Content>Relaxing holiday My husband and myself stayed at the Rui Punta Cana for 14 days from the 21st Aug 2008. We have previously stayed at Riu hotels in Mexico, Cuba and the Domican Republic (Riu Merengu) and have visited other Caribean Islands. We felt that the hotel was on par with the other hotels we have stayed in and was what we expected - great, helpful service, very clean, good food, great pool and beach.My husbands highlight was the gym, as an early riser (7 am) he would go and spend an hour in there while I slept. He also appreciated the internet connection in the lobby. If you take your own lap top you can access the internet for free and use skype (far cheaper than phones). It meant we felt in touch with the outside world and could keep an eye on the hurricanes in the area. My husband safely left his computer in a locked case or a drawer in the room.Pool was very clean and the water only to warm on a couple of days. Choice of beds around the pool - could move with the sun. Pool bar good with very attentive waiters - sometimes found them a bit heavy handed with the alchol in the cocktails especially for the middle of day.Beach beautiful with plenty of sunbed if you looked. Enjoyed the enthusiastic pool and beach entertainment.Room did have a musty smell at times but not enough to ruin the holiday and have found this before in the Caribean. Maid kept the room spotless and even provided a turn down service.The food was good but tended to be repetitive at times. There was always a good choice and the trick is to try something different. Did not try the Brasillian resturant but the other speciality ones were good. The waiters consitantly filled your glass and looked affended when you said no.At times the lobby bar got busy and you had to wait for drinks - if you were in a hurry going to the bar yourself was far faster. Had no problem with the bar staff understanding what you wanted to drink - the drinks menu meant you can point to what you want if any confusion.Hurricane Ike caused bad weather for two/three days and there was not a lot to do. But it was fun swimming in the rain and as you can use any hotel in the chain we walked to caribean street stopping at other hotels when it started to rain. If you go in the rainy season you have to expect rain, it is still hot - just make the most of it.A great hotel for couples wanting a quiet, relaxing holiday, not the hotel if you want lots of action.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kristinamasi
<Content>Hotel Was Beautiful, it was geared towards older people       view of beach from hotel  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>ihateboringpeople
<Content>I GUARANTEE THIS IS THE BEST REVIEW(S) YOU WILL EVER READ Ahem.....First of all this place is AWESOME. I don't care if you're 5-100 years old you will have a fun time here. You will NOT have a fun time here if you are a hermit , have no social skills, or are a depressiong person to be around. Now that that's out of the way let me tell you about my experience from beginning to end. I booked this whole trip by myself through the RIU. I had to confirm multiple times that transportation was definitely going to be provided and someone was going to be at the airport to pick me up. I was told that someone with a red sign and a blue shirt was going to be at the airport to take me to the hotel....not so much. Upon arrival I waited and waited and there was no red sign nor blue shirt anywhere to be found. So out of no where I see this little red sign that was attached to the information kiosk. If they made it any smaller it could be classified as a microorganism, Anyway, I finally got a hold of the proper personnel. Then they escorted my to the shuttle where I was told I would be waiting for another party (family) to arrive. At this point I needed a $5 corona at the airport because I had been waiting for over an hour at this point. Continually, as I'm sitting and sweating my ass off in this makeshift shutlle I'm still waiting and waiting. Mind you the taxi cab drive ris no where to be found. At this point I was 2 seconds away from putting it in 1st gear and peeling out of there. One thing stopped me- I obviosuly had to GPS and didn't want to wind up at the 'Welcome to Haiti' sign. So an hour and a half goes by and finally the other party (family) arrives. They are all smiles and the look on my face is like it's about damn time. My friend who I went with was not as contempt as I was, but was all worth it and you'll see why when you read later. So as we arrive we couldn't check in because the room wasn't ready, but the nice waitress kept bringing me drinks as I was trying to check in for some reason. So I have to wait (again) to check in and decide to take myself to the bar in the lobby to enjoy my all inclusive drinking. I had the drink with the family since they couldn't check in either , but (Diva) who you will read about later go to go check in early somehow. Upon finally checking into the room I'm ready to jump in the water. I didn't really even check out the room I was so hyped to finally start my vacation. On my way to the water I encounter many subpar female (upper parts) you know who you are you Euro-ladies. I guess the Euro's have no shame, but we have to draw the line somewhere. I would recommend if you bring a young child here to make sure they wear blinders because they will be scarred for life if they saw what I saw. Anyway, its about dinner time and unless you eat at the buffet you have to make reservations at one of the restaurants. Note that you must make reservations early or you may not be able to eat where you want that night. I'm no Sushi fan, but the word on the streeet says that it's not the best place to eat there. I'd recommened La Bodega or the gourmet restaurant. Now its nightlife time of day one of my epic adventure to Punta Cana. The 1st night they put on a show which was decent, but you know you're not paying for a Broadway production so make it fun whoever you with and enjoy the moment. you're in Punta Cana for sakes- it could be worse!. I wake up the next day after about 2 hours of sleep and massive dehydration and head to the breakfast buffet (with my new Mom Dad and brother- a part of the family that I've been tellling you about). Immediately after scarfing down some watered down eggs I head to the pool and begin working on my oh so needed tan- those of you know me will think that's comical. So I'm in the pool having a good time meeting new people from different countries and states. Oh please note that if you not meet at least one person here you have severe interaction problems and there's no way you should be on vacation. Now back to my story. I'm still in the pool wandering around spilling beers and who knows what else they gave me in my drinks in the pool, but with the smile on my face I could really care less. Now it's off to play beach volleyball!. That was hot. If you don't hydrate yourself you might be in for a world of pain and or passout. Lets continue to the nightlife-not much of one. The only 'club' on the property is Pacha. If you like hanging out with locals then this is the place to go. If not then you better have a contingency plan quick because there's not to much else to do. There is another club, but it's about 15 minutes by taxi away. Now it's the next day i do the whole buffet breakfast and I'm right back on my lounge chair by the pool people watching and hanging out with my new family. An excursion representative approaches us and we decide to go on a snorkling trip the next day. Diva was a little reluctant to go becuase of motion sickness,but after asking and asking and asking ultimate convinicing she finally decided to go. At night, we decided to stay local and enjoy karakoke where the previous night's performance was. It was medoicre at best duet o people singing songs in different lauguages it makes for interesting entertainment. Opps I almost forgot do not go to the casino- it's a joke a you will lose. If you're use to USA rules they don't exist here. Now it's the next day same thing (pool, beach, people watching, and eating etc). Now we're all off to snorkling having a blast. Saw the coral reef some dolphins and drank in the water with more people from other party boats. Needless to say it was a blast and I would I highly recommend on an excursion of some sort .Honestly i don't even know what I'm rambling about this is suppose to be about the hotel and I'm telling you about my vacation. There will be another review, but unfortunately I have to go out for the night. All in all I'd stay here although i barely saw the room and didn't sleep much. More reviews titled 'I GUARANTEE THIS IS THE BEST REVIEW(S) YOU WILL EVER READ' are soon to follow.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>XNYERWashDC
<Content>Get ALL your facts up front!!! Stayed here 8/9-8/16...Resort only 2 yrs old, my room was clean, but others had serious complaints...lots of relocating to other rooms. Food mediocre at best, don't expect much..best meal was breakfast buffet. wine lovers will suffer, ALL the wine served is severely watered down and awful!! They can do themselves a great service by presenting premium wines with meals for a fee, most would pay, I'm sure. Pool is 200,000 gallon hot tub without the bubbles, water temp never below 92^!! Beach is beautiful and water is refreshing.Trip to Saona Island is TOO LONG!!! 11 hour day for $90. but takes 4 1/2 hrs to get there and 4 1/2 hrs back!! Beach there is heavenly but kills entire day for 2 hrs with BBQ lunch!! Specialty restaurants were overall so-so. My opinion was Brazilian steakhouse was best, Japanese was the worst!! Overall I'd give it 3.5/5.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>camavcade
<Content>We loved it!! My husband and i went here for a four night/5 day stay and we had a great time--Was a little nervous because of some of the previous reviews but i have to tell you we were pleasantly surprised. First of all the lobby and all the grounds itself are beautiful. We have stayed at Sandals before in St Lucia and this place was much cheaper but i thought better. We had an awesome room--jr suite with jacuzzi--it was room 2123--right at end so had awesome view of pool and ocean--large balcony that wrapped around since was on the corner--large room that was always cleaned and always had enough towels--the only complaint would be the musty smell--did bring a glade plug in--but for this room should have brought 2 of them--by 2nd day we really did not smell it anymore --maybe just immune to it but when we got home--everything in suitcase does smell like it so everything must be washed. Food was average--breakfast is best--large buffet and something for everyone--we really never ate lunch since ate large breakfast and for dinner we only did 3 of the restaurants--the Italian, brazilian and steakhouse--Out of the 3 would have to say the brazilian was the best--Italian was good but not Italian like we know it-NJ/NY italian food--but have to remember in DR so that is why i was not disappointed--Pool is warm, the round pool before the main pool is cooler, great service around the pool--We tipped one or the waiters the first day and he remember us each day and we didn't even have to ask for drinks--he was awesome--Make sure to bring plenty of ones with you for tips---You do have to make reservations each morning but line moves quick and really where do you have to go--it is not like you are in a rush --you are on vacation--no big deal-We just wanted a relaxing trip away from our 3 little kids--If you are looking for a big nightlife this may not be the place--I know there is a disco but we never made it there--We are in our late 30's but there was a pretty good range of ages there--some honeymooners, some families, some older than us, a lot of Canadians, some US, mostly Europeans-- We would definitely go back, beautiful beach, super friendly staff, definitely worth it and remember everyone is different and will have a different experience--We highly recommend it--  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>heathergreg
<Content>Loved the Riu Pros:--Beautiful beaches--Wide variety of food (those who disagree are overly demanding in my opinion)--Brazilian restaurant was awesome- tons of different meats--All-inclusive so you don't feel like you're spending a ton more money once you're there--water sports easily accessible on the beach (though I got motion-sick parasailing)--Room service is free and included, but limited variety--easy access to other Riu resorts--bar right by the pool and beaches--rooms were always clean --not too many annoying children around--shopping nearbyCons:--sticky bedsheets that never get dry--they claim to use bottled water at restaurants but make sure you pack some imodium just in case--the AC didn't work for one of our friend's rooms and it took several days before the resort gave them a room with working AC--limited nightlife/ nighttime entertainment--European women who insist on exposing themselves--men in speedos--only two kinds of beer available  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Juarez
<Content>Nice Hotel and Beach We stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana 07/26/08-08/09/08 with a group of seven, in four separate rooms. Airport arrival was as noted in previous posts. Have $10.00 per person on hand for immigration fee. Porters are fairly aggressive. If you aren鈥檛 careful your bags may be picked up by more than one. Airport transport to Riu was about 25 minutes.Complex of Riu hotels are within a gated property which is nicely maintained. They have a thing for speed bumps within the complex. Riu Palace property is very nice in appearance (as pictured on their web site). Check in was straight forward. We had superior suites with courtyard views and as we had arrived early in the day and there appeared to be a number of unoccupied rooms, we requested a room change to a higher level. Reymundo at the front desk accommodated us. Rooms with 2000 or 3000 series numbers are on the top floors and have better views.Rooms were nicely appointed and clean. Musty smell was evident in all four rooms, but not over the top. Took advice from an earlier post and brought a Glade freshener which helped a bit. Keeping the air conditioning on 100% of the time and the sliding glass doors closed helps reduce the humidity and smell. Tipped the maid 100 DR pesos a day ($3.00US) and she did a great job of creative towel art and taking note of our typical schedule so the room was always ready for our afternoon siesta.The grounds were well maintained and personnel always cleaning or working to keep it so. Plenty of room in the pool, but it was a bit warm considering the 85-90F daily temps. The ocean was much more refreshing. Bring sandals as the pool deck heats up. Grab towels and beach chairs by 9:00am, otherwise they may run out. Some people showed up to the beach after noon and had to lay towels in the sand. The other hotels are worth visiting and there is a paved pathway, parallel to the beach, connecting the Riu Bamboo and Macau. Plenty of shops along Caribbean Street, near the Macau. Riu Palace guests can eat or drink at the other hotels and we stopped at a couple of the beach bars for drinks.The food was fine. Not sure what the real problem on previous posts is all about. Always something good for any meal and plenty of selection at the buffets. Fresh fruit, juice, pastries, omelet station for breakfast. Pizza, sandwiches, fresh salads and hamburgers for lunch. Soups, salads, fish, chicken, pork, vegetable dishes and plenty of desserts for dinner. Beef was available, but is not a specialty in the islands. There were also Caribbean and European twists to some of the food items which made the meals more interesting than the standard US fare. Plenty of places to hang out for drinks. Sports bar, lobby bar, open air courtyard bar and the pool bar. Tip the bartenders/waitresses and it doesn鈥檛 take long for them to remember what you drink and how you want it. They will fix you anything you want. Saul at the pool bar and Kennedy at the beach, did a great job.We wanted to shop a bit and the front desk lined up a taxi to one of the Plaza鈥檚. Don鈥檛 recall which plaza, but Steve鈥檚 Corner bar is located there. The taxi was about $12.00 and we asked the cabby to come back in a few hours. He did so. There were plenty of shops with interesting items you don鈥檛 see on the hotel grounds. Vendors can be pushy and some of our group had to learn to just say no thank you, otherwise they would be stuck in that shop. Don鈥檛 be shy about negotiating. Every one of the shops came off their starting price by 40-50% on jewelry, carvings, paintings, etc. Stop in at Steve鈥檚 bar for a cold one to cool off and watch the people.We also wanted to see the capital city and asked Reymundo at the front desk about going to Santa Domingo, which is supposed to be the oldest city in the New World. He lined up a van and driver for 7 persons, which gave us the flexibility we wanted over a similar bus tour. Cost was $300.00 for all day. Other tours along the way, tour guides and lunch added $200.00. This is about a 3-hour drive each way, so be prepared and start early. We left at 6:00am and returned at 7:00pm. If you are interested in history it鈥檚 worth the trip to see the old city within the original fort walls, the three eyes cavern and the Columbus light house. Miscellaneous: Vendor鈥檚 set up in the hotel courtyard every evening. Again, don鈥檛 be shy about negotiating. One cigar vendor started at $125.00 for a box of 25 DR cigars and it didn鈥檛 take long to get to $50.00. Doubted they were the real deal, so I passed. The on-site casino is located at the Macau, which is a short walk, or there is a golf cart transport every 15 minutes from the front lobby. The casino isn鈥檛 much to write home about. If you need internet access, the Sports Bar has 6-7 terminals and you can buy an access code with 25 minutes for $5.00. Be sure and click on the STOP icon at the top of the screen when done and then you can reuse your access code with any remaining unused minutes. Overall, the hotel and beach were very nice; the people warm and friendly. You won鈥檛 find everything exactly like at home, but that鈥檚 one of the reasons to travel anyway. Enjoy.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tebiii
<Content>Not as bad as most of the reviews say       Gardens  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravelPro65
<Content>Not a 5 STAR Hotel We just came back from the RIU Palace Punta Cana. We stayed at the hotel July 21-28, 2008. The hotel was mostly sold out as it is high season for South American tourists and for European tourists. The hotel is spectacular to look at, however, the only 5 STAR thing about the property is the beauty of the lobby. We booked thru Sunquest and felt that the property was misrepresented. My husband owns restaurants and felt that the food was not at a 5 STAR standard. We rated the food 5 out of 10. Every morning between 8am - 11am you had to line up outside the Italian restaurant and put in your reservation at one of the 5 restaurants for the evening. You could not book in advance. Secondly, the property was chosen as a 'favourite' for families with young children. Unfortunately, there is NO SUPERVISED CHILDREN'S ACTIVITIES, NO KIDS CLUB, a small tiny pool for children, which bakes in the sun with no shade. The parents had to be with their children at all times. This is not 5 star quality. Furthermore, both the main pool of the hotel and the children's pool was EXTREMELY HOT. We think this is because the spill over spas and the pool plumbing are linked together. With an average temp of 32celcius....a cool refreshing pool would have been nice. The pool temperature was as hot as our hot tub at home @ 95 degrees. This is not 5 star quality. The other RIU hotels, Macao, Bambu etc... did not have this problem. The beach was nice however, there are not enough loungers and absolutely no shade on the beach. The few palm trees that are there are reserved very early in the morning. There are no umbrellas nor huts on the beach to shade yourself. This is not 5 star quality. Drink service on the beach is very poor. You had to walk back to the resort to get your drinks and bring them to the beach. The ocean water was warm, however it was not crystal clear....all the sand was clouding it. The entertainment was very poor for a 5 star resort. There are no Las Vegas style shows but instead a very poorly orchestrated animation staff. The resort is not for people with children as there is nothing for the kids to do. The animation staff only entertained the spanish speaking children for about 30 mins prior to the main show. There is no disco either for young people. This resort is for older people who do not want a lot of excitement and are seeking a quiet time, relaxing, and going to bed early. I do not recommend it for families w/ children or for honeymooners because it is extremely quiet and boring. We booked a standard room. It was clean however, it was extremely damp. All the bedsheets felt wet. Our bathing suits took 2 days to dry on the balcony in the sun. It was extremely humid outside as well....especially at night. No mosquitos, though. The main thing that bothered me about the rooms is that for a family of 4, they gave us only 1 king bed and 1 pull out couch for the kids which was extremely uncomfortable because of the springs in the mattress. When I requested two beds they said none were available even though we had booked 3 mos in advance. A true 5 star property would not make such a crucial error when there are 4 people on a file. We spoke with other Canadian and American couples and everybody concurred that the property was grossly over-rated. As I mentioned earlier, the only thing 5 star about the place is the beauty of the lobby. However, you don't live in the lobby.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>ibew257
<Content>The SAD truth:( Before I get started, it seems appropriate to give a little bio of myself. I am 26 and traveled to the Riu with my 30 year old husband. We are very down to earth people, and honestly not hard to please. I like most foods except spinach and homeny (whatever the hell that is). We have traveled around quite a bit and went to the Sun Palace in Cancun last year for our Honeymoon (WONDERFUL RESORT, by the way.) Like many others I read hundreds, maybe thousands of reviews before booking this hotel. I convinced myself that even though there were a few bad reviews, that it couldn't be that bad. One word of advise-trust the comments. In this case, they were true. Okay, now here is the scoop.ARRIVAL: We had our FIRST red flag at the airport. The 10$ ticket to walk 5 ft. and give it someone is a huge joke. A nice little welcome. There was a little band playing to welcome us to the Domenican. I enjoyed this, up until the guys playing literally kicked their hat at me to give them a tip. I was extremely irritated and would have been glad to tip had I not been begged to do so forcefully. The ride was around 40 min to get to the hotel. It is quite a shock to see the way the civilians live. We checked in at the front desk and were told the rooms were not cleaned yet to go have a nice lunch (i will go into this later). We were told to report back at 2, which we did. Guess what, still no room. At about 4 we finally got to our room. ROOMS: The room was nice but did smell a bit funny. We had expected to this from other trip advisor notes, so was not a big deal. The room was stocked with beverages and several bottles of straight alcohol.YUM!RESERVATIONS: Okay, this was completely annoying. You have to wake up and be waiting outside to make dinner reservations at 8:30. Oh sure, you can wait until later, but do not expect to get one. Oh and one more thing, 8:30 usually means around 9. This process sucks because who really wants to get up early when you are on vacation. You can avoid this and eat dinner at the buffet each night. Actually, I may recommend this. I thought it was going to be so much fun to try the different places to eat, until almost everynight I left there about as hungry as when I got there. The only place we actually enjoyed was the Japanese place. The beef was not bad. We hated the other ones. Tried everything, but was not satisfied. I recommend eating as much as possible at breakfast, because this was by far our favorite meal of the day. I am pretty sure I survived on french fries and pancakes. Oh, and the 3 dollar candy bar from the gift shop. The food was a complete let down to sum this up. It was for sure more geared for Europeans, not Americans. Almost everynight, I had some stomach issues. My husband was convinced it was just too much bubbly champagne, until I had the same problems when I wasn't even drinking it.DRINKS: Okay, this is an important part of a trip right? Well, I tried about 10 different types of mixed drinks. Im talking very basic drinks (mud slides, banana daquiri, strawberry margaritas, bloody marys) but they tasted nothing like we knew them to. The fruity drinks were being made with some sort of mix that was sooo sweet, I felt I would get sick if I had more than a few sips. The beer was pretty average so we had a few, but if it wouldn't have been for the champagne, it may have been a very sober trip...and I LIKE to drink. ROOM SERVICE: If you want to take part in this, make sure you order whatever you are wanting about 45 min early. This can take some time. We had champagne ordered to our room about everynite. The food, well I ordered once, and once only. After a night of serious drinking, I was a little hungry so I ordered a sandwich with bacon only on toast. I recieved some warm bread with lunch meat. The lunch meat is not like ours. What I believed to be turkey, was not turkey. Still not sure.BEACH: The only thing I cannot say anything bad about. Maybe even the best beach I have been to. The water was great and free of jellyfish, HOORAY!!!! There were tons of palm trees on the beach so if you got hot from laying out, just pull your little lounger out of the sun and into the shade. Very nice!EXCURSION: We decided to do the Marinarium tour. It was a half day, which is great. This also included drinks. You go on a boat and first you snorkel in an amazing reef. Next, its off to swim with the sharks and sting rays. I was a little skeptical at first, but once I saw kids taking part, I was able to conquer my fear and partake in the swim. This was one of the most amazing things I have ever done. I would recommend doing this if you like a little adventure.SHOPPING: Yeah, not so much. Just your basic little shops with tourist stuff. Shot glasses and t-shirts, all a bit over priced. TIPPING: We tipped when we felt like someone really went out of their way to do something. NIGHTLY SHOWS: Now don't go expecting no Celine Dion in Vegas or you will be disappointed. Okay, this wasn't too bad. For the most part these dancers are amazing. Some of it was a little much and we got a little bored with it by the end of the trip. OVERALL: We truly tried to make the best of this trip and not be debbie downers. Sometimes, that became hard. We have made the decision not do the Domenican again and to stay at smaller resorts with no children. We did meet some great people and this made the trip well worth it. I was excited to get home and actually eat some real food though. Good experience I guess, but not worth the money.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>crazydevil1105`
<Content>A Riu fan but I'm iffy about this one!       courtyard  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>joelona
<Content>Wonderful Customer Service We stayed 5 nights at the Riu Palace Punta Cana and can truly say it is absolutely gorgeous with outstanding customer service. The lobby has the wow-factor and it only gets better from there. Everyone who works here goes out of their way to say hello - and with a smile. We would get a drink and were immediately asked if we wanted another...and they had plenty of alcohol in them. During dinner at both the buffet and the ala carte restaurants, the servers were constantly refilling our wine glasses and if you did not want the wine they would go get you whatever you wanted. (We loved Joel at the Don Manuel buffet) We ate at the Steakhouse, Gourmet and the Italian, we personally liked the Italian the best, since they had a nice selection at the antipasta/salad bar to enjoy prior to your meal. We never had a problem making a reservation for dinner. We actually would wait for the line to get small then go in a make our reservation. I think people panic and feel the need to be first in line. We chose the second seatings for our dinner reservations at the ala carte restaurants, since we like to have pre-dinner cocktails. We would sit at the outdoor tables in the plaza and listen to the live band/singers. This was very enjoyable. But I do have one slight complaint. Right next to this area is the theatre. The large doors are left open so when the show starts people sitting at the outside tables may also see the show. During our time enjoying our pre-dinner cocktails - the theatre also has music for children playing and an employee is singing and dancing with kids on this stage. This tends to clash with the adult music we were trying to enjoy outside. I feel this type of child activity needs to take place during the afternoon hours and not when adults are trying to listen to a wonderful band. Our room was very cool with minimal smell (I did bring an air freshner as a precaution). This was not a problem for us. This smell cannot be helped, it is a very warm, humid tropical climate. Evening turn down service with fresh towels was a nice touch also.One more thing I should mention - for a hotel that is only 2 years old, I did find it outdated that you are given 1 key to your room (which has your room # on it) vs. the key cards which hotels have now converted to for saftey reasons. The in-room safe also has a manual key vs. a computerized key pad. So be prepared to carry 2 keys during your stay.Overall - I would absolutely stay here again - it exceeded our expectations!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PhillyStyle9909
<Content>BYOB your own food... or make it easy and don't go! To best utilize my review I have to tell you a little about myself. I found that when researching the Riu Palace Punta Cana I found positive reviews, but I may have been unlike the previous guests. I am a 22 year old female from the Philadelphia area. I traveled to Punta Cana with my boyfriend of 2 years, a 30 year old from Philadelphia. We are both well traveled, have spent much time in Europe, been all over the U.S. and this was both of our 2nd trip to the Carribean. As far as hotels, food, etc... I typically stay at a 3-4 star hotel when I travel, a Marriot, Sheraton, etc. I typically eat at non-chain restaurants, 3-4 star BYOBs, bistros, pubs, etc. I am not a food snob, you can catch me eating Applebees and wings at the local pub too. If this sounds like you then definitely take this review into consideration...Arrival: Our bags came through quickly... retrieving them was a bit chaotic because airport employees were trying to grab bags and offer to carry them for you (which we did not want). After we had our bags in hand we headed to get on the bus to Riu. BEWARE taxi drivers will try and persuade you to get a ride with them (which to and from Riu Palace Punta Cana costs $40). But Riu provides you with free transportation... find Riu or your travel agent company and they will escort you to your free transportation. Make sure you don't go with other transportation, we literally had to grab our bags out of a man's hands because he wouldn't let us go to our free bus.Hotel Arrival: After a 35 minute bus ride we arrived to the beautiful Palace Punta Cana. Rosemary at the front desk was wonderful! She gave us all of the information we would need for our stay and they bell man took our bags to our room. Our first room was not clean when we arrived so we immediately went to the front desk and they gave us a room with the same view (pool  fountains) but even closer to the beach and pool. We weren't upset about this because stuff happens and they were immediately accommodating.Our room: We were in the last hall of the third floor with a beautiful view of the fountains, la plaza, the pool, and the beach. The room was very clean, cool, and large. The lighting is very poor. There is maybe 1-2 TV stations in English. And the worst thing for us... although the last hall of each floor has the best views  is closest to the beach, it is also the most enclosed. So every morning we were woken up constantly between 6 and 9 with the echoes of slamming doors, shoes clicking, children yelling, people talking, etc. The Beach: The beach was BEAUTIFUL!! There are very nice loungers and there are plenty of palm trees so you can always pull your lounger into the shade if you need too. But make sure you get down there before 11 because the beach gets crowded and the loungers become more difficult to find. Although they advertise they have beach servers, there are not many of them, so either order 2 drinks at a time or walk to the pool bar. But these guys work very hard (thanks Juan!) so make sure you take care of them! Other beach notes... you will occasionally see police patrolling to keep out the locals, there are a variety of topless sunbathers (woman of all ages), and there are plenty of water sports right on the beach: banana boat rides, windsurfing, kayaks, etc. We did not do any water sports or excursions, but make sure you go through Riu or one of the travel concierges at the resort... don't go with the locals.The Pool: The pool area was large. Unlike most reviews I read, I found that there were plenty of loungers. The water in the pool was not cool at all. It was warm and not very refreshing. The water was clean (pool was shocked every night) but there was many bugs and they occasional straw floating by. The pool closed at 7... which is early, but it never personally affected our schedule. But who knows, if the pool was open till 10 we probably would have went in after dinner. The pool swim up bar was convenient and a fun thing to do, but there were not many seats. Octavio was great at the bar, he definitely took care of us!The People: The satff was great and very friendly. The guests ranged from couples in their 20's and 30's and families. Not many singles or retirees.** All the above made Riu Palace Punta Cana great... there were a few things we weren't crazy about, but none of which we would have complained about or let ruin our vacation. But the food was unbelievably bad and nearly ruined our vacation. Everyday you need to make a reservation every morning to eat at one of the 5 restaurants (Italian, Brazilian, Gourmet, Japanese, or Steakhouse) unless the buffet interests you (see below). You can make the reservations at the Italian Restaurant starting at 8:30am (until 12... or so they say). I would recommend getting there at 8:15 because the line starts and the reservations book up with in 20 minutes or so. But then again you could be fine going some days at 9 because some days I had to wait until 9 for them to even open. This was incredibly annoying as I could have still been in bed sleeping. There has to be a better way to make these reservations!Breakfast: This was my favorite meal (and trust me, that doesn't say much!!). They had a wide variety of unappealing choices: fish  meats that you could not identify, very runny scrambled eggs, lunch meats, salads, unidentifiable fruit, fruit drinks, and bitter coffee. My safe recommendations: muffins, croissants, pancakes, and occasionally the bacon.Lunch: There were two lunch buffets. The first started from 11-3 by the pool. This was the worse of the two. The choices were limited: pizza with tuna or corn or some other odd topping (no plain pizza!), hamburgers and hot dogs with very poor taste (did not taste like very good meat), pasta (the only food I ate), shrimp (which is not de-veined so make sure you take the vein out!) and more random fish  meat products. Also a salad  dessert bar which we did not go near. The other restaurant was in the same location where the breakfast and dinner buffet is. The pain about this is, it is farther away from the beach/pool and you have to be in dry shorts  t-shirts (no bathing suits!!) to have lunch. Plus it is only open from 1-3. The selection was only slightly larger but the food looked more appealing but had essentially the same taste as the food at the other lunch buffet. Dinner: The buffet was an expansion of that from lunch. Had some more meat  fish selections, but none of which were tasty. Stuck to pasta the one night we went to the buffet. Sir Oscar Gourmet restaurant: the tapas was sour, the fish tasted un-fresh, and the filet was a very poor cut of meat. I love filet mignon and this was by far the worst cut I had ever had. Japanese: the tempura was ok... a little soggy. Again the fish looked/tasted as if it was a day away from expiration. The beef looked/tasted like pot roast, but was at least chewable, even the rice was bad (mushy)! Steakhouse: We didn't even make it, but heard it was not good. Brazilian: The chicken was one of the tastier things we ate at the resort. The pork was inedible simply for the fact that out of the 4 people sitting at our table, not one person could find a piece without fat and bone. The filet again was terrible and unflavored. The potatoes were one of my favorite things I ate at the resort. BUT don't get too excited because after I ate at this restaurant, I spent the rest of the night vomiting. (You are getting the real truth here!!) Luigi's the Italian Place was our favorite: fill up at the tapas bar because the portions aren't large. But both the risotto and sea bass were tasty and edible.It probably doesn't seem like the food was that bad but by the end of the week (after some bad room service... stay away from the chicken ceasar salad) we could no longer eat the food because we were taking turns on our toilet and eating doritos from the gift shop because we could not stomach anything else. We had 2 full days ruined because we both ended up with some sort of stomach issue. To sum it up... it was beautiful and cleaner than expected, but the food literally ruined our trip! Thank god we made friends (Hey to M  A!!!) but they had the same exact feeling as us about the food.... I would never go back!I know this was long but I hope it was helpful... cancel Punta Cana and head to somewhere with a better economy... maybe Mexico or St. Thomas! I know at least 2 people from Philadelphia and 2 people from St. Louis wish they would have read this before going... but then again we never would have had so much fun with champagne in the spa!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>sblueAlabama
<Content>Pretty hotel This hotel is very nice and new. I read the reviews before and they were pretty much right on but you do get what you pay for. It was very clean, neat, and we got the wrong room the first night and then they graciously changed us. The food was good. We only went to one restaurant but the buffet was the best. I was sick when i got home but thinks its cause I ate too much salad. We went off the resort and it was safe and fun. Went deep sea fishing and to the beach and markets. The beach in front was great too. Real wide! I think I will try a different resort next time only b/c we have stayed here a few times and want to try something new. Preferably without kids. We are young and would like to not have as many there.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>thorntonLancashire
<Content>absolutely amazing! This hotel is fantastic. Everything about it is just stunning.. It is by far the nicest and the best out of all the Riu's. You can use the other hotels for snacks and drinks but we never did once, as we had everything we needed right here. Some rooms are mustier than others but that really cant be helped due to the high levels of humidity. Just take a little glade candle and light it when in your room and its fine. We had a senior suite.. oh my word it was gorgeous. The maids are so thorough when they clean your room every day and produce lovely towel art. The staff all work so hard, and are lovely! Cesarin at the pool bar waited on us hand and foot during the day, he really stood out to us, so he got a tip at the end of our hol! Some staff speak better english than others, but its not a problem, and you get to learn and pick up a few spanish phrases, so its all good! A la cartes are yum! The brazillian is an experience! lots of meat! The Japanese, Sir Oscars and the Italian were by far the nicest! Buffets are gorgeous too, so much variety! Pool is beautiful.. Weather gorgeous every day!The animation team work hard and it was nice to chill out in the evening watching the different shows. the waitors and waitresses constantly come over to ask for drinks. They carry a tray with one hand with up to 10 drinks on it, without spilling a drop.. skill!  They finish at 11, and by that time, we were pretty much ready for bed. after a day in the heat and all the eating and drinking, you get worn out! Standards are kept very high here and the director, Mario is always walking about, working hard, keeping the staff on their toes! He is a lovely guy.We tipped the room maid and certain staff that really stood out..My boyfriend proposed there and we had balloons put around the bed and i receieved a lovely bouqet of flowers. They really made it magical!! The ice is fine to have.. its all made from bottled water.. Drinks are not watered down..There is nothing bad to say! We loved it!There was a powercut on the last night due to the weather.. It was on and off for an hour! But it was great fun and exciting!Enjoy, you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azul867
<Content>so relaxing and so nice!       Riu Palace Punta Cana  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bklyn82
<Content>Riu Review After reading all of the reviews on TripAdvisor I was in a complete panic about our trip to RIU Palace. I am happy to report that I had panicked over NOTHING! The resort is absolutely beautiful. We stayed at the RIU Palace from July 23-28.Our rooms did have a humid feeling. Bring a glade plug-in, this is nothing that will ruin your vacation. Although I will tell you that when we got back home, the scent was veryy noticeable. Once again nothing that I would cancel a vacation over. Remember you are in the Carribbean. The food was OK. None of us got sick. There are more than enough restaurants to try out so you can find one that you like, and if you dont, leave the restaurant and just go to the buffett. Not a big deal! We preferred Luigis, its just a matter of personal preference. You do have to get up about 8am to make your reservations. Its not a beauty contest, go in your pajamas and then go back to bed if its a problem. I will tell you not to drink the water. They supply water to brush your teeth and for whatever else you want to do with it. There were no problems with the shower water. It did fluctuate from hot to cold every now and again, just pretend your back at home and someone flushed the toilet. The water pressure was fine. I will agree with the other reviewers that there is a lack of nightlife. So, if your the party type who wants to stay out late and live it up. This is not the place for you. There is a casino at the next hotel (which is about a 5 minute trolley ride away). However, there is no air conditioner and you have to pay for your own drinks. Sooo... we didnt stay there long. As for the drinks, you have to ask for the type of liquor you want. Which can be difficult since no one seems to speak english. I recommend not speaking in sentences, just say the words, stoli y 7-up. Quick, easy and to the point. Find a waiter, tip him $3 and he be yours all day!The pool was clean, there were no fights over any beach chairs, nor did I have to wake up at 7am to find one. There were more than enough chairs available when we arrived.Overall, our stay at the RIU Palace Punta Cana was a nice relaxing week away. And now that we are home, we wish we were sitting back on that beach!As far as the Punta Cana Airport, yes you did have to pay $10 per person to get into the country. Why? I have no idea, considering you had the $10 Tourist Card in your hand for about 3 minutes, then they take it back, very strange. It has nothing to do with the resort. Just a policy of the country. Whatever!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BIGGSK
<Content>Fantastic Holiday This is a truly fantastic hotel .The name Palace sums it up.How anyone can complain about the rooms i will never know ok there was a slight musty smell on arrival but within a day it had disappeared.As for the food we were there for 2 weeks and can honestly say we did not have one complaint plenty of choice you could have something different everyday. The drinks were also very good and the staff could not have been nicer.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scarletbee26
<Content>Paradise at the RIU!!! Republic Dominicana       resort view off balcony  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ctm-s
<Content>Worst ever, terrible Well, I would not be going to the DR anytime soon. From start to finish, the trip was not good. When we got to the airport (2 couples), they charged us $10 per person to enter the country. Then when we got on our bus to take us to our hotel, the driver got lost. The hotel actually looks great. You do feel like you are in a palace but that鈥檚 where it ends. Both of our rooms were smelly. The sheets were moist and smelled like gross body odor. The food was well below par. The best meal was breakfast, but eggs and fresh fruit are hard to mess up. They did not like you sit where you wanted in the dining area because it seemed as thought they would have to work extra hard to clean up after you if you weren鈥檛 close by. A few people wanted to take some fruit to the beach and they gave them a hard time. We wanted to sit by the window in the back and because not much people were there, they said no. The drinks are COMPLETELY watered down. There is no way, even for your typical alcoholic, to have 6 martinis in one nite and still be standing. I think it was flavored alcohol but I have no proof of that. The rice was hard. Almost all of the meats served were over cooked. You have to make reservations only from 8:30am to 12 noon. So much for sleeping in on ur vacation. The restaurants all wanted us out of there before we were finished eating because the staff wanted to be done with work when they wanted to be done with work. This was at 9pm and 10pm, respectively. On out last nite, the waiter accidentally broke a wine glass on our table and if we did not insist on another table due to splinters being everywhere (in our food, drinks), they would not have given us another table. Needless to say, we just did not enjoy ourselves at the RIU-Palace in Punta Cana, DR and on our excursion, we spoke to other folks staying at other hotels in the area and they were not impressed either with their accommodations.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>jessicaiverson23
<Content>the true review!!!!! Me and two of my friends (aged 18) stayed at the Palace in june and we absolutely loved it!From the moment we pulled up outside the hotel we knew we were in paradise. We felt like celebrities. When we checked in we were given an amazing welcome from Rosemary and the other front of house staff who spoke perfect english( I dont know who other people spoke to but it cant have been these staff as they are completely fluent in english) We were then shown to our room and the porter brought us our luggage. The rooms were absolutely spotless and we did not experience the musty smell which has been mentioned in other reviews. The beds were a bit damp at first but this was a result of leaving the air con on full which was not needed to keep the room cool. Turning it down solved our problem and the beds were no longer damp. They were very comfy and spacious not hard at all. The maid service was excellent they brought us fresh towels twice a day so we never had to use the same towel twice. We also recieved turn down service numerous times. Our minibar was also restocked daily.The pool is faultless you never have to get up early for a sunbed as they are readily available. The built in sunloungers in the pool were great and the pool was kept very clean.The staff by the pool were great and always made sure you had a drink even when you were on the beach. Cesarin was our favourite. The beach was straight from a postcard, crystal clear waters and white sand. There is a wide variety of water sports to take part in. We tried out the kayaks, pedelos and parasailing. Anything which didnt use petrol was all included so free.The food at the hotel caters to everybodies needs. You name it, they have it. They cater well for vegetarians and we often didnt have meat with our meals. They occasionally have themed nights our favourite was dominican on a saturday night! The staff were very friendly especially our waiters Maiko and Abrahan they were very attentive topping up our drinks and our table was often scattered with flowers. Anybody who complains about the food must be mad. Our favourite A la Carte restaurant was the steakhouse, the chicken was so tasty. We always found reservations easy to make and we did not need to get up early to make them. The only downside of the RIU complex was the slight lack of nightlife outside of the hotel. There is a pacha club however it was mainly for the locals and the waiters always tried to persuade you to go. However the evening shows at the hotel were very good. Our favourites were miss punta cana and all of the dancing shows - the dancers were very talented.What made our holiday extra special was the staff, especially the animacion team Froggy, Munecon and Braulio all need a special mention. They worked very hard during the day and at night but did not pressure you to join in the activities if you wanted to relax. All the staff here work very hard and are always friendly, they did not expect to be tipped, but appreciated it if you did. This was one of our best holidays ever, we would definatly return again. We want we want to go to RIU! (when you go you will understand)If anyone has any questions, please send me a message i will be happy to help.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monkeyfamilyinGA
<Content>Wonderful Experience!       Water Aerobics  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>shoota1
<Content>Fantastic!       View from our room of the garden  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>bigbulldog21
<Content>Worst food, worst roooms, worst airport ever! Poor experience from begining to end. The airport/hospitality $10 tax is just a scam. Seen it in other countries though. When you pull up to the Riu Palace it looks like Taj Mahal. Beautiful. The lobby is awesome. This is where a little voice in your head should say party's over. The room was where it was supposed to be, we got the suite we ordered, we just didn't get the linens and things like that. The room smelled very moldy and mildewed. The glasses on the bathroom counter and the little drink bar area looked like they were used by a few other customers. A lot. There is plenty of cheap watered down booze and mixed drinks wandering around the property. You will not find any great name brand mixers here. All home made and all just bad. The soft drink dispensers were constantly broken or out of service. Several times when seeking a bottled pepsi on the grounds I would get one opened from a bar station and got a flat drink. I guess they think that if they fill a pepsi bottle from a pepsi fountain, it's a pepsi. Happened more than once.Language barrier. The staff at the hotel speaks about 5% English but did find several that spoke German and Russian. That is great but I speak neither.Funniest thing we found was this. If we asked a waiter, maid, manager etc anything in English and we found out that they did not speak english, they would just stand there and and grin and say nothing. I guess that is how they don't communicate?There is no or non seen security at all. No security cameras and just 2 gaurds at the outer gates, who must sleep at these gates during 24 hour shifts.Rented a car and drove around the county. Mistake. Not just our hotel but all of Punta Cana. There is something to the way the resorts are laid out. When the plane lands and the bus picks you up, they deliver you to your resort and hope, no expect you to stay on the resort and not wander to much. There are reasons for that. Punta Cana and all of Dominican Republic has a lot of street activity and almost non existanct police presence. Did not see a cop or cop car for 7 of 12 days.So I have to say we have been to the CaymanIslands, Virgin Islands, Mexico, and many others and Punta Cana ain't it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>kiingb
<Content>Just got back!!! We went to the Riu Palace Punta Cana from June 28-July 5 with another couple.We've been to the Rui Palace in Cabo San Lucas so we already knew what to expect. We went there open minded. I have just one complaint and it's about the rooms! It was just our bad luck that we got placed at the rear of the hotel where the rooms were smelly and damp. You couldn't even lay in bed without feeling damp. The other couple that went with us had a room right next to us and it was the same, we figured it out that the smell and humidity was b/c we were at the back of the hotel, we tried to switch rooms but the hotel never moved us so we had to deal with damp and smelly rooms for 7 days!Ok, so on to the good stuff...the restaurants were very good!! The Steakhouse was delicious, we got steak  a lobster tail, the Brazilian restaurant was great! The Japanese restaurant was ok, the food didn't have a lot of flavor. The Gourmet restaurant was also very good but of course the portions were small. The buffets were ok, not great but not bad either. I read some of the reviews that said the buffets were better than the restaurants..I don't know what they are talking about b/c the restaurants were way better than the buffets!! The drinks were great, they didn't skimp on the alcohol at all, my husband got tequila shots and each time they were double shots! The staff was friendly and nice. I don't think it mattered whether you tipped or not b/c we got the same service when we tipped and when we didn't tip, it's more of a personal preference.Souvenirs are EXPENSIVE! I guess since tourism is their main source of income, it makes sense...but still I was surprised at the prices!There is absoultely no night life, you get to watch a show that ends at 11pm and then there's the club, casino, bars, bars, and more bars. So if you want to do something other than sit at a bar, this is not the place for you. They do not have a downtown or anything. The beach was the best!! Loved the warm waters and the white sand. Always plenty of beach chairs no matter what time you went out. Overall, had a great time, worth the money, loved the restaurants, loved the beach...everyone should visit the Dominican at least once in their life.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>amiePeterborough
<Content>Loved The Riu Palace! My partner and I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana for 2 weeks at the end of June. It was our first time in a palace but have stayed at many riu hotels before across the carabian, including the Bambu nextdoor!To those of you reading the reviews of this hotel i would advise you to ignore the negative reviews about hard beds and smelly rooms, these people have nothing better to do than moan, they even moaned on holiday all the time, nothing was ever good enough, at the end of the day the holiday is what you make it and if you moan about everything then you are not going to enjoy yourselves. This hotel is not 100% perfect but does not deserve the 1 out of 5 some reviews state.I hope you find this review useful:When we first arrived we thought 'wow', the ground are gorgeous and the hotel really is a palace, the reception is huge and very glitzy. Check in was short and sweet and all staff were very helpful and friendly the whole holiday.Rooms: Our room was nice, a little fusky but nothing major, however our clothes did smell awful when we returned home. The beds are sleepable and our ac was fine! We had a sea view which was amazing!Pool and Beach: The beach is the best beach ever! Soft white sands and clear blue sea, lots of space and shade if needed. We did not use the pool much as the beach was so nice, though the pool was again nice, large and had a swim up bar.Food: The buffets for breakfast and dinner were nice, a little repetitive after a while so we ate at the a la cartes every other night. The only complaint we had is that the lunch by the beach was not very good, little variety. We ate at all a la cartes except the Japanese as we had eaten there before at another Riu and didnt like it. Sir Oscars is the best, excellent food and service, the brazillian if you like meat, we loved it, we thought the italian was ok and were not impressed with the steakhouse, poor food and service I would say though that its a personal thing, we all like different things so is best to try them all.Weather: the weather was brilliant, we had one storm and some rain in the evenings plus a few cloudly days here and there but was generally really sunny. Dont be misled by the wind, it is hot and you will burn!The only other thing that bothered us was the language barrier, the staff speak little english! Having said that all staff were very nice and did not expect tips. Staff came around on the beach with drinks and were always filling up drinks etcWe met some great friends and had a lovely 2 weeks holiday!Having been to Punta Cana twice, we will go somewhere different next year but we would recommend this hotel!!Go and have a great holiday, you'll love it!!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TO99
<Content>Great Honeymoon! Beware of Apple Alicia The RIU Palace is a great place to spend a honeymoon.The Good:1) Great Beach2) Friendly Staff3) Clean Rooms (Good House Keeping)4) Hotel Lobby is stunning5) Balcony's are clean and spacious (interior rooms = ocean view)6) Nightly entertainment was really good. Different each night. 7) Food Selection and availability good.8) 24hr room service is a life saver9) Excellent pool bar. Staff even walks along the beach to replenish drinks. Very friendly.10) Japanese and Sir Oscar's food was really good. Great service. The Bad:1) Apple representative was not helpful. She persuaded us into booking two excursions. After the 1st excursion, my wife became ill. We attempted to cancel the 2nd excursion (due to her illness) and the Apple Rep declined a refund. Very hard to find. When finally found -very pushy and at times even arrogant.2) Our first room (we had to change) was very musty and damp. There was no view (we upgraded prior) they did promptly correct.3) You have to wake up and wait for reservations around 8:00am. The early bird gets the worm. They sell out quickly. You can't make future reservations, only same day and in person.4) The casino (Macao), beware. The staff is very pushy. They will offer you a five dollar (US) chip to play a specific game upon entry...You can't win and will end up spending much more than intended. Don't use a debit card to advance money, they charge around $25.00 for each transaction. They actually encourage this. The fee will state commission. You do the math.5) No access to American cash. Take lots of ones for tipping etc. Try to use credit/debit as much as possible with the vendors and stores. 6) Food = Stomach problems regardless of who you are. Take precaution. Don't drink the water! 7) Warm drinks everywhere throughout the resort. I guess filtered ice is an expensive commodity???8) Beds are very hard.You have to take the good with the bad. By far, the good out weigh the bad. Stay open minded. Have Fun!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Ashlyn34
<Content>Impressive when you pull up outside but that's where it ends..... I too decided to ignore some of the negative reviews I saw on here - BIG mistake!!! Until about 4 years ago I was a long time Superclubs client as I am a fan of the all inclusive vacation but after staying at RIU resorts in Mexico which are FANTASTIC I converted. BUT ...RIU should be ashamed of this property!! Yes, the architecture is impressive and beautiful and the beach is nice but that is where the positive ends......The front desk was slow, unorganized and uncaring. If you are expecting to be greated upon your arrival you are at the wrong place........No one offered to help us take our bags to our rooms. When we finally were given the keys and got to the room it was dirty - housekeeping had been there and the bed was made but there was a used towel in the bathroom, a dirty glass on the night stand, a cigarette in the ash try and hair on the wall in the bath. Ughhh..... The whole time the bed linens and some of the towels were stained. Apparently no one at this property has every heard of a wash cloth as they were non-existant. Except for the wrapped soap the maid only left used toiletry items for us. (In case you are wondering - yes I do tip the housekepping staff - if they show up....) The shower water had a HORRIBLE smell. Yes, the room has a musty smell as others have noted but it's similar to the room smell I've experienced at different resorts in Jamaica.... One day during our stay housekeeping did not come at all even after I finally called at 6pm and asked them to please send someone and was told they would send someone right away no one showed up. There was some problem with the air conditioning (not just in my room - throughout the resort and the staff seemed to be completely unconcerned and had no answers as to what was going on with this). The food on a scale of 1 to 10 would be about a 3. Drinks are below average. No - I am not picky - I have taken 15+ other all inclusive vacations and the food at this resort was by far the WORST. Twice during our stay there were no towels available at the pool (apparently they only give out so many pool towels per day even if you have a towel card and if you don't get one you are out of luck for that day) . The pool water was WARM - hardly refreshing.....I heard the oh, it's so hot here that's why the pool water is warm but why haven't I had this experience at any of the other properties I've been to where the weather is also very hot?!?!? There was a REALLY bad sewage smell to the left of the pool past the ping-pong tables the whole time we were there. The resort allows Scuba Caribe to pester you all day around the pool and on the beach to sign up for excursions. BEWARE - I signed up for horseback riding and after waiting 45 minutes for the van to arrive at the designated time and location I had to spend another half and hour tracking someone from ScubaCaribe down and was given some big run around about why they didn't show up for the excursion and a huge hassle about getting my money back. According to other resort guests this is not unusual. Security at the resort was virtually non-existent . Don't bother with the disco unless you are with a large group and can make your own party (there won't be anything going on anywhere else after midnight) but you will have to fend off the local men that are truly annoying to the point of almost harrasing. I don't understand why the resort would allow this. Also - FYI - your are admitted to the disco as part of your all inclusive package but you must purchase your drinks in the disco.......The worst part of the trip was that we all got VERY sick from the food to the point of having to see the doctor upon our arrival home and we are all now on a course of Cipro for the next week......  So, needless to say I would NEVER go back to this resort and would NOT recommend it to anyone......  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>TexastravelerWaco_TX
<Content>Beautiful beach If you like beaches, this is one of the best ever. There is plenty of shade and chairs are plentiful. The sand is powdery white and there are no rocks at all. The waves are very small and the water is not crystal clear, but very clean. Topless sunbathing is very common.The rooms are average. The bedding is clean, but not at all plush. The toiletry items they provide are not great at all, so bring your own shampoo, etc. The property is not huge, so there is not much walking required.The food is average. We only ate at the steakhouse, and it was pretty much like the steak at the buffet. The buffet did have a wide variety of choices.The employees were nice and helpful. The room was always cleaned while we were out at the beach.Tipping was not expected from the employees, but very much appreciated.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MidwesternMan
<Content>"Palacial" property but lacking in a lot of things I was at the RPPC the week of July 4th. I had read some of the comments here on TripAdvisor, and had some reservations about the place prior to my arrival. Here is an overview of my experiences and thoughts:1. Punta Cana Airport: upon arrival, be prepared to fork over $10 per person for a tourist card. You buy it from one guy, and then 100 yards later, give it back to another guy!?!?! I would also recommend using the lavatories in the airplane prior to arrival, as the restrooms in the airport were anything but stellar. 2. Hotel: the hotel itself is very palacial looking - newer property built in 2006. That's about the best thing going for it in my opinion. They lack in many other areas. 3. Check-in: They tell you check in is after 2 pm- but were told the room wasn't ready even then. Finally after checking back a few more times, we were told it was ready. With key, safe key/lock,  towel card in hand, we went to the room, and opened the door and discovered it hadn't even been cleaned yet by housekeeping. So, we schlepped back to the lobby and informed them of what happened. After an apology by the clerk, we were given another room; which I might add had a nicer view to it.4. Room: We had a Superior Junior Suite which looked out into the courtyard. We were close to the pool area, and could see the ocean from our balcony. The rooms DO have a musty smell to them, but I had packed a Glade Plug In. After a few days, the smell was not noticeable. The beds are hard, and the water is not potable, but they give you a gallon of water in the frig. One thing I will say is that I DONT think they replace the glasses in the bathroom at all... I think the maid just wipes them out with god knows what, and leaves them there day after day. I never did see a cart of clean glasses that the maids were using. The sheets also have a very funky smell.. almost like sweaty dirty socks. I don't think they know what Fabric Softener or Bounce Sheets are!! In addition, other posts here comment about the funky smell that is in your clothes, suitcase, and anything you had in the room AFTER you leave the resort and come home. We have been doing numerous loads of laundry and using Febreeze to get out the smell and it's still there! We also noticed little ants in the room, mostly on the nightstands and the coffee table in the sitting area. God only knows where they came from and where else they were crawling around!5. Language barrior: most of the staff speak little to no English, so if you know Spanish, or at least take a pocket dictionary with you or see the following for a few key Spanish phrases: http://dr1.com/travel/prepare/phrases.shtml6. Food: The food is fair to average, and while you won't go hungry because there is a lot of it, it gets very old and boring since it's the same day in and day out at the buffet. We ate at 2 of the Specialty Restaurants - Luigi (Italian) and La Bodega (Brazillian). Out of the 2, I liked La Bodega the best, but neither were out of this world. The drinks are very watered down, and the beer (Brahma) is locally brewed. If I didn't know better, I would think the beer is actually non-alcoholic, because you don't even get a buzz from it, but who knows!7. Staff: I found the staff to be most pleasant, despite the language barrior. The staff was always cleaning or doing things around the property to make things look nice. 8. Entertainment: Animacion is the group that does the resort entertainment from anything at the pool, to the beach, and also the nightly shows at Los Rosario Lounge. Shows started at 9:45 and last about an hour. They did karaoke, a newlywed type game show, African, Latino, and other cultural dance type shows. Since there is no other nightlife in the resort, this is about the only thing to keep you entertained at night. The TV channels were mostly in Spanish, with only a few (1 or 2) channels that broadcast in English.Overall, I would say while the property itself is magnificent, there are many things that are lacking, and I would probably not return to this hotel nor to the D.R. I have stayed at other RIU's and had better experiences, so don't let this review scare you away from RIU's.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>dunebugandmissbug
<Content>Fabulous hotel My husband and I went to Punta Cana for the first time July 4-7, 2008, to celebrate his birthday and our second anniversary. I must say that I was motivated to visit Punta Cana since my son and his wife, who married 2 months before we did, honeymooned there and loved it. They did not stay at the RIU Palace, however. We have stayed at 4 other RIU's and have been very impressed with this Spanish chain, so I chose RIU again. Before I chose the RIU Palace, I read many, many reviews on this website. Many were quite negative and many were quite positive. I took advice and tips from several, and now feel qualified to add my own 2 cents to the reviews. These statements will always be true: RIU's beach in Punta Cana is nothing short of spectacular, reminding me of the movie SOUTH PACIFIC. Their pool is spectacular. The service and rooms and bending over backwards for guests is impressive. The beds in all the hotels in the RIU chain are as flat and as hard as concrete. The walls of this Palace are concrete with marble, granite, and tile overlays, and the rooms are a bit musty, but the designs reflect the incredible eye the designer has for beauty. The Punta Cana breezes and lack of humidity are a delight. The $10 per person tourist tax (including babies) to walk 15 feet and have the attendant throw the form out afterwards is a rip off. All true statements. HOWEVER, a trip for pleasure can never be perfect. You can strive to make your own home oasis perfect, but it still can never be perfect for anyone else. The Dominican Republic is a third world country, on the same island as Haiti, where children are bought and sold for slaves for what I pay for groceries at home. The people themselves are dirt poor. If the DR uses the tourist tax money for the benefit of the entire country, then I don't mind paying it. They need it. The staff at the RIU seemed happy. Some of them are housed at the resort so they have a better situation than going home. The waiter and manager we chose to go back to at the buffet night after night were happy, helpful, polite, and eager to please. Nobody we encountered had their hands out, and because of that, we tipped freely. I gave a couple of ball caps from our company to the staff we liked the best and they were delighted. I got them to sing to my husband on his birthday, which was delightful!! I put a blanket under the sheets on our cement-hard bed and my husband and I were OK.........well, we slept well enough to jump up in the morning and slip into the pool for 8 hours! I brought some oust-brand candles to burn in the room to stave off the faint musty smell, and we were fine!The average age of the staff at the RIU would have to be 20-something, and most of them wanted to be good at the tasks they were supposed to perform. Of course, some were surly, but nowhere near what we see in the US! The staff involved in the show they called Cabaret just wanted to put on a show, and I applaud them for that but I found it to be a lot of hype for childishly substandard performances and lip-syncing. They made an unforgiveable mistake in giving young guests (ages 5-10?) RIU-made awards (which was kind of sweet) right before the show started, thereby seating them right in the front, so the poor kids got closeup views of boobs and butts and boas of the actresses playing prostitutes. My husband and I left after about 3 minutes. A walk in the balmy breezes by the gorgeous fountains was much preferred! The wait time out of Punta Cana's airport was ridiculously long. We got there 4 hours early. But there were 20 flights out of the country and only one to the capital of Santa Domingo, so all the passports had to be checked, bags searched, and away we zipped through the security scanner! Still, they are building a new terminal so things should run faster the next time we go back. Coconut palms and beautiful breezes! We got massages in the tiki hut, my husband went scuba diving, and we spent most of our time in the pool from 7am until 7pm, enjoying every minute of what this RIU had to offer.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Captain050
<Content>Riu Palace was incredible We arrived at the Punta Cana airport with ease. Customs was a breeze, arrivivg and leaving.They make it quick and painless. Don't take the free transportation unless you want to get on a bus with alot of people and waste about 2 hours of your vacation. By the time everyone gets on the bus and then everyone arrives at the resort at the same time you have wasted 2 hours.Take a taxi for $30.00 and get at the resort in 25 minutes and arrive at the resort with no wait in checking in, because you will arrive before the bus.If you want a ocean veiw room, tip the manager in charge of the front desk ($20.00) and say its your birthday. We did this and after the 1st night we had a great ocean veiw room.Remember to bring alot of one dollar bills for tipping. We tiped with one dollar bills and received excellet service. The front desk does not had much american money for you change for lower bills. A one dollar tip goes a long way. They will treat you like royalty. The beach was awesome, be prepared , 30% of the women go topless. The food at the buffet was great. We didn't go to any of the ala cart places because you have to get up early to make reservations.If you like to drink alcohol, its available 24 hours. There is a built in dispenser in the wall with 4 types of spirits. Remember to ask for specific brands while you visit the bars, if not you receive the cheap stuff. Take large plastic cups (clear) , they only have real small cups which means plenty of trips to the bar. The pool is only 4 feet deep so it always stays warm. The swim up bar was awesome.The rooms were excellent, and very large.We had no smell in ours .This is a five star resort which has 4 sister Riu resorts that you can eat ,swim, and enjoy for the price you paid for the palace.IWe will defintely go back.Not a great place for small kids.Do not drink the tap water, we heard people got sick from the tap water. The resort supplies drinking water everyday in your fridge.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sralkan
<Content>Looks nice, but lacks follow-thru       Night view inward of Riu Palace Punta Cana  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Ladygoingon42
<Content>Loved the Riu We just returned from a 5 day trip to the Riu Palace Punta Cana and my husband and I loved it!!! The food was very good! The buffet at Don Manuels had a lot of great selections. The line to make reservations was very short and we always got our first choice. Every employee we encountered was very friendly and attentive. The room was beautiful and always cleaned early in the morning. The waiters at the pool bar were excellent and a small tip gets you great drinks all the time!! The beach was very beautiful and there were always lounge chairs available both at the beach and the pool. My only negative comment is that the a/c could have been better in all the areas. I would definitely return!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jshifts
<Content>Stay Anywhere Else But A Riu Property My stay at this so called 5 star resort was horrible. I would advise anyone to try going anywhere else. The room smelled musty. The TV was broken. Even the safe had to be fixed. which took someone from maintenance almost an hour to come to fix. We couldn't leave the room to go to beach without locking our things up. The food is almost uneatable everywhere in the resort. Great if you want to go on a diet. The pool bar closes pretty early so if you want a drink you have to go back to your room. You will most likely have to eat at the buffet every night since the restaurants are not big enough to seat everyone. But you are not missing much since the restaurants don't have anything good to eat either. Two nights in a row the power went out while we were eating. We were left sitting there in the dark. Nobody came around to even let us know if the food was still going to come out. The people on the beach could care less about doing anything unless you tip them. They didn't want to give out the kayaks or windsurfers. They will say that you need to make a reservation a day ahead of time. Even if there are plenty lying right on the beach. The next day they told me I didn't have a reservation. The fitness room is a joke. There is hardly any equipment. The staff is ignorant. I was given misinformation several times. Several other people in my party had the same experience. Apparently the staff likes to tell people who ask where something is that it is on the other side of the resort. So that they can laugh at you walking around like an idiot. the worst part was the casino which everyone should stay away from. girls are in the lobby directing guest over to the casino. There is no regulation in the Dominican Republic and the casino is run by a bunch of thieves. The games are fixed and there is nothing you can do about it. This is well documented. The hotel will tell you they have nothing to do with the casino. That it is a separate company. But that is not disclosed anywhere. The hotel promotes the casino on their website and it is in the building but when there is a problem the manager will not even return your call. I had a camera stolen out of the room and the air never seemed to blow cold. I would rather stay in a prison cell before going back to this dump run by bandits and scammers. If a server ever comes back with your drink order it probably won't have any liquor in it. I could go on and on but these are just a few of the problems.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>jtj407
<Content>Trouble with credit card fraud My friend and I both used the spa at the Riu Palace and paid on our credit cards. After we were home about a few weeks we BOTH noticed charges at gas stations in Florida. Neither one of us has used our credit card for anything else during or after the stay at RIU. Not sure if there is a connection, but seemed awfully coincidental.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>longhorn2003
<Content>The best vacation spotever This was the best vacation EVER. We went with a large group. As you can imagine, traveling with a large group can be cumbersome but to our relief, they had everything together. You will need to speak at least a little Spanish and listen carefully to their English but it鈥檚 totally doable with repetition. They went out of their way to accommodate us. They are very eager to make your stay Excelente. And here are some other tips. Don't go expecting the four seasons, know your surroundings. You are in a 3rd world country. The beds are kinda firm but they cater to Europeans and Americans, be a little flexible for a few days. They change the linens everyday and refresh the liquor in your room every two days. And the food and water at the restaurants is safe. Don't believe the other things that are written. I just got back from there a week ago and have not yet been sick. The food is very fresh although it lacks the amount of salt I prefer. Also, there is a totally purified gallon of water stocked in your fridge. With all of the drinking you'll be doing, you MUST drink water. I rarely saw individual bottles of water. The ice that they make drinks from and the water that they serve you is purified, don't believe the hype. The beach is totally open and safe at night. But be careful of the waves and undertow at night. They can be fierce.  We love JUAN CARLOS  Froggy!!!!!!! They are 'jefes' at the hotel. Total sweethearts. They even went out to club PACHA with us. This club rocked. It's on site and there is a shuttle so no cabs and you never leave the safety of the compound. Oh yeah and did I mention that both pools are heated and one has a poolside bar. This was the best thing ever after swimming in the cold ocean. There is also shopping on site which is not that expensive considering it鈥檚 the only thing on the vacation that you will pay for. I am not sure this place is conducive to kiddos what with all of the available booze and alcohol, but the all-inclusive thing is a winner. Not to mention that when you stay at Riu, you get a wristband which gives you access to all of their area hotels. Make sure you when you go to breakfast you sign up for dinner at either the Italian restaurant or the Brazilian steakhouse one of the days. They were FABULOUS. You have to sign up between 9-12pm for dinner the same night. Try the sea bass at the Italian place and the Brazilian restaurant has bacon wrapped bananas. Sounds gross but TRUST ME, they are to die for. At the Brazilian spot there鈥檚 a lot of meat and very little veggies, be prepared.  We tipped a lot because the staff was so great. A couple of US dollars go a long way. Be aware that all of the staff flirts. They are so smooth that you totally could get caught up. Watch yourself! GO TO RIU PUNTA CANA. The best vaca we have ever had.........Say hi to Georgina and Jefe Eugenio for us..............We'll definitely be back, possibly yearly.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jvacay
<Content>Nice Hotel/Food was not good We stayed at the Riu from June 23rd-June 30th. We had booked the 6 golden apple square deal through our travel agent. We did not know where we were staying until we landed. We had heard that 90% of those who book the 6 golden apple square deal stay at Dreams so we were looking forward to staying there. Well, we land and the apple rep tells us that we are staying at the Riu palace. We were disappointed because we had read the reviews on here but decided to make the best of it. Check-in was fine. We were told to come back in an hour and our room would be ready. We did try to approach the apple rep at the hotel to see about the possibility of changing hotels but she said in a very firm voice that you booked a square deal which means that we pick the hotel not you. Okay then, thanks. We walked to the buffet near the pool area for lunch and realized that the reviews regarding the very bad food were very accurate. Everyday for lunch we had pizza and french fries. There was a salad bar that looked okay but we were warned not to eat the salad because they wash the vegetables in the water. Everything else on the lunch buffet was pretty much unidentifiable. There were also hamburgers and hot dogs but they were sitting in a vat of grease. We tried to eat a hamburger one day and it was full of gristle. The fruit selection was okay and we ate that as well. We returned to the check in desk and the attendant told us that our room would be ready in 10 minutes. He gave us the key but told us to wait to go to the room. We had a drink at the lobby bar which was very nice. The drinks throughout the whole trip were pretty good. The wine and champagne they served were also very good. When we arrived at our room the housekeeper was still in the room but finishing up. The room was a nice size with a king size bed and sitting area. We had a balcony that faced the courtyard and you could see the beach if you looked to the right. The room was clean. The bed, however, was rock hard! We did not sleep very well any of the nights because of how hard the bed was. Also we had to request extra pillows because they only provided three very thin pillows. We also had to request extra towels and toilet paper. The housekeeper came to turn down the bed three out of the seven nights we stayed. We left her 2-3 dollars a day. The pool is not that big but we always found chairs with no problem. We did not have a problem getting towels but we did bring our own as well. The beach is beautiful. It was much cooler on the beach with a nice breeze than it was by the pool. The water was also really gorgeous. There was always someone coming by to offer you drinks.The entertainment staff works really hard all day long. The water aerobics in the pool was fun. They also ran other activities such as horseshoes and ping pong.The only thing to do at night is to attend the show that is at 9:45. Other than that there is no nightlife and nothing to do besides going to the casino which is very seedy and rigged!We tried all five of the restaurants and the food at each of them was okay. The service was very good at each of them but the food was really very average at best.All in all, it was a relaxing vacation. We enjoyed the pool, the beach and interacting with the friendly staff and other guests at the hotel. The food was not enjoyable however and we probably would not return for this reason as well as the fact that the beds were sooo uncomfortable.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>suzimolly
<Content>Special Place Returned from the Palace on June 23rd. A fantastic place to stay.Having read other reviews before we went we were wondering if we had booked the right hotel for us. But on arrival we were not disappointed. We really enjoyed very this hotel had to offer. Having been to the Dominican Republic 4 times we felt like we were in 5 Star accomodation. We only had a slight hitch. It rained from midday till the early hours for one day. Returning from our evening meal we found that our room in the living room area to be flooded. We were on the top floor!!! We moped this up and went to recepetion the next day and showed the hotel manager, who looked at our room, and moved us straight to another room which was much better and a great view of the beach and sea. We were treated to well and enjoyed 2 weeks of relaxing. So don't believe very you read go and enjoy it. All in all I have stayed at other Riu Hotels and this is a wonderful Resort. Beds are fine I slept and the food always has plenty of selection. We never went hungry or couldnt find something we didnt like. Always plenty on offer. This had to be one of the best Holidays that we have taken.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jazzyjess45
<Content>An Amazing Vacation We just returned from the RIU Palace and it was amazing. I think it is very helpful if you speak Spanish as a lot of the help doesn't speak English and they can be Standoffish. Look for Froggy and Danella for dancing and the nightly shows. I recommend Sir Oscar for dinner and don't even bother with the rest. The Steak and Seabass were wonderful. Japanese service takes forever and there is a lot of pork at the Brazilian. The buffets are good and love the cheeses with figs and the smoothies in the morning. If you are going to dinner go early so you can catch teh shows as they are a lot of fun. The beach is so incredible and we brought big insulated mugs and drank mojitos all day by the beach and then hit the pool bar in the evening. Ask Octavio for his special drink, its like a mudslide with orange and banana. I highly recommend taking a trip to Isla Soana (but it is a 2 hour bus ride to get there ) and for sure take the catamaran as that was our fav. part. You might want to bring bug spray to the Isla as there are a lot of mosquitos there though. Walk to the markets to the right of the hotel. Definitely barter and there is an ATM in the Bahia Principe next door or one in the empoloyee area of the RIU that the club/casino will take you to if you ask them. I had my bday there and they were awesome. They brought me up on stage one nigh and sang to me. Then on the catamaran they sang again and doused me with beer and we all danced (super fun), then that night we ate at Sir Oscar and they had a special table for me with flowers and a candle and they turned the lights out and al came out wiht a special cake and they sang. It was amazing. You will have a great trip. If you do order room service just get french fries with cheese, everything else is pretty bad. OH, and try the BRUGAL in your room. It is the smoothest and best rum we have ever had. Of course, try MamaJuana too and they will bring champagne to your room if you ask for it. We did tip now and then as they all work long and hard and they deserve it but they don't expect it. Have a blast!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>beachlover1990
<Content>Beautiful Hotel/Terrible Food The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the beach is to die for. The pool is great and the pool bar is good. The rooms are fantastic and kept clean. The lobby is huge and all the employees at the hotel treat you great. Bring lots of cash because the closest ATM machine is far away at another hotel and will only give you pesos when the machines are working. Stay on the grounds because the surrounding areas are not pretty. Everything was a 10 except for the food. The food at the Riu was horrible. We are not picky and will eat almost everything, but we had a very hard time with the food at this hotel. Not much night life except for the casino which was very small and seedy. This casino also allows the locals. I was not comfortable at the casino with my wife and daughter. We loved Punta Cana but would not go back to the Riu due to the food. Friends of ours stayed at other hotels in the area and said the food was great.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ritzykat
<Content>Riu Punta Cana-Not a 5 star,not impressed Just returned from Riu-Punta Cana on 06/19/08. My husband and i were there for 8 days.Upon finally getting to the hotel, the front desk was chaotic,no sense of order. People standing everywhere trying to get attended. Front reception staff hardly spoke any English, so we were lucky because i happen to speak Spanish, my husband does not as other guests didnt,definitely language barriers going on.The first room we were put in was horrible, way to the back facing a field, smelled musty, was hot. We did not have a Garden VIew or Beach view as we had requested.2nd room we were sent to was dirty,hot, the tub had sand in it! The restroom smelled of urine.So there we go again to the front desk, after being on a long flight, tired, hot....we were given the key to another room.This 3rd room was decent...felt a bit hot also, but it was cleaner, didn't smell bad. The ceiling fan did not work, so my husbnad notified the front desk and they finally sent someone to fix it.Throughout our 8 days there, we had problems with the A/C,the room was very humid,the bed always felt wet, the room was never cool. We would almost everyday have to call for wash cloths or hand towels, they would run out -I suppose and just leave the bath towels. Had to call for them to replenish the fridge which was part of the inclusive deal.The food was pretty good, sometimes the food was not labled at the buffet and had to take a lucky guess at what you were about to eat. When would would go at times to get beach towels-they had run out. One day we went and we got dirty towels, when i unfolded one is smelled and was full of sand, so i guess they recycled the towels.At the restaurants and some of the bars they would serve drinks with hardly any ice or with no ice,only to be served a lukewarm soda,tea or water. We had previously stayed in Riu Cabo San Lucas and you can't even compare the service we received there to the service and accomadations here at Punta Cana. I will never recommend or come back to Riu Punta Cana!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>marrsbty
<Content>Riu is true paridise If your looking for a romantic getaway or just a nice family reunion, Riu Palace is the place to do it! This is a very nice hotel situated right on the beach. The best part is it's all inclusive! Never paying for drinks at the bar is the best. The pool is a nice big pool featuring a swim up bar. If you do stay here, please be sure to parasail, its the most beutiful thing you will ever see. They have the best coastline ive ever seen (and ive been many nice places) Be sure you know some spanish because thats all they speak down there. You will get by just by saying Hola (hello) and gracias (thank you) and por favor (please).....room was very nice, and featured a balcony and soak tub. The water at this resort from the sink and bath will get you sick, but the hotel provides you with a gallon of fresh water in your mini fridge and its replenished every day or 2. Great hotel and beutiful beach. Loved it here!!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jarankin
<Content>Loved Riu Palace Punta cana       The water was clearer than anything I've ever seen before!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cjbrass
<Content>Simply Paradise!! We just returned from one of the most amazing resorts in Punta Cana. The Riu Palace is absolutely gorgeous. The grounds are immaculate and beautiful. Like most I read all the reviews on the Riu Palace before we left on June 1. I was worried as we had spent the extra money for the Jacuzzi suite with oceanview, but I was not disappointed. Once at the hotel we were immediately greeted with a warm welcome and the key to our room and the safe in the room. We arrived at the hotel around noon on Sunday, June 1, so others did have to wait until 2 for the room to be cleaned. We were fortunate. Our room far exceeded our expectations. It was on the top floor at the end of the hotel and had the best view of the resort. We had the two story balcony with the spiral staircase leading to the jacuzzi on top. The room was very clean and very beautiful. The beds are rock hard and I didn't sleep well, but we didn't have a horrible smell in our room. The musty smell you expect because of where you are, but overall it was great.We did lose power once but it was only for about 10 minutes.The staff, wow, they do try to accomodate you even when there is a language barrier. We love the Don Manuel buffett and ate there every night except one, the night we tried the Steakhouse. Our waiter at the Don Manuel, Arias, was so sweet and stayed right on top of our needs. He was always smiling and always rushing to meet everyones needs that were seated in his area. Tipping is so appreciated among the staff, but I watched many still provide the same service to guests that didn't tip. Arias didn't understand English, but by the end of our trip we had established a repetoire with him. Our last morning, at breakfast, Arias teared up that we were leaving. He was such a kind man.The beach was great and we never had a problem finding a lounge chair and a quiet spot. It was so relaxing. We spent many hours on the beach.The pool is very clean. I don't understand why someone previously said the pool had black or green stuff on the walls. The staff clean the pool every evening and every morning. In the evening they added chemicals and cleaned around the outside of the pool. I watched them from my balcony every morning at 6 a.m. cleaning the pool. They scrubbed the walls and the pool floor. I witnessed this myself. The pool was crystal clear and very beautiful. The pool was of adequate size for a resort, yes bigger would have been nicer, but most people went to the beach. Many times when we would return from the beach to our jacuzzi, we would watch activities at the pool. There were always lounge chairs available at the pool and the pool was never overcrowded. Most people stay down at the beach.This place is great for someone that wants to go and simply relax and rest on the beach. Riu Palace is beautiful and the staff is wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stacymi
<Content>"Hated It" I have traveled to many site in the Caribbean and still cannot believe the extent of my dissatisfaction. Food - was only OK - 5 sit down restaurants and the best part was the buffet. Room Service - I would still be waiting for clean towels  TOILET PAPER.Room - musty with ants.Jewelry stolen from the room (in a closed case and within a travel bag) and when reported to the hotel manager I was reprimanded for not putting the jewelry in the safe. Nothing was done about it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Kimber23
<Content>What a Wonderful Place!       the beach  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JBien
<Content>"I want, I want to go to RIU!"       Jacuzzi suite  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>geranimo58
<Content>Very disappointed By arrival on 2/5 with great expectations but without satisfaction.Coming do the recepti毛n there was a big chaos, before every one has his roomkey. This was for a new hotel ( 2 years of age) unbearable).Better was instead of a verry large key, an electronic system for opening the doors and also for the save.Once entering the room there was a verry nasty smell that we could not stand.Back to the reception, asking for changing rooms, whe had to wait for the next day at 13 p.mWithout unpakking whe got another room the day later. There we had the surprise after unpacking, that this room had NO warm water. They kept us online for 6 days, telling us every day another story.Complaning bij the host of Jet air they proposed 100 Euro what was not acceptable for a holiday of 3500 euro.The one positive thing about this hotel was, that it was beautiful in a very nice surroundings.The food was normal, but nothing more, after one week you鈥檝e had it all.In the theme restaurant 鈥?Altegracia鈥?the food was horrible and not even 2 stars dignified. The drink snot to drink, and everybody unwell.The swimming pool was verry durty with excrement ( faces) in the water.The rooms must be cleaner. We could not close our bedroomdoor from the inside. This was also the reason that everybody could come uninvited into our room.We had also an abstraction in the room, therefore we had a police protocol and coming to the manager he told us to come back in 4 days, maybe if they had found anything, they should perhaps find out who was the thief of the staff.This police protocol takes 45 days or more to get to Belgium. The RIU PALACE is yust 2 stars dignified maximum!!!! Next time another hotel with another travel agency.( we where flying bij Jet Air)Because also paying extra for VIP, whe had yust the same as all the people in economy.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spicygrp
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel Let me start by saying that this is not as good as it is rated on most travel sites. We are used to staying at 5 star/6golden apple resorts and this just didn't measure up. The one good thing at the resort is the beach. It has very nice, tourqouise waters, no rocks, soft sand and alot of activities including hobies,windnsurfers, kayaks, and parasailing and banana boat rides, the latter two having fees. We were very unimpressed though with many of the things at the resort. The food was average and there is not poolside snack stand or munchies. You have to go to the buffet restaurant not far from the pool area. The food there is the same day after day. The only good thing is the fruit. The food at the restaurants is average but you are restricted to eating at either 6:30 or 9pm and that's it. You also have to make reservations for these places between 9am and noon or you have to go the the buffet. The dinner buffet is better than the buffet at the beach but again gets boring with the same foods. We also went to breakfast at this buffet. Breakfast there is slighlty higher than average and was my favorite meal there. Once though we showed up at 10:32am and they would not let us in because it closes at 10:30. As we were talking to the staff, two other couples walked in behind us and went straight to the buffet. We decided to be rebels and do the same however, we were given mean looks. We were respectful though and ate quickly so they could clean up. Aside from the food, there is the water issue. The water at the resort is not drinkable and there are no plastic cups in the room. They do give you a gallon jug of water in your mini fridge which you are to use for drinking water and brushing your teeth, washing your hands and so-on. The water issue is big being that this is how most travelers get the bug. We bought bottled water in the little store in the lobby for $1 a bottle and used this to bring down to the pool and to lunch. They served water at lunch but just being served there was difficult. The staff does not wait on you like they do in Mexico. They are sometimes lazy and often not very helpful. We would sit at a table and not have drinks and no one would come over to wait on us. This was an issue because there was no water at the buffet, just soft drinks and wine. I realize that some people don't want water while on vacation but we're not heavy drinkers. It might have helped if I knew more spanish as most of the staff could speak very little english. The pool at the resort is small with only one pool bar. This bar services the entire beach area as well as the pool. Both the pool and the beach are very crowded because the resort accommodates alot of people; too many people for the size of the pool. Do not go here if you want to get away from people. It is very crowded and noisy and you cannot get away from the drunks around the pool. As for the drinks, they are very sweet and you have one choice for beer. The rooms are okay but the smell that permeates everything is awful. The pillows in the room smellled like mildew and it was very unsanitary. I realize it is the carribbean and I expect that musty smell but this was just lack of care of cleanliness. We were also on the first floor and infiltrated with ants daily even though we did not have food in our room. The spa at the resort is average but again not very service oriented. You do not get a robe or a towel and they tried to place me face down for a massage on a table that had an incline. It was a facial table not a massage table. They did this because they were over booked and didn't have enough tables. There is a jacuzzi there but it is cold water , not hot and the steamroom was out of service the entire time we were there; both the men's and the women's. I'm deriving this opinion based off of other resorts of the same rating that I've been to. I expect 5 star service, staff, drinks, rooms, and spa when I pay for it. That is why I am rating this a 3 star experience. I would have much rather spent my time at either Aventura Spa Palace in Mexico, Secrets Capri Riviera or even Riu Palace Riviera Maya. These are resorts that live up to there rating. One more thing...even though we were careful, my husband and I both got sick. He had a wretched case of food poisoning and was up all night in serious pain. I just got the typical bug which will go away with 24 hours of clear fluids. Hope this review helps. The resort is not as nice as some say...or maybe they just haven't been any place nicer.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>mayornypd
<Content>Great Place but BEWARE!! Just returned from a wonderful vacation with 1 minor problem and 1 major disappointment. First the food is ok don't expect 5 star american food, all of it was ediable and the best of the restaurants was Sir Oscar. We were there for my daughters sweet sixteen and they treated her amazing, they had a birthday cake for her included and all of the staff came out to sing to her. But the smell everyone talks about was not that bad it is musty and you should expect that from the Caribbean. I didn't get to the pool at 7am but I would arrive there at 10:30 and still found 2 lounges everyday close to the pool.The bed is firm but I like a firm mattress and did't have any problems sleeping. I brought a small fan and this helped alot when sleeping. Now on to the problems The power went out twice the first night for about an hour or so then the second night it went out for about 50 minutes except my 16 year old daughter and her friend were trapped in the elevator and no one from resort responded to the alarm a guest calmmed them down and the phone in the elevator did not work either. After the power returned they were helped out by some guests, they were hysterical to say the least. when we informed the manager on duty he said thank you for the comment never asked how the kids were. The major disappointment was that the staff was super friendly especially because we always tipped. But when my wife or I walked away from my daughter and her friend the staff would constantly hit on them being rude like asking them for phone numbers and saying you need to be my girlfriend. One waiter asked how old they were when they told him he said thats ok I am 25 WHOA. Needless to say They were never far from my sight. Beware of the Scuba Carbie water staff on the beach They were always hitting on the girls, I am a very large man and when I would come out from behind a tree the staff members lost color from his face when i said what did you say he claimed he didn't speak english. A few dollars go along way The staff at the front desk was pleasant and spoke english as did most of the others. the biggest pain was having to get up early to make dinner reservations. have your eyes open when you go there with kids and bring lots of ones and fives they don't keep alot of american money on hand to make change.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lilbee1125
<Content>RIU Needs Work       Gardens by fountains  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	5	-1	

<Author>gukkie
<Content>Paradise..It Right Here just returned from punta cana-riu palacehad my doubts but i was so wrong the palace is magnificentthe property is breath-taking..from the lobby all the way to the beach..truly magnificent...food choices are mind-bogglingdeserts are mind-blowing i could not find a single problemwith punta cana riu palace...as a frequest traveler, i foundthis to be equal to a sandals resort, but at a fraction of the cost..wow- you can't miss this onethey boost of the most beautiful beaches, and that they are..  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HeatherTBH
<Content>There are some parts that are good, and others that are not       view from front of hotel  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>rtbeme
<Content>Nicer place of all RIU's in that area We just got back May 23, 2008. Not any problems at all. The resort was beautiful and clean. The staff was very helpful and most of them freindly. I felt that most tried very hard to speak English as best as they could but the ones that did not speak well, it might be taken as rude, but they were probably scared to talk if they didn't udnerstand you! We have stayed at many RIU throughout the Carribean and since some complained about a musty smell, that is a fact in all of them! It has airconditioning running constantly and the moisture in the air is going to do that anywhere! The food was good to above average although the ones in Mexico were superior....but that was our taste. Anyone with a negative review has come to expect way too much and comparing it with most Americans. They give you your moneys worth and you have to remember you are in another culture and society that isnt as priveledged. We probably wont go back to this country because outside, everyone has their hand out. From the minute you go thru the airport upon arrival, they make you buy a $10 tourist card, he hands it to you and a few feet later they trash it! Money trap! They say you need $20 each upon departure too. We did not run into that, but do expect it from what we understand. I love how they try to get that last dollar buy making you wait in your bus or taxi until the PORTERS take your luggage from the vehicle and you have to get it from them. Almost guarantees a tip because it makes you feel bad if you dont. The boys trying playing a trio of music upon boarding the flight with a hat out for tips. So expect that you may need to have a few bucks on ya! The waters are very pretty and lots of Palm trees and plent of drinks. Just say Mucho Rum if you want to get all waxed up! The buffett has a different theme each night and we just preferred to do that. We tried the formal restaurants at other RIU/s and they are pretty much the same. I dont like having to be a sitting for a 615pm or the 900 pm dinner. I prefer to go when I am ready. But the buffett does require MEN to wear long pants! Weird, because you can have a T shirt on and the women can be half naked! lol This is just at dinner. One night I decided to drink in the room and just ordered room service...it comes with it and was pretty good. The nice thing about this place too is that 5 RIU resorts are there back to back and has a long paved trail along the beach and you can hang out at any of them! The casino isnt much so dont get excited about that. Youll lose every time. They are very small and not much choice in machines. Not like the casinos in USA. If you get a decent price, it is a very good value and since the transportation comes with it, that went well also because it will cost you about $50 each way for taxit or what ever or more. So if you havent been, you will enjoy it. If you are a multi millionaire, you probably wont. Job very well done by RIU!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	3	5	4	4	

<Author>ebrewst
<Content>Great Place! My husband and I went to the Riu Palace in July of 07 and had a great time. We were met with a drink right away and check in was no problem. The grounds were wonderful and well kept, if you get up early enough you can see how much work is being done around the resort before anyone wakes up. The food was great and too much to even think about. The only complaint that I would have is the room always felt damp but it is Punta Cana in July so what do you expect. I'm going to the Riu Cancun this June and can't wait!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GRACENewYork
<Content>Disappointed The first bad impression we had upon our arrival for one week stay in May this year was poor behavior of the Front Desk Staff. The check-in procedure was very slow not because of the crowded customers,just because that staff kept chatting over the phone and worse than that he treated us with a black face rather than a smiling one. There was no hot water supply for 4 consecutive days during our stay of 7 days. The hotel management never announced an apology nor explanation nor an update as to when hot water was resumed. The worst of all was the buffet menu of which a majority of the foods were repeated all the way through the end of our stay. The meat were not properly fried, instead they were totally burned with the exterior black while the interior under-cooked. At one time, we were refused to get the towels at the swimming pool, being told to come back 2 hours later. To conclude, we don鈥檛 think this hotel is worth being a 4-star hotel. We won鈥檛 consider it as our future choice at all and will not recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	2	3	1	2	1	

<Author>BEST09
<Content>Wonderful hotel wonderful staff this is a WONDERFUL HOTEL the staff were amazing, the only bad thing is the moldy smell ALL OVER THE HOTEL other than that i cannot think of anything bad to say about this placedont listen to the negative comments this is by far one of the best in D.R.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alva1
<Content>Don't pay attention to all the reviews We've just returned from a 4 day stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. Normally I wouldn't write a review, however the longer i was there the more upset I became at the reviews i had read prior to coming. First of all the Hotel is absolutely beautiful. The lobby, the gardens, the rooms and the restaurants. Everywhere you went everything was clean and well kept. The room was very nice and clean, housekeeping was good (Tipping every day helped i'm sure). If you have ants in your room blame it on that beautiful flower you placed on your wife's hair the night before. very few bugs.The beach and pool area are great. Pool could have been a bit larger but the bar made up for it. Take some tip money with you to the bar and you won't have to wait for a drink. There are plenty of things to do at the beach and beach chairs are always available.The restaurants, we mainly ate at the Buffet, Don Manuel. We had no desire to get up early and wait on line for reservations even though the one day we did, we waited for 2 minutes (You don't have to sleep in a tent the night before to make reservations) Don't listen to the people who say the food is horible or (inedible). These are the same people whose idea of out to dinner here is applebee's or denny's or some other ('s). There is plenty of food to choose from. Whether it was breakfast, lunch or dinner we always found something good to eat and if you don't like something you get up and get something else. Some reviewers talk about eating only pizza. The pizza is probably the worst thing at the buffet! As far as nightlife is concerned, nothing impressive but who really cares at a resort like that (want nightlife go to cancun). They have a casino with a texas holdem table (for those who care), blackjack and the usual. We didn't go to the nightclub but we did go to the sports bar, seems like a nice enough place to be if you are looking for an extended day.Overall our stay was very good, just remember to tip. Just like you tip here when you go out, make sure you tip there. A couple of dollars will take you a long way. (take lots of singles)Ohh yes, the beds are hard. That was the number 1 complaint before we went, and yes they are near backbreaking. I would rather break a fall with a block of cement, however you get used to it quickly and you are always so tired from your daily activities that by midnight all you want to do is go to sleep on anything. We slept just fine.One last thing this is not really a place to take your 5 year old kid unless you don't mind them seeing [--] at eye level or undersized speedos on oversized bodies.Go and have a great time!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>napes
<Content>great for beach and pool not great for fun This was our 5th time to punta cana, so we are familiar with the other resorts and what they offer. Let me give you the positives first. The Riu palace has the best beach and blue water without seawood, plus beach waiter service. A very nice pool with swimup bar. Very good food, especially the a la carte. We ate at the steakhouse, japanese, brazilian and gourmet..all very good. What is lacking at this resort is entertainment!!! We booked the 9pm dinners and the shows were nearly over after this. There is not a place to listen to music at this resort and after 12pm all lights are shut off, including lighting on the staircase that goes from the lobby to the rooms. You literally have to feel your way down the stairs.. I do not know how they get away with this. We did take the shuttle to the casino 2x and the air conditioning was broken there and with no windows and is was very hot. The disco is ok if you are in your 20's. We are in are 40's. The first night the hot water in the room did not work and the maid walked in on me. The manager was very rude when I complained about these things. Can not use ATT calling cards, so must pay 2 dollars per min. to call USA. 24 hr. room service was excellent and the rooms, although musty, were quite nice. We had more fun at the Sunscape (now Dreams) and also Bavaro Princess. We went with another couple and had fun with them, but we had to create our own fun. The waiters were mostly rude and acted like they were doing us a favor to wait on us (especially the steakhouse), but I guess when the manager is the same way....  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>smahl88
<Content>Fabulous vacation, but wouldn't stay again We stayed at the Riu Palace the week of 4/26-5/2. The resort is beautiful including the rooms, pool, beach, restaurants, lobby, etc, and is constantly being cleaned and maintained. The pool/beach area has an equal mixture of sun and shade. The grounds of the entire Riu complex are enormous and very beautiful. It is beyond belief that some people actually have a problem with the food. That some reviewers claim to have had to 鈥渟urvive鈥?on pizza and fries is just unbelievable. The buffets offered salads, sandwiches, pizza, local dishes, breads, cold cuts, fruits and deserts and a wide array of each. The resort has 5 a la carte restaurants, which were extremely good, especially the French restaurant, Krystal, or Sir Oscars. On Thursday, La Bodega restaurant had a special dinner and offered grilled lobster and many different types of meats. We were able to get reservations at any restaurant we wanted at the time we wanted. A lined formed on 2 days only and then it was just a short wait. We never saw lengthy lines. A good portion of the staff do not speak fluent English, although all know basic English. Know this before you go. Learn some basic conversational Spanish. My husband and I know basic Spanish, but there were still times that a Spanish-English dictionary would have been handy. If you do not ask for top shelf liquor in your mixed drinks, you will get the cheap liquor, some of which is pretty nasty. Figure out what they consider top shelf and ask for it by name. You do have a liquor dispenser in the room, but once again, it is cheap liquor. The resort offers an in-room refrigerator that is restocked in the evening with as much Diet Pepsi, Pepsi, a local bottled orange drink, club soda, tonic water, local beer as needed. They also put a gallon of water in the refrigerator, but do not provide sealed plastic cups to drink from. I wouldn鈥檛 use the glasses (other than sealed plastic cups) in the room of any hotel. Do you ever see a cart of freshly washed glasses being rolled to each room? Do you ever see the maid鈥檚 carts with freshly washed glasses on them鈥?I don鈥檛 think so. It makes one wonder how or IF they are washed. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone for 1 reason only鈥he smell that permeated everything we brought back. The rooms have a musty smell and it was very strong when we entered the room on the 1st day. We must have gotten adjusted to it because we did not notice it as much until the flight home and I smelled it in my handbag and on my jacket. This is not normal humidity. We have traveled to the Caribbean many times, and have never experienced anything like this. I had to wash our clothing twice when we came home, with fabric softener the 2nd time, yet the clothes still have a faint smell. We sprayed Fabreze on our bags and put them outside to air for a day, but the smell seems to be permanent on anything we cannot launder.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	1	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Rayodesol
<Content>great service I stayed at Palace Punta cana with my husband and another cuople, from the very beginning it was great, the lobby is amazing, they greet you with a welcome coctail, very refreshing...the lady at the front desk rosemary is absolutely enchanting, she will help you with anything taht you will need and speak the best english out of all, she get things done, not like the others that only tell you yes..yes..yes..to your request and do nothing. the food is very good, they have lots of choices and very well prepared. there are always drinks everywhere although there is distance between all the bars. the only thing that i didn't like is that there is not toilettes near the pool, so you have to walk a long way. other than that is was a great experience  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maganini
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! My husband and I spent another wonderful two weeks at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from April 26 to May 10, 2008. I can't believe the whining and complaining about this most beautiful and magnificent resort on the most spectular beach we've ever been to in our many trips to other sunny destinations. Yes, we did have two days without hot water, but it's hardly a horrific experience and the water was cool, not freezing; hardly necessitating an exit from the resort. Two days was not an eternity and vacation experiences are what you make of them. If you continually dwell on the odd negative event which may occur, it will ruin your holiday. Some things happen which are out of the control of the resort and if you want perfection, stay home. There will always be an odd glitch or two once you leave your home and head off to visit a new country or island.Yes, people did have to line up for the specialty restaurants at 9:15 a.m. but the process moved very quickly and it's the best way to ensure people will actually turn up for their reservation and not leave tables empty and prevent others from enjoying the excellent and diverse restaurants. We always got the specialty restaurant of our choice and spending a few minutes in line to do so was definitely worth the brief wait.The staff at the resort are very friendly and helpful and there is always someone at the reception desk who can converse in English since many speak several languages. We've never had any problems in the 18 times we've been to the Dominican and we're unilingual English. The staff seem very happy to be working at the five Riu resorts and try to accommodate everyone's request, no matter how outlandish some may be. Sometimes we've witnessed some tourists to be extremely demanding, rude, unaccommodating and unreasonable. It's hard to placate such stubborn individuals no matter how hard the staff try.As for the humidity in the rooms; Punta Cana, being in the Carribbean, is humid to begin with and of course humidity is unavoidable since the hotels are located right by the ocean and in a hot climate.The beds are firm but certainly should not cause back aches unless you're used to sinking three inches into a mattress.The food at all of the restaurants is outstanding, very fresh and deliciously prepared with too many choices to contend with. Shame on those people who couldn't find anything palatable. Perhaps they'd like to reveal the contents of their fridges!We have spent 5 consecutive years at the Riu Palace Macao and two at the new and elegant Riu Palace Punta Cana, which is truly a spectacular and beautiful resort. It's becoming increasingly more lovely as the plants, flowers and trees grow more lush every year. The landscaping is gorgeous and gardeners work full time to keep us mesmerized and awed by the beauty of our surroundings.The beach is spectacular and you can walk for miles and miles and not run out of beach. The ocean is lovely and warm and a truly marvellous experience. Having 5 Riu resorts in the area to check out and visit is also great and there are lots of things to see and do. The air is fragrant with lush wonderful plants and flowers and it's so nice to get away from our own very polluted North American cities and breath some fresh and delightful ocean air for a week or two.We're looking forward to booking another two weeks at the Riu Palace Punta Cana - same time next year!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JZenMaryland
<Content>No Hot Water for a Week in Entire Resort Complex! My husband, parents, and I stayed there the week of May 5-9. Upon arrival on Monday, we were not informed that the entire resort complex of Rius were without hot water and would be until at least Friday. We had stayed at this beautiful resort two years ago when it first opened and Riu Palaces in Aruba, Mexico, etc., with absolutely no problems. And we have stayed at over 15 six Apple resorts in the Caribbean and this is the first review I have ever written on tripadvisor. In other words, I'm not one to complain about little details. Not knowing that the water problem was ongoing, we dealt with no hot water for the first day. When I called to inquire about the hot water the next evening, I was abruptly hung up on by the front desk staff. I immediately headed to the hotel manager who was just as unconcerned as his staff about this basic necessity as well as a potential health hazard. I asked how employees were properly washing their hands, how the kitchen was properly washing utensils, etc. He absolutely could have cared less!!!Our Apple rep was the only honest person on the resort. She at least told us that the problem would not be fixed soon and began working on moving us to another resort (after I insisted), which took 5 visits to her to finally get moved to Dreams on the last day of our trip! As for the rooms, they definitely smelled like mold and mildew. This is really unbelievable for a hotel that is only 2 years old. My parents' room had the added smell of strong urine. They never used clean mops with cleaning solution to mop the rooms or hallways. The dining system is truly flawed. Who wants to get up early and wait in a 20 minute line on vacation? At Dreams, there were no reservations required which was much better. As for the staff, they seemed very unhappy and were just downright rude to us throughout the resort.In summary, my biggest complaint is that there are definitely management concerns at this hotel. It is difficult to understand that a hotel of this rating would not be willing to at least be honest with the guests and compensate them in some way for not having the basic necessity of hot water for their entire stay. I have contacted the company directly and have received NO response, not even We apologize for the inconvenience.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>taveljunkie
<Content>Well Worth It I just returned from the Riu Palace from a week's stay from May.4/08 until May.11/08. The weather was perfect, low 90's and no rain. The hotel is very clean and nice. The food is definately European, as the majority of the guests are from there, but I didn't mind it. The steak resturant was really good, no complaints except that it is outside. The room did have a musty smell, but the key is to ask for a de-humidifier. We asked a maid at night and she brought one in 5 mins!! It totally got rid of the smell and we had it for the whole week. The people at the front desk won't give you one as quickly though, so keep that in mind. The pools were great, no complaints. THe beach was terrific, the water was so nice, not too cold. The maids and the waiters were very friendly and we tipped them alot because of it. The other staff was not as friendly, but it didn't really bother us. Overall it was a great vacation. I have stayed at 7 other Riu resorts over the last few years and it is definately worth the trip. Just remember it is a very poor country and if the standards are a bit different. If you are going to relax and have fun, you'll enjoy it!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>AndreaMokenaIllinois
<Content>Definitely not a Palace...Moldy, must smell everywhere!!!!! I never planned on writing a review but this is a warning of why future visitors should stay away. Arrived on May 4th(Sunday). Let's call this an adventure. They told us our room was not ready and to go and have lunch. Had lunch, went back to reception area. They gave us 2 keys one for the room the other for the safe. We gp to our room...the smell was awful!!!! Trying not to ruin our vacation we unpacked our luggage...that was our first mistake. By the time we finished I realized that I was not going to be able to stay in that room. Back to reception and very nicely told them that the room stunk. It was a horrible mildewy mold smell. They took us to another room which was a little better...but I knew that if we stayed in the room for any length of time it would get worse. Back down to reception area and with 2 more rooms to choose from we agreed on one that you could hardly smell the moldy smell. Now we go back to the original room and repack, go back down to reception area,turn in room key and get the new key for the room. My husband and I decided after unpacking that we definitely needed a drink. Went to the pool area with our suits on sat down and thought okay ready for the start of our very much needed vacation. Styed by the pool for about 2 hours had our drinks and decided it was time to get showered and dressed for dinner. The water in the room was just barely warm. I thought it was because it was close to dinner time and everyone was taking showers. Had a fairly decent dinner, had a drink, went to watch the entertainment, went back to room(which was beginning to smell worse) and went to sleep. Yes, now it's Monday a.m. time to shower before going for breakfast...no hot water!!!! Stopped at reception before breakfast to tell them that there was a problem. They said they would have it fixed. At 4:00 p.m. there still was no hot water. They said they were working on it. Tuesday a.m. again or still no hot water. They said by noon it would be fixed. Around noon I still had no hot water,once again went down to reception and was told the hot water would be on soon. I also talked to our Apple Rep who said she knew there was a problem but she was told that they gave them until Wednesday afternoon to fix the problem. Wednesday a.m. still same old song and dance. Water will be on by 4:00. These stories were getting old. I asked to talk to a manager. About 5 minutes latter Mario appears. I told him how disappointed I was that I kept on getting different stories. I also noticed that they were still taking in guests as if there was not a problem. I was real upset as I saw girls coming in carrying wedding gowns waiting to have a wonderful wedding, I truly felt very sorry for them. They were in for a big surprize Stinky rooms and no hot water. Mario and I did not see eye to eye on how they were dealing with a bad situation. I was wondering how all the help washed their hands. I was thinking of the health issues that could be arising. I was told then that it just wasn't the Palace that had no hot water but the whole chhain of Riu's in Punta Cana. I asked him when we were going to get the hot water and he finally said he could not guarantee when. I went back to the Apple rep and told her that I think she and Mario better talk. I asked her if Apple had a back up plan...she was not aware of any. By this time I was fuming. I was a lady on a mission to get the heck out of there. All I wanted was a hot shower. Yes, I realize that we are in a foreign third world country and the price we paid for the week definitely should have included hot water.This was a 6 star hotel that really had no idea how to handle a problem like this. At 4:50 that Wednesday afternoon I headed back up to our room...no hot water...back down to reception to find out what they had to say this time. Talked to Apple rep she said she could make me out a voucher to go to Dreams Resort but the bus was leaving at 5:20. Panicking I told her to make out the voucher, ran to get my husband to tell him that we had to get packed, check out of the hotel and be on a bus within 30 minutes.Poor guy road on the bus in wet swim trunks. I was lucky enough to be able to throw on a pair of shorts over my bathing suit. After a 35 minute bus ride we were at Dreams, It was a nice resort, workers were very friendly but I would not say that it is a 6 star Resort. Our vacation finally started late Wedneday nite. The pool was awsome. At 8;30 Sunday a.m. we were back on our way to the airport. Then when we got home and went to unpack Oh my God!!!!! The luggage stunk. So far I washed the clothes 2 times and they still stink from mold. I ave had the luggage out in the sun for 2 days and have been disinfecting it with spray and Frabreeze. I think I have to pitch the luggage. Like I said it was the worst vacation ever. You know, never did we get an apology or gee, I'm sorry. Sometimes it's the things like that that help you forgive...but I definitely must warn everyone The people at the Palace are not nice nor do they care what you think. The manger refused to give me his business card when I asked him. It's just the courtious thing to do when asked.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>dennyd58
<Content>LOVED THIS RESORT My wife and I recently spent the week of may 2nd to may 9th at this faboulous resort. First, lets talk about the few things otherreviews find not to their liking. WE have been to the carribeanevery year for the last 10 years and If you step off the plane anddon't smell that tropical musty smell then you are not in the carribean. The beds are firm only beacuse the resort is new andif you lay out the extra blankets under you that the resort gives youthat can be found in the closet above the room safe you will have no trouble sleeping. The food is not the best in the world but in the main dining room the multilpe choices you are given are more than enough to satisfy any one. We had lamb one night,roast pork the next and they offer a different meat each night. This along with a great saled bar, a fruit bar and a desert bargive every one a great variety of choices. You can also make reservations at one of their 5 different eateries located on the propertry. They have theme nights in the main dining room 3 times a week. We really enjoyed mexican night. The beaches arebeautifull and unlike what happened to the beaches in play-a -car mexico after the hurricane a couple of years ago you can walk or jog them to your hearts content. A few tips for you first timers you can use. 1- Channel 76 on the room tv's is nesn andcovers all the red sox games. 2- Stay away from the casino in the palace-maco. They will give you a 10 dollar chip when you walk inthe door and lead you to a new game to use it on. The game is a rip-off so beware. If you just want to play slots then visit the sports bar in the palace punta cana. they have their own. 3- Bringa couple of your own towels and right before breakfast take themto the beach and secure your beach chairs for the day, no one willtouch them. This resort has planted a good number of palm treesto keep you out of the direct sun if you prefer. 4- While there fill outa form for a RIU CLASS CARD and turn it in to the lobby desk. This card will get you a room upgrade on your next visit.This resort is beautiful and clean and the service is great. We gave our server a base-ball cap. an extra I had, and he just bentover backwards to please us. Please don't let a negative reviewstop you from enjoying this faboulous resort. We can not wait to rebook this resort again. Just outstanding  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>newlywedsChicago_IL
<Content>Rooms DO Smell We stayed here on our honeymoon the week of Aug 21st . Here is quick and honest review of what we thought of our stay.Upside: The resort is clean, the building is decorated nicely, the food was above average (for a 3rd world country), the beaches are great, and the staff is pleasant and attentive to your needs.Downside: 1) The rooms definitely smell. Its like the humidity just rots the linen, couch fabric, and basically the entire room. The air conditioning helps but its no where near what it needs to be when you want to walk into a room that is refreshing and cool instead of musty and sticky.2) The dining system is flawed, the whole idea of setting an alarm to get up and wait in a 15-20 minute line on vacation does not make sense. We have been to Dreams all inclusive in Cancun which was open seating and that system worked fine. Also, although the food was good, some dishes seemed pre-assembled like it was mass produced earlier in the week and waiting for you in a fridge.3) Drinks are just okay. The bars outdoor and at the pool all serve drinks in these little flimsy cups that are only 8oz (not exactly ideal).4) House Keeping - Until we complained our room would not get cleaned until around 3:30pm - 4:00pm in the afternoon. This could just apply to certain rooms since we were at the end of the hall, but it was pretty annoying when you're up and out by 8am everyday.All in all the stay was good. Its just when you pay the extra money for a 5/6 star Golden Apple resort, you expect to have no major complaints. I guess since The Domincan really only became developed for tourists in the past 20 years, they may be a little behind. I've defintely had nicer vacations in Mexico. I would not choose to stay @ Riu Palace Punta Cana again.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>fchiggi2
<Content>Don't Stay Here if You Like Comfortable Beds Okay, I never write anybody for anything... very easy going. Nothing fizzes me. First I have stayed at a lot of nice places and yes, the grounds of the Riu Palace in Punta Cana were stunning. But those beds!!!!!! They were horrible!!!!!!!! Hard as rock. It ruined my whole trip. I went down, yes, with a sore back but I came back with a herniated disc and sciatica. When I got back I went to the doc and got diagnosed and am now in bed for one week straight (a comfortable bed btw) By the third day, I could not walk... literally couldn't straighten my body when I got out of bed and I am 46 years old. I went with three other couples. ALL of us said the same thing... we would never come back because of the beds. If you like hard beds, then stay there or if you are in your twenties, stay there but if you are forty or over, stay at the Majestic Colonial - you will love it there, much better than here.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>PA123456
<Content>The room smelt like Mildew My husband and I just returned from a five day stay at the Rui Palace Punta Cana. There were several things we wanted to share regarding the resort. First the good - the resort is beautiful, food good, the hotel is very clean, the beach is outstanding. Plenty of lounging chairs at the beach and the pool.Now the bad - the room smelt like mildew. It was terrible. We noticed the odor became stronger when the air conditioning was running. When we returned home I had to watch all our clothing twice (Frebreeze helped to eliminate the smell). Our luggage had to be sprayed and put out in the sun to help eliminate the smell.On two separate occasions we tried to get beach towels, one time at 10:30 AM, and they were out of towels. Language is a problem - most of the employees do not speak English.The main reason we would not return to this resort is due to the mildew smell in the rooms. If that problem was resolved, we would return.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>SuniD
<Content>Loved the Riu Palace Just came back from a 7 day stay at the RIU Palance, Punta Cana. We were very nervous due to so many bad reviews of this hotel. The hotel was the cleanest place we have ever stayed in. The grounds were just beautiful. As mentioned by other reviews, the food was bland, but we could always find something to our liking. The beds were fine. We actually slept very well. There is a very strong musty smell that is very apparent. We were on the third floor, so we had hoped that the smell would not be so bad, but it was. I think you get used to it by the middle of the week, but when we arrived home, it was very noticable, especially our suitcases. We finally got the smell out of our clothes after two washings. The water pressure was fine and the rooms were actually very spacious for all the more you are in it. The pool area was beautiful. We never had trouble finding a place to put our towels, and I don't think there was a bad spot. The waiters were very prompt everywhere we went. By the second or third day, they would even remember what your usual drink was. Every evening, there was music and entertainment which was very enjoyable. The beach in front of our hotel was probably the nicest due to the palm trees which provide plenty of shade if you have had too much sun. Every morning, you can make reservations at each restaurant for dinner that evening by going to the Italian Restaurant and signing in (just a little tip, some people were making reservations for several days in advance!) Don't let the bad reviews keep you from the Palace. We had a great time and would recommend the Palace for a quiet low key vacation which is just what we were looking for!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>takealittletrip09
<Content>Truly a Palace First of all I would like to start out by saying that you cannot believe everything you hear. My husband and I came to the conclusion that there are some people that will find anything to complain about. We were leary about this resort due to the postings we read here. A little background on us: we are both in our early 30's and I am a teacher and he is a financial advisor. We have stayed in the Mayan Riviera twice. Once at the Moon Palace and another time at a not so nice place. We had an excellent time! Our room did not stink and I have terrible allergies along with a dog nose for bad odors. I was so worried about the room stink issue that I packed Febreze, an air freshener and an odor absorber. I did not need to use them at all. We will admit that we goofed up our a/c switch on the last day and yes it did become humid and had a scent. Therefore, keep the a/c on.Food: We were pleasently surprised...again, we read all of the complaints about the food. It was actually very good. We are used to All- Inclusive places not having the best food. However, that's not why we go on vacation either.I believe that there are some people that forget that you are in a foreign country and you cannot be so ethnocentric and expect to have everything Americanized for you. I enjoyed trying their cuisine and we even enjoyed the buffet. (we are not buffet people either).The Steakhouse was good...loved the chicken. Many people raved about SIr Oscars (we missed our reservations). The Japanese Rest. was not that impressive but, was okay.Service: Great service. A little tipping goes a long way. These people drive 8-9 hours to work at this resort. They leave their families for 12-15 days and go back for 3. Therefore, even though it's All-Inclusive a dollar or 2 is appreciated.See Marino at the Buffet...he was wonderful! Josuelo at the pool bar took great care of us, too. Juliana at the lobby bar...she was a sweetheart.Grounds/Maintenance: Very clean and well maintained. The people are always working and cleaning. We did not see one critter or cockroach anywhere! Room: Beautiful. The bed wasn't too bad. We have stayed in much worse. Very clean and beautiful.Our only complaints: The bathrooms are too far from the pool and beach. Our second is the most common: the reservation system for dinner. We didn't like having to commit to where we were going for dinner at 8:30 a.m. Then, you only have two dinner time choices 6:30 and 9:00. We often missed our reservation due to too much fun at the Pool Bar or a certain place was booked.We would highly recommend this resort to couples. There are some families however, due to the dinner schedule and lack of kid programs I would say to leave the little ones home. We had a great time and we met some wonderful people. We hope you find this review helpful.StaceyMidland, Michigan  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dtss
<Content>OMG ! Much better hotels for your money ! Just returned from this supposed 5+ Star resort. Here it is in a nutshell. I am not a big complainer btw. I read all the negative reviews on this resort and decided that some people are just not happy wherever they go. I have to say, that i agree 100% with each and every one of those disappointed travellers. Hotel - Beautiful from the outside. The lobby, grounds and atmosphere 5 star. The service 2 star. The food doesn't even rate a star. Okay I'll give it a minus1 star. I am still trying to get the mold smell out of my nose and clothes. Something is wrong here. Every room smells! Air conditioning sucks. Water pressure was non existent. We had no hot water at all the first two days. The beds are like rocks. The food is absolutely disgusting. As a sidenote I will eat ANYTHING. I couldn't find a single thing on the buffet that tasted right. Plus they serve RECYCLED food. Last night's main course is today's lunch special. TOTALLY YUCKADOO! I ended up living for 14 days with a diet consisting of pizza - spaghetti and fries. I felt like a 5 year old ! I NEVER eat that kind of crap at home ! Even the a la cartes were a disappointment. That's iif you were lucky enough or stupid enough to stand and line from 7 a.m. to 8:30 am and get a reservation. We have been to the DR. 5 times. stayed in some beautiful resorts. Tried to go back this year to some faves but they were booked so we decided to try the Palace. We have also been to Mexico and stayed at the Riu Palace 3 times. NO complaints there. For the money there are much better resorts in Punta Cana. The beach wasn't even that great. I had to walk about an hour away to actually go into CLEAR water in the ocean. Not much of a seaweed fan ! All in all an experience that I would rather not repeat.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	3	1	3	

<Author>IlliniLJ
<Content>My Clothes Still Smell What a dump! Don't be deceived by the beautiful pictures. We would have probably been better off staying at the local airport hotel. What can I say that has not already been said in other reviews.Room- Smelled like a cave. After washing my clothes multiple times I still can not get the mold smell out. Do not bring anything that you plan on wearing ever again. Bed was as comfortable as lying on tile floor. Sheets were crisp, probably from not being cleaned.Food- French Fries were ok. Had to get used to them because that was the only thing that was even remotely edible. The first day I tried some cheese and it tasted like wallpaper glue. Drinks - Don't bother. I have had better cocktails at a junior high party. Watered down, flat, basically undrinkable. The best drink in the resort is the gallon jug of water in the luke warm room fridge. If food poisoning and smelling like a swamp is your thing, book your trip to the RIU Palace immediately. If not, do your self a favor and book a room at your local Motel 6. You'll probably get better service without the mold.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>job13ri
<Content>Palace is paradise       Our view!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Cripey
<Content>Great place to relax! I just returned last week from a 6 day stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. I had been reading many many of the reviews on this website in the month prior to my vacation and honestly I was really nervous becuase of so many negative reviews. I am happy to report that the vacation was wonderful and we had no problems at all. The hotel is beautiful and extrememly well-kept. The room was spacious and had no smell whatsoever. We were on the first floor looking out to the fountains and pool. We were so nervous about all the complaints of mildew smells that we came armed with fabric refresher and room deodorizers....thankfully, we didn't need them! Yes, the beds were quite firm. I'm used to sleeping on a very soft pillow-top mattress so I was a tad uncomfotable during the night, but it wasn't something that bothered me enough to make it a major complaint. I just booked a massage to work any kinks out....which brings me to the spa....in all, I booked a total of 3 treatments during my stay; a massage, facial and the after-sun treatment. I thoroughly enjoyed each one and was pleasantly surprised at the cost....lower than what I expected at a resort. The massage rooms were neat and clean and very peaceful. The pool and beach were wonderful. I did spend most of my sun-time by the pool because the time we were there it was very windy out and I felt I was getting sand-blasted on the beach at times. The beach and ocean were breathtaking to look at of course. I never had any trouble finding a chair at the pool and there was always a waiter around to bring you a drink. The pina coladas were excellent! Another thing I worried about before the trip due to the reviews was the food. I really enjoy eating out and trying new foods on my vacations and I was again pleasantly surprised. The buffet at all meal times was very extensive and the food was great. We tried the Gourmet, Italian, and Brazilian a la carte restraunts and they were all good as well. Was it the best meal I've ever had? No, but it was pretty good and I had no complaints. Everything was fresh and I did not get sick at all. I will say that the room service menu could do with some expanding...the menu is very limited, but it did the trick for the one evening that we decided to eat in. We only managed to stay out for one of the evening shows...it was a Michael Jackson impersonator. The show was fairly entertaining. This hotel is definitely not the party place if that's what you are looking for. I was there for the sun and relaxation and that's what I got. I did make the walk over to Caribbean Street at one of the other Riu properties to go shopping and found several shops there with nice things to take home with me for souveniers. I thought the prices were reasonable as well. The one complaint I did have had nothing to do with the hotel...it was some of the other guests. I was surprised at how few people I noticed tipping. I realize that it's an all-inclusive and the hotel website states that all gratuities are included, but come on...these people work hard and doubtedly are well-compensated. A meager buck or two goes alot further for them that what we might realize. We made sure we went down there with a load of $1 bills for tipping. On the average I only gave $1 per drink while I was at the pool or beach, $5 per spa service, and a few dollars a day left in the room for maid service. Then for meals we decided to leave $2 each when eating at the buffet and $5 each when eating at the a la carte restraunts since the meals there are not buffet and are fully served by wait staff. Maybe it was just us, but we were really shocked that we hardly ever saw anyone leave any tips when they got up from their table, especially since the service always seemed to be so attentive. I hope this review is helpful to anyone who might be having second thoughts about staying at this hotel based on other reviews. If you are looking for a nice, calm, peaceful and relaxing vacation you HAVE to go here!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mammar
<Content>relaxing holiday in the sun A truly beautiful hotel sitting on a typically carribean beach of white sand and azure blue sea.The standard of cleanliness was exceptional with the maids taking great delight in the decoration of the towels and bathrooms with fresh flowers.There is the opportunity to eat in one of 5 a la carte restaurants which need to be booked in a morning, we tried them all and the gourmet Sir Oscar was superb serving fusion food. The food in the buffet dining room was of a high standard for lunch and dinner with a wide range of dishes available.All of the staff were pleasant and friendly.For excursions outside of the hotel into the villages you need to be prepared with books, pencils and sweets for the children and toileteries for the older ones especially toothpaste.The only downside for us was that it was not possible to venture out of the the Riu village as there is nowhere to go but this is an ideal holiday for rest and relaxation.Riu you have succeeded again a truly excellent hotel chain we have tried 5 so far cannot wait for the Riu palace in Grand Canaria in June.Carol  Bill Wileman England  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NJCaroline
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing! We are a family of six and had an excellent stay at Riu Palace March 21-28. Check-in a breeze, rooms are clean and very nice. Grounds are beautiful and maintained meticulously. Everyone who worked there was pleasant and friendly. Pool and spa were beautiful. Beach was spectacular! Always a beach chair and vacant palm tree on the beach. Umbrellas were a premium by the pool..... especially if you got out there after 11AM. I think this was because a lot of families were by the pool, and they wanted shade for their children. Chairs were never an issue for us. Food was very good. Breakfast was excellent. Lunch was sufficient, and by the end of the week, the dinner buffet was predictable, but good. Desserts at the buffet were awesome at all times. Fruit was always fresh, ripe, and plentiful. We did go to the Brazilian Restaurant and that was wonderful. The Japanese Restaurant was just OK. The shows at night were very entertaining. There is a plaza bar between the restaurants and the theatre, and it's a nice place to hang out after dinner and before the show. There was always music playing, and plenty of tables for everyone, with beautiful views of the fountains and perfect night lighting. My children loved the Kids Club. There were many activities for them there and they met other children as well. Our children also loved the mini disco in the theatre every night at 8PM. The animation team was lively and recruited people to play games (bingo, ping pong, water aerobics, darts, etc). They were very entertaining without being annoying. The frozen drinks were awesome. Very attentive staff at all times for us. As a non-smoker, the only thing that bugged me was that there was an ashtray everywhere you went, which invited people to smoke anywhere and everywhere. I live in a state where there is no smoking in public restaurants and buildings, and I found it rude for people to smoke in the restaurants with no regard for the people (and children) around them (especially the Europeans, who smoked like chimneys). That was my biggest pet peeve. Other than that, our week was perfecto! Go and enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>red_snapper50
<Content>A Really Great Time BACKGROUNDOur stay: March 8-15, 2008Our age: 30-40Our purpose: Honeymoon/Renewal of Vows on the Beach. After getting married in February, 2008, we were renewing our vows through a ceremony on the beachOur Travel Package: SunquestOur flight: Skyservice 鈥?Direct: Ottawa, Ontario, Canada 鈥?Punta Cana, Dominican RepublicWHAT WE WERE LOOKING FOR: Solid hotel, warmth, fun and excitement, party atmosphere, new friends, nice wedding, great food, activities and a really good excursion or twoOUR FEARS: Sickness, sleeplessness, poor food, boredom, bad weatherOUR PREVIOUS ALL-INCLUSIVE EXPERIENCE: between us - 2 trips to Cuba, 1 trip to DominicanRESULTS:OUR HOTEL: Upon our arrival at the RIU Bambu, we immediately mentioned to the front desk that we were getting married. As a result, we were immediately upgraded from the RIU Bambu to the RIU Palace Punta Cana. The Palace is amazing. It is spectacular 鈥?inside and out. Comparable to anything in Canada (a great surprise). Our only reservations regarding the rooms: musty smell and no water on the Saturday that we left.Warmth: The setting on this beach almost seems 鈥榤an made鈥? It couldn鈥檛 be more unbelievable. Although a strong wind the first few days, made beach life 鈥渃hallenging鈥? it didn鈥檛 hamper things too much. They shut down a lot of the aquatic activities (sea kayaks, pedal and sail boats); only to re-open them for the rest of the week - once the wind died down on Tuesday.FUN and EXCITEMENT: We had an excellent week of fun and excitement. We always had something to do. Drinky, drinky, drinky helped quite a bit. We fell in love with the soft serve ice cream at the Palace Macau.PARTY ATMOSPHERE: For a fun party, the Palace is not the place to be. To relax in the sunshine, the Palace is the place to be. Many older, and I assume, wealthy people stay at this hotel versus the others. After a plethora of beverages in the hot sun all day, we found it a challenge to stay out past 10:00. Throughout the week, we only watched the animation shows only twice. Overall, we were not super impressed. The ability of Palace patrons to visit all of the Riu hotels on the beach made for a great vacation. We loved the Bambu pool area 鈥?especially later in the afternoons. NEW FRIENDS: The hotels at the Riu resort offer an extremely international flavor of patrons. We met/saw several Europeans, Americans, Canadians and a few South and Central Americans. We had no problem meeting new friends and having them accompany us in our marriage ceremony.FOOD: Really good food. The buffet was excellent. The a la carte restaurants were excellent. We particularly enjoyed Sir Oscar鈥檚 Steak House. The serving staff was excellent.ACTIVITIES: I played volleyball on the beach at 10:30 - five of the seven days. It was organized in that a member of the animation team was always there to gather people up to start the game. He was responsible for getting things up and running and played a little. Other than that, the players pretty much ran things. The level was beginner/Intermediate. The rest of the resort-run activities didn鈥檛 interest me. However, this isn鈥檛 to say that the animation team wasn鈥檛 good or wasn鈥檛 trying. Upon a recommendation from a friend from home, we managed to borrow a sea kayak and to head out by the wrecked freighter in hopes of catching some 鈥榯asty waves鈥? There was an element of risk involved, but not overly dangerous. It was fun and I am glad I did it.EXCURSIONS: On our second day, we sat through the Sunquest seminar/explanation of all of the available excursions (about an hour) at the Bambu (our original hotel). At $40-$350 USD, nothing really appealed to me. However, on our walk back to the Palace, I stopped in at, what I called, 鈥楾he Dive Hut鈥? a small building between the Bambu and the Palace which houses, among other things, all things scuba. After a brief talk with Herbert, I decided to take the pool course the next day. After the course, my wife and I decided to take the excursion to Catalina Island (located on the Caribbean side of DR). The cost of the trip was about $300 USD for both of; $200 for me to scuba and $100 for my wife to snorkel. The trip was the whole day (6:45 AM 鈥?7:15 PM). The drive totaled 6 hours (3 hours there; 3 hours back). The two dives were really nice. Among lots of aquatic life, I saw a barracuda and a manta. I must admit, I prefer the coral in Cuba. I always felt safe. I have watched some of the video since and I believe that I was always with qualified people 鈥?who cared. They provide a lunch on the island that was very resort like. This was a very pleasant surprise. Everyone (service providers and clientele alike) seemed very happy.OUR FEARSSICKNESS: My wife and I started taking malaria pills a couple of weeks before our departure. They made me feel nauseous. We were very careful in what we ate on the trip. 鈥淚f you can鈥檛 peel it, don鈥檛 eat it鈥?was our mantra. I took ammonium every day for the first few days. May wife and I ate Pepto pills as well. If anything, all of these precautions made me irregular. No illness.SLEEPLESSNESS: Unfortunately, I brought a little insomnia from home with me on the trip. This had nothing to do with the rooms. The a/c in the room was excellent.POOR FOOD, BOREDOM AND BAD WEATHER: none, none and none!TIPS AND TRICKSNothing new to this web site 鈥?barter on everything (there鈥檚 always a lower price), bring lots of small US currency (a gratuity goes a long way). Read Trip Advisor 鈥?an excellent resource! Get a great travel agent - Chris, the Manager at Flight Center - Downtown Toronto is excellent.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SEJM
<Content>Wonderful Vacation! We travelled to Punta Cana Dec 1st-Dec 8th, 2007. The weather was beautiful, the resort gorgeous, the staff hardworking  friendly, the food delicious. We had read many, many reviews prior to going and were a little apprehensive based on the variety of reviews there were. However, there is no way you can please everybody. We had a wonderful vacation, nobody got ill, and would definately return! We were very impressed and had an enjoyable experience at the Riu Palace Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yesse
<Content>Overall good vacation, but did have some disappointments. Ok, I took my fiancee here for his birthday last year, and completely forgot to write a review, until now that I was searching for next years vacation-to-be.Anyhow, here we go:Service  staff: was pretty good, had no complaints. Our rooms were always cleaned in the morning and turned down in the evening. As long as you tip well, they'll treat you well, make sure you take SMALL bills because making change does become a problem.The overall presence of the hotel: very clean, maintained, nice courtyard area, beautiful and clean pool.Rooms: ugh. Probably the biggest disappointment. After reading much of the other reviews, I would have to agree with most of the negative comments. Although they were very clean...* There definitely was a mildew smell in the room.* The bed was as hard as a rock. So hard, that we tried sleeping on the sofabed, but that wasn't any better.The Spa: very good, we had massages done the day before we left and it was definitely one of the best decisions.Food: average, but then again, it is buffet. For the restaurants at the hotel, yes you do have to make reservations in the morning. The food is good but not great nor excellent. We did have the front desk make reservations for us for my fiancee's birthday dinner at a very nice restaurant located outside of the hotel called The Jellyfish. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND. The food at that restaurant was excellent and if you want to have a GOOD drink or a beer that you know of, you'll definitely be able to have one there.Liquor at the hotel: very watered down. You definitely have to ask them to make your drinks stronger.The beach: excellent. Sandy white beach, lots of room to lay out, very pleasant.The evening shows: entertaining and fun.Other: we stayed there for a full week, so you definitely have to plan activities to do with the tour groups. We went ATV riding and we also went horseback riding on the beach, we loved both. The rest of the time we spent it by the pool or on the beach getting a tan and just relaxing.Overall: we did have a very nice time, the only thing that really disappointed us were the beds because of the lack of sleep that we had.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>NOMOSNO
<Content>Much Better Places to Stay in Punta Cana for the Money!! I have been to the Caribbean many times, so I feel that I know what is really out there. Warning... This is a very long, but, thorough review.The Weather in Punta Cana was outstanding, the resort needed some changes. We stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana March 9-15, 2008Here is what I liked:The Pool 鈥?Very cool, clean and lots of chairs and umbrellas, Nice swim up bar area.The Beach 鈥?Absolutely GorgeousOur Room AC and Mini Fridge were the coldest I have ever experienced in the Caribbean.Rooms and the resort are VERY clean and landscaping is unbelievable.Mario 鈥?The resort Director was OUTSTANDING and always there, visible and helpful.Friendly Workers 鈥?Everyone would always smile and greet you as you walked by.Here is what I did not like:The staff could not make a decent drink if their life depended on it. Everything is VERY sweet with no alcohol unless you specifically request it. Very few 鈥淐all Liquors鈥?and they are watered down, even in the room mini bar. The Margarita鈥檚 鈥?don鈥檛 even try one, they have no idea how to make one and the Tequilla is so bad that you simply can not even drink them. We tried them at every Riu 鈥?ALL YECK!The Brahma beer 鈥?taste much like it sounds - bad (group vote)鈥?and this is the ONLY beer they serve at the resort 鈥?Awful!ALL restaurants require the men to wear pants for Dinner 鈥?ABSOLUTELY NO EXCEPTIONS TO THIS!!! Not even in the Buffet. We can have topless women on every beach, but no men in shorts in the restaurants. Personally, I would much rather have seen hairy legs in the evenings than what I saw 鈥渉anging鈥?at the beaches.No night life to speak of. The Disco, which you have to pay for drinks at, is all the local workers (guys) and Prostitutes. Non-stop Salsa-ish Music with the locals trying to bump and grind anything that moves. Need I say more!Food was VERY average 鈥?at best. The specialty restaurants do have the best food, or at least better than the buffet, but, be sure to make your reservations early. Do not order extra food or servings at the restaurants, they do not want to give you more. They expect their servings to be plenty.Most rooms at this complex have NO beach view. Why go and stay in a hotel on the beach when you can not even see it. One whole side of the resort butts up to the exit road from the next Riu, lots of trucks, delivery vehicles, buses rolling through all the time. Plus all the workers walk this road to and from work so there is NO privacy. Rooms were very average. Most I have paid for a room that was so terribly average. Also, all the Rooms smell bad, very musty. Our clothes still smell like our room after two weeks and a thorough washing. The beds are Very Firm. Good if you like a firm bed, not so good it you don鈥檛. They are also very limited on King rooms. We had four couples, and we all requested Kings, two got them, two got two doubles pushed together. We had to listen to stories all week about which one fell in the 鈥渃rack鈥?each night. Made for pretty funny breakfast conversation ;-)You do have to wear a wristband here (tan lines are a promise), but not at the other Riu鈥檚. You can 鈥減lay鈥?down, but not up. In other words, if you stay at the less expensive Riu鈥檚 you can not go to the more expensive ones to eat.No bottled water 鈥?unless you purchase it in the gift shop. You have a Gallon Jug of water in your Mini fridge in your room, so you have to go get ice and drink it in a glass. You can not take a bottle of water with you like most resorts I have been to. I think everyone in our group spent more than there fair share of time in the bathroom if you know what I mean. I am sure the water/ice had something to do with that.Service 鈥?Sometimes great, sometimes very average鈥? Tipping did not help or matter.Take antibacterial cream, or purchase it there for a mere $12 a tube. Be prepared to pay if you forgot anything.Other points to note:Would I recommend this resort to a friend 鈥?NoGo to the Ocean Blue/Ocean Sands 鈥?went there three years ago 鈥?much nicer and less expensive.Transfers 鈥?Had to sit on the bus forever and wait for it to fill up before he would leave the airport. Our bus then had to stop at all the other hotels. Took us over an hour and a half to get to our hotel once we walked out of the airport. We paid extra to take a taxi back on our departure date.Our group took the Caribbean Festival Tour. Do not go on this thinking it is a booze cruise. They do not serve any drinks or alcohol until after you have swam with the sharks and snorkeled. Six of us went on this and three of us did not plan to get into the water at any time, yet they would still not let us drink. That is why we went, to be on a boat and have a few beers. $80 per person and you may get one or two drinks by the time they are done with everything. Also, lots of kids on this cruise.No decent shopping even close. They do have shops at the RIU complex, but they all have the same things and they are way overpriced. $19 for a t-shirt for my 3 yr old son. Ouch.Lots of Topless Sunbathers at the less expensive RIU resorts. Take this however you want, but, I most definitely would not take my two small boys, 3 and 5 there.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	4	3	3	

<Author>peebes37
<Content>Beautiful on the outside problems on the inside Overall we had a good experience. However, we would not call this a five star hotel. Our number one complaint is that the hotel room smelled of mold/mildew. We actually had to turn off the air conditioner and leave the door open to get some fresh air. The smell was so strong that we actually brought it back to Boston. We had to air out our suitcases. Anyone with allergies to mold, I would stay away from this resort. Also, anyone bothered by a really hard mattress would not enjoy this hotel. It was like sleeping on a board! Also, the resort did not have top shelf liquor. Other than the frozen drinks, I would not reccommend a mixed drink here. We are not big drinkers, but do appreciate a well-made cocktail. The staff was friendly and the food was good. With all this said, we did have a good time. We just think that the hotel does not deserve five stars. We have stayed in several all-inclusive resorts that do deserve the rating.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>wombat104
<Content>Riu Review Stayed at the Riu from 3/16 to 3/22/08. We booked though Apple on a square deal, so we didn't know where we were staying until we arrived at the airport. The resort is very nice, but we felt that it was missing some things.Likes: *Impressive lobby*Easy check-in*Very clean rooms*A la carte restaurants were good*Great beachDislikes: *The decoration theme didn't feel very Carribbean, it was cold and not inviting*Our room was next to the access road for the Riu Bambo which meant if we slept with our window's open we would hear the flow of traffic to the Bambo....kind of spoiled the setting*The buffet was only ok, expected better quality food things got cold rather quickly*The A la carte reservation system!!!! You have to stand in line each day to reserve a restaurant. People started lining up at 7am and they started taking reservations around 8:30. What a waste of the morning....terrible system.*The availablility of the A la carte's....their are only 2 seatings 6:30 and 9pm. *The pool is rather small and unimpressive, plus no water sports are available (volleyball, bastball, polo, etc.)On the whole we had a great time, but I just think for the price/rating the Palace comes up a bit short.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carlbobtx
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana - Nice, but lacking in some areas First off, I would say do read many of the reviews before going. There is merit in some of the negative comments about the resort. I've been to several all inclusive hotels in Mexico and the Caribbean, and I feel qualified to add my comments about the Riu here. I'll give you my overall rating then break down each area and tell you my thinking when rating each. Overall Rating: Average - If you have the cash pay more to go to a nicer place, like Excellence. Overall I will not go back as I can get the same or better in Mexico and it's only a 2.5 hour flight from where I live (in Texas). This was basically the same or a little poorer experience and a much longer flight (flights actually).Resort (exterior): Above Average - The property is beautiful, the grounds are clean (so clean I was impressed). It is large, which I think makes some services that would make the resort better impossible to implement because of size and cost (see below).Resort (Pool): Above Average - Nice.Spa - Above Average - We had massages. We liked.Beach - Excellent - Beautiful. Ocean was rougher than I am used to seeing in Mexico.Rooms: Average - Ours had a musty smell (and yes, I've been to many nice resorts in Mexico and other places that were on the beach and are much older than this resort, and they never had the musty smell). Beds were hard as a rock (this has happened before also at other resorts I've been to, don't like it too much). The air conditioning doesn't work too well most of the time (it didn't in our room anyway).Drinks: Average.. The wines were fine to me, the red (dry) seemed better than the dry white they had. There is no bottled water in the Hotel (you can buy it), but if you want water it's in a jug in your room fridge. Don't know if they are doing this to cut costs or not. All other resorts like this I have been to had bottled water available in your room and at the pool and/or beach.Food: Average.. Good but not great. The main issue here is that (unlike other resorts I've been to) they do not offer or want you to take/eat food out of the restaurants. If you want to grab something in between meals, it is available (at what is the steakhouse at night), but you have to eat it in there. Sure, you could carry some of it out on a plate (not a to go plate, a real plate or bowl) as some did, however they don't like that. Most other resorts I've been to allow you to not only order food poolside, but some even grilled it right there. The resort is large, so perhaps that is the issue. Other: If you want to eat at the sit down restaurants at night, you have to make a reservation. This sounds ok, however their concept is a bit strange. The sit down restaurants are small compared to the size of the resort, so they take reservations between 9 a.m. - 12 p.m. daily. The only problem is - you have to get up and make the reservations in person in front of the Italian restaurant, and most people are there by 8 a.m. It's ridiculous. We did get in to all the restaurants we wanted, but to get into Sir Oscar (which only holds 40 people or so) we had to show up at 7:00 in the morning to get a spot. Something to consider. Some may say that they got into the restaurants and were there at a later time. Remember that the difficulty of getting into these places is proportionate to the number of people at the resort at that time. People visiting during the off season when the resort is not full could get in more easily. We went during Spring break, and there were a lot of guests. If you don't get what you want, they always have the buffet, and the food is fine there. All the other resorts I've visited let you call and make a reservation - not wait in line early in the morning of your vacation.Entertainment - Staff was excellent, Shows were good. No complaints.Night life - None, but there's nothing there, so no gripes here. Know what you are getting into before you go.Service - Average - The staff was friendly at times at not at others. I did tip if they were nice and gave good service. I understand the poverty of the country. The Riu employees actually live on resort property, in apartments( I suppose) that were built by Riu for them - It's better than the alternative I guess.Money and such - Have small bills before you go to tip, etc.. If you need money there is an ATM in the employee area of the Riu complex, Otherwise the resort next door (Bahia Principe) has a bank on the property. Most of the stores around there take credit cards as well.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lanie49
<Content>Don't Let Anyone Discourage You From This Hotel! Just returned from a wonderful one week vacation at this hotel.This resort is absolutely beautiful. From the lobby to the courtyard, the rooms, the beautiful manicured garden and pool. Was very impressed how well cared for it was.Check-in went very smoothly. The front desk person was very courteous and we were offered a welcome cocktail by one of the staff.Had a very nice room facing the courtyard. We paid a very nominal fee to upgrade to this room and it was well worth it. The rooms was spotless. However, it did have some sort of slight odor. It wasn't mold or mildew. Couldn't quite figure it out. Smelled more like a musty smell. You could smell it whenever you walked in but after a while it didn't really bother you. We kept the A/C fan in the lowest position and this seemed to help. Our friends were right next door and had no odor in their room at all. In talking with some people who were staying at the hotel we did come across one other person who had the same musty smell in their room. Seems some rooms have it while others don't. This really was not a big issue with us.The food at the buffet was not bad at all. Nothing spectacular but you could always find something to eat and none of us ever left hungry. Breakfast at the buffet was really great. The variety of foods was really impressive. However the variety for lunch and dinner changed just a little from day to day. Only did three of the al a carte restaurants. The Italian...was just okay, the gourmet Sir Oscar....nice presentation and food was also okay. Not too crazy about the steak house. Overall the food was average. The most important thing to us was no one got sick. I had gone to another resort a few years ago and got very ill from the food and was really apprehensive about going back to the DR. So I was very happy we all stayed in good health.The majority of the staff were very friendly and really tried their best to be attentive. Many spoke English but a pretty fair amount only Spanish. Drinks were constantly being served whenever you sat by the pool, courtyard or showroom.If you are looking to relax this is a great resort. However, if you are looking for nightlife you might be disappointed. We had a wonderful time and will definately stay at this resort again if we vacation in the DR.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SusanR421
<Content>Beautiful Resort We stayed here 3/10/08-3/15/08. We were looking for a place to go to just de-stress and this was perfect. The hotel is beautiful and well kept. We had a mini-suite which was very nice and comfortable. The only complaint with it was the bed - very hard, one step above a concrete slab. After a couple of days, you kind of got used to it, but it took awhile.The food was ok. The main dining room was a buffet which was very extensive. Breakfast was usually the same choices but they were plentiful. We were there for 5 days and we had something different each day. The coffee is very strong. I would compare it to Starbucks. The service was great. Not too much english was spoken by the staff, but enough that they understood if you asked for something.Lunch was also buffet style, but served in the steakhouse, which was close to the pool area. It had the same menu everyday which included salads, pizza, burgers, franks and other hot food. It also had fresh cut up fruit and numerous sweets.Dinner in the buffet was also nice. The menu was extensive, so you could have something different each night it you wanted to. I don't like eating in a buffet all the time and after breakfast and lunch, I kind of wanted a more formal restaurant where I was served. In order to do that you had to make a reservation at one of the other 5 restaurants. You had to wait on line each day. They told us at the front desk when we checked in to meet in front of Luigis Italian Restaurant 10-12 to make your reservation. You had to do this each day because you couldn't pre-book. That wasn't entirely true. The doors opened at 8:30 a.m. If you weren't among the first 15-20 people, you weren't going to get the reservation you wanted. There are 2 seatings, 6:30 and 9:15. We would prefer to eat early, but on the first morning being we thought it started at 10:00, we were out of luck and had to eat in the buffet again. Wednesday morning, we went out at 7:30 and believe it or not, were third on line. We booked the Italian restaurant and found that we could book 1 day in advance in the Steak House or the Brazilian restaurant. We booked the Steak House for Thursday. The Italian Restaurant had a antipasto buffet which was absolutely delicious. The main course on the other hand was not too good. The stuffed chicken had no spice or taste and the beef was really undercooked. The Steak House was great. Their rib eye and their chicken was actually very good. We ended up eating the the Steak House the next day since we enjoyed and had heard that the other restaurants were only ok.The bottom line:Food - there was really something for everyone, so anybody who said it was horrible is very hard to please and wouldn't be happy anywhere.Hotel - Beautiful and well kept. Great pool with swim up bar, plenty of seats and umbrellas. The rooms were comfortable and quite big with nice balconies. The refrigerator was always stocked and there were ice machines on each floor. The corridors were outside and looked onto a garden - very pretty. We liked that there were only 4 floors. You didn't feel like it's a big huge hotel.Staff - very friendly and helpfulAll in all it was a great vacation and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lovethisplanet
<Content>Loved Loved Loved it! I cannot say enough great things about this place!The Beach is spectacular. Miles and Miles of white sand and blue water. Activities are in abundance.The Food was the finest of quality. We loved Sir Oscar's.The staff are joyous and hard working. Never expecting anything.The fellow guests were wonderful.I would recommend this resort in a heart beat.You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisbennettca
<Content>Great place My girlfriend and I were at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from feb 24 to mar 3 of 08 for my sisters wedding (they stayed at the bambo)and loved every min of it. The place is beautiful inside and out. I found most of the food very good from the buffet and the 2 al la carts that we went were good as well. We only went to the Brazilian, which was fantastic and the steak house, which I wasn't that fond of. The rooms were amazing as well, The beds were a little hard and the pillows had a funny smell to them, the rooms are a bit musty but what can you expect from a place where the humidity is in the 90 most of the time. Our fridge was restalked almost every day with beer, pop, and 4 liters of water as well as the liquor dispensers. The staff are very friendly and helpfull when they can understand you and I dont remember waiting more then 30 seconds for anything. It is fairly quiet there but since you have the other riu's at your disposal we usually went next door to the bambo and watched there entertainment and came back to the Palace when we were done. The couple time we went to go to the disco it was dead..but it could become more active after 12 when most of the entertainment stops. There are alot of day trips you can do, we did the Atv adventure, and the speedboats. There are a number of beach activities just make sure you book the free water sports in advance or you might not get one. The parasailng was a blast. The beach is very well kept and is amazing.Overall a wonderful vacation  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ticklemepink930
<Content>An Amazing Stay In Punta Cana!!!       A dream...  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Avenkat
<Content>It's like a beautiful girl with no brains - good from far, far from good Went on a company trip with 25 people who were looking for a good time and all we got was excited to eat at the Wendy's at the airport on the way home. You don't want a bunch of sales people go hungry because they will tell everyone they know - and we know a LOT of people. It was horrific. The good time we brought was ourselves. The hotel was absolutely gorgeous - beautiful new rooms with marble and tasteful furntiure. Chandaliers and Botticelli's on the walls and polite people. The massages were great. Beach was pretty when the wind wasn't blowing you back to the pool and the swim up bar.Every singe meal, including breakfast was inedible - actually not completely true - i did have toast with questionable cheese and hot sauce. I also had the jalepeno pizza. The pina coladas were good as well. 24-7 food - not true - actually it is if you want stale nachos and cheese food with it. None of the restaurants had tru authentic ethnic foods. What Italian is going to tell me that they put passion fruit in the gravy for the chicken? Don't know one person who didn't get montezuma's revenge. If we didn't live on the booze (whatever was in that - don't go for the beer) so much we would have really lost much more weight than we all did.Go here if you're entertained by men in speedos and women who go topless and prefer to starve. It was a real shame. The only good thing is that all of us will make sure that no one we know will be tortured by any Riu Palace again - ever!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	3	2	

<Author>Ckthomas00
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Why so many unhappy vacationers? Background: My husband and I are in our late 20's early 30's and travel as much as possible - no kids - from Hampton Roads, Virginia. We stayed at the RIU Yucatan in the Mexican Riveria, so are familiar with the RIU chain.And now for the review... Check-in: We arrived and were immediately greeted pleasantly and given some sort of sweet fruit juice and a RIU Palace souvenier. We recieved the key to room 1096 and went on our way. When we arrived at our room, the view from the balacony was the roof of the theatre - not too pleasant. Our luggage arrived about 2 minutes later and we turned around and went back to the front desk to request another room. We didn't want an ocean/pool room, just a view something other than a concrete roof! The front desk person understood and then proceeded to flip through papers on a clipboard quickly for about 3 minutes and said he didn't have anything avialable until 2 nights later. We said there must be something??? And he continued to flip through the clipboard for another 2-3 minutes and when he could tell we weren't going to give-in, he then gave us keys to room 3005. This room has a view of palm trees and the neighbooring RIU resort, which was fine with us. The front desk sent champagne later that night for the trouble. Tip: Request a room prior to check-in, if possible, and stay away from rooms over the theatre and resteraunt. They are the worst rooms in the entire resort.Room: The room itself was nice - very clean. I smelled a musty odor for about the first hour - then it went away. The beds are very hard, but we were prepared for this after staying at another RIU resort. We tipped the maid $2 a day and got flowers and towel animals. They even put music on for us (using the alarm clock) in the evenings.The water pressure was weak if you took a shower between 6:00 and 7:00 pm when everyone was getting ready for dinner. Our toilet kept running so we had to make sure the handle was in the up position to solve the problem. AC worked great and I had no trouble figuring it out.Tip: Bring slippers or socks. No matter how clean the room looked, I always felt like there was sand, etc. on the bottom of my feet, so I had to wipe off before getting in bed, etc.Grounds: Absolutely beautiful! One of the best parts of the resort. Very clean and well manicured.Pool: Large enough to accomodate everyone - pool bar was quick with service and there were even drink tables at the sides of the pool. There were always chairs available and they were comfortably padded. There were a lot of kids playing at the pool - so less relaxing than the beach. My husband and I usually ended up at the pool around 5:00 until the sun went down. Tip: Crazy pool games were fun! Everything from a beer drinking contest to 'king of the mountain'. Pool games usually occur around 3:00 or 4:00Beach: Amazing!!! Tons of palm trees and open space. My husband enjoys the shade and I like the sun and we were still able to sit right next to each other. The tricky part is getting a lounger if you come to the beach after 11:00 am. This was the only part of the trip that made me upset. I often saw 2 people using 3-4 chairs (for a wind screen, to hold their bag, so they could have 1 chair in the shade and 1 in the sun). This is so selfish given the # of people walking around searching for chairs in the early afternoon. Also people would throw their towels on them and then never come down to the beach to use them. After seeing this the first couple of days, I was not shy about asking the people with 3-4 chairs if my husband and I could use the extras. They looked a little shocked but didn't deny us. We also nicely moved someone's room towel (not even a beach towel) and took a chair - ends up they never came down to the beach the whole day to even notice!Water was warm and we went swimming 2-3 days. We also walked down the beach to shop and check out the other RIU resorts - the Palace definately has the nicest beach because of its size and the number of palm trees.Tip: I read on another review that you can tip the drink boys extra and they will save you a chair for the next day. We never tried this out, however. Also, go to the edge of the resort beach for privacy. A lot of the chairs are close together, so we moved closer to the Bahia Principale and there was no one sitting there.Food: My husband and I enjoyed the food. However, I can see why people get tired of the buffet if staying for an extended period of time. They don't really switch up the menu very much. By the time we got down to the resteraunts to make reservations - they were full. We ate at the Brazillian steakhouse one night - which was yummy but way too much meat for me - and the meat was cooked very well done. We also ordered room service for breakfast and requested coffee, hot tea, fresh fruit and muffins/pastries. Delivery was very slow though - taking sometimes 45 minutes, so I would order as soon as I woke up. If going on an exersion, etc. I wouldn't recommend it. We ordered 2-3 days in a row and then decided not to order the next day - they actually called us and asked if we wanted room service that morning - which was pretty funny. Tip: Eat inside during the buffet dinner and ask for Marino. . You get much better and more personalized service inside the dinning room then eating outside. Marino was our favorite waiter and if you visited nightly (and tipped) he will decorate your table with flowers, etc.Entertainment: Yes, the resort was quiet by 11:30 pm, but that was fine by me. We were usually in bed and asleep by 12:30 or so. My husband and I loved the shows - we had fun with them in a joking manner. They are not broadway shows, but the entertainers/dancers work really hard. My favorite was the Michael Jackson show and the Ideal Couple show. Just have fun with it and keep an open mind.Tip: If you are conservative or have small children, som eo fthe show costumes are pretty revealing and dancing provactive. Not so much for me, but you never know, some people might get offended. Also, the ideal couple show had an adult theme. Get to know the entertainment team - they are tons of fun. And they run games and activities all day long. We played horseshoes, volleyball, etc. every day - check out the activity board outside of the theatre for times.Spa: We never went inside the spa, but did get massages on the beach in the hut. They spoke very little english, but give descent massages - I would rate a 6 or 7 out of 10. Excursion: The only time we left the resort was to visit the Don Lucas Cigar factory - short trip, 1 hour total - but worth going to if you like cigars. 6 or 7 employees rolling cigars by hand... 5 minute briefing and then gift shop visit. The factory is about a 25 minute drive from the resort in a small, crowded bus.Overall impression: We really enjoyed our stay and didn't want to leave. However, we are happy vacationers and would be happy at most resorts because we are not picky. I would say that if you are a needy vacationer or have special requests, that the RIU Palace might not be the right place for you. They do not *rush* to get things and move at a slower pace than in Mexico - we called it dominican time. Also, the RIU workers are very eager to please and great people - so please tip and treat them well. I saw so many guests being rude to the employees that I actually felt sad for having to put up with people who think they are better than them. There were even kids snapping at the waitors, sending back drinks and bossing them around... I would recommend this resort for those who are familiar with the RIU chain (european in nature) or for easy vactioners who aren't overly picky. Feel free to email me with additional questions!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Gpards
<Content>"Basicarry", a "Riu" Disapointment I just got back from a company trip to Punta Cana and man was it a disapointement. I will start with a few positives but even these couldn't compensate for this monstrosity. The pro's are simple, beautiful beach, water, weather and an awesome pool area with a swim up bar. I honestly can vouch for the fact that the beach is just about as nice as it gets and as long as your bring your own food, bed, booze, music, card tables, Iodine tablets for the water, and valium for the staff. So on to the cons we go. For starters if you plan on taking a shower, bring a life jacket to swim back to your bed. Water escapes with reckless abondon. I was later told by a staff memeber that the marble floors are slightly downward sloping allowing the water to flow down the entire room-genius engineering! Should you be lucky enough to navigate the high seas back to your bed be sure you have a massage scheduled for the morning because you are essentially sleeping on a stone slab with a sheet over it. I actually slept outside on the porch with a makeshift bed a constructed out of couch cushions-true story!After re-adjusting my back I enjoyed, no wait I'm sorry the food was not even edible. I mean I basically ate french fries for every meal, and some cheese pizza which was worse then ellios. I know it's a third world country but our company spent 1500 dollars a person for 4 nights and this was the best they could do? Stale bread, soggy fruits and vegetables, sketchy meat, pasta with sauce that was worse then ragu-AWFUL. The resturants were no better, the rib-eye was more like steam-umms, and the italian resturant had my grandmother turning over in her grave. Order room service though, you will get some tastey uncooked fries, soggy chips, a caesar salad with a single-uncut piece of lettuce with mystery meat on top of it.It's okay you can drown your sorrows with watered down beer from dirty, unwashed cups which smell like old saliva. Perhaps you would like a mudslide, made with delicious parmalat and the most bottom of the barrel vodka you can find. Oh the despensers in the rooms were really cool, I've never seen 2 dollar gordons gin flow the way it did. But then again that was watered down too. If you like boxed wine though, you can get that anytime. Have your drink with purified ice, it's fine you wont be on the toilet all week HA! The club is off the hook. They play all the top hits from 1970, with most of the songs being in spanish. You can shake you groove thang in a roller rink like club which slooks and smells like a bowling alley gone bad. My co-workers and I got so excited when they played two hits songs we new, but the vibe was quickly destroyed when the computerized DJ reverted to old records stolen from militant haitians. Casino looks like somethign I set up in my garage. Not to mention, they try to cheat you left and right. I had a 19 at blackjack and the deal drew to a 19 as well, and instead of a push (draw) he tried to take my money. Until I grabbed him by the rist and made him count the cards in front of the pit boss who looked real professional with her hooded sweatshirt on. GREAT TRIP. I WILL NEVER GO BACK OR TO ANY RIU FOR THAT MATTER  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>JerseygirlGinny
<Content>Truly a Palace We enjoyed the RIU Palace which is very beautiful. Bring slippers as the marble floors are very cold. Our true King bed was firm, like at home. We tipped the waiters and maids because we wanted to and brought along Mets baseball caps and balls to give out along with coloring books and crayons for the maid's kids. True, they don't know much English but the maitre d's and the animacion team can speak 4 or 5 languages and everyone is extremely friendly and eager to please. All the RIU's are easy to reach via the pavers along the beach. Catholic Mass at the RIU Naiboa Sun. at 6 pm. Street vendors with dancers on Thurs. nite at the Caribbean St. past the RIU Macao (10 min. walk). Every evening after dinner there's a different live band in the courtyard for dancing then a show at 9:45. Don't miss the Michael Jackson show or the Ideal Couple show. Do use a high SPF as the sun is very hot. The beach is amazing with a sunken ship in the background. Easy layout with all specialty restaurants together but sad to say they overcook their meats (chicken and fish are good) and our beef is much better in the USA, but the food is plentiful and huge variety. Only time we had a musty smell was unpacking at home and I think it's from the plane's cargo-hold because our room was clean smelling with no odor.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AndreaNYC
<Content>Fabulous Resort Stayed at the Riu Palace February 23-March 1 and enjoyed ourselves throughly. What I liked:1. The hotel is large, new, clean with great visual attention to detail ranging from the room towel art provided by a gracious housekeeping staff, to the carved fruit decorations at the buffet, to the immaculately groomed landscaping and fountains. The whole effect is visaully sumptuous. 2. Check-in was easy. I asked for a king bed (not two full beds pushed togethter as some others were complaining about) and received a beautiful, clean, quiet suite with a very comfortable king bed, great water pressure for hot showers and no smell. I didn't even need to use the fragrant candles I brought.3. Every evening from 7-8PM and 9-9:45 pm there was live music (Latin to ballroom dancing) at the plaza by the restaurants. We danced every evening before dinner then went to the Bambu next door and danced to Latin music before the evening shows. Staying at the Palace, you get to use all the other Riu's facilities and we found what we liked at each-- Bingo with merengue dancing to get your prizes at the Taino, dance lessons and the shows at the Bamboo, island clothes shopping on Carribbean street between the Taino and the Macou Palace and of course the grounds, pools, rooms, and spa at the Palace.4. The beach is beautiful. A bit more crowded than I would have liked, but plenty of chairs and ample areas of sun and shade for all.5. Beach vendor shops for barginning for souevnairs are found after a 45 minute walk along the water's edge.6. Best buffets ever for all meals. What I din't like:1. Too many whiny unflexible Americans at the Palace. The other Rius had fewer Americans to Europeans. I especially want to thank our TA, Irene, at FEMTRIP for suggesting we go to the Riu Palace. She knew just at we wanted from a resort and matched us up with the Riu. I know I'll be a Riu traveler in the future.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennyjune88
<Content>What a Great Place!!! What can I say, but don鈥檛 believe everything you hear- For every person that had a bad experience and writes about it, there are 10 that had a great time and had nothing to complain about.There are quit a few Americans in the crowd, although Germans, Canadians and French make up the majority of the population. There did seem to be a big age gap 鈥?Lots of little ones up to about 5 years old then not too many between 5 and 25-. They do offer a kids program, but my 9 year old son did not want to join.The hotel was great! We had a Courtyard side room, no smell or issues- I would suggest trying to get a courtside room if you can. Although we didn鈥檛 spend much time in the room, it was great to sit out on the balcony and enjoy the view of the fountains in the courtyard.The food was good- but if you have picky tastes and not a very adventurous pallet, you may have a challenge finding something you like, although the buffet did cater to the foreigners who eat a lot of cheese and cut meats, so if anything you can eat that. With that said, there is Pizza at almost every meal as well as cheese burgers for lunch at the poolside restaurant. We made reservations most morning for the other restaurants and ate at everyone we wanted to. We started with the Brazilian- It was good, but the meats were a little dry. Next we ate at Sir Oscar, and it is the most popular for a reason. Although they served the same red wine as the others but made us taste it like it was a fine bottle from the cellar- kinda funny. Next we had dinner at the Steak House- Same steak as they serve on the buffet, but cooked to order- also the only place men can wear shorts to dinner and get away with it. The last place we ate was the Japanese. I was a little leery on this one from the reviews, but since the reviews I had read were wrong about the hotel, I thought we would give it a shot. It was great (I had the Shrimp)!The drinks were also very good; they don鈥檛 skimp on the alcohol at all and are very liberal with the pouring. The fruit drinks are all good, with the local rum added. I had red wine almost every night with dinner and it was good table wine.We did not do any excursions- but those around us who did had a GREAT time- All in all it was a great location, a great hotel, great service and great company.If you plan to visit, please keep in mind the folks working there get paid very little and very much appreciate a tip. Although it is all inclusive and the service a great without it, the boys by the pool who bring you drinks, and the housekeepers who keep you stocked in towels are good people to tip! A couple of bucks go a lot further for them than it does for us :)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daf1985
<Content>Absolutely nothing but wonderful This review will start with the same first sentences as everyone else, I was pretty nervous about going. I feared the musty smell and other horror warnings such as bugs, bad food, rude Europeans....etc. Even as I type this, I am still reading some of the same things. We returned last night and I couldn't wait to write a review to help someone else. We stayed in room 2100 facing the courtyard. I very rarely sensed a musty smell and my clothes do not need to be thrown out. I brought two fabric softner dryer sheet boxes (which I never used) and a febreeze spray which I used on the first day to spray draperies. I also brought a Glade plug in which kept the room smelling like home. We brought three boxes of mosquito repellent wipes. Never opened them either!A recent viewer wrote that there was no entertainment. The first week we arrived, there was a show every night. It did get quiet around 11 pm, but after being exhausted from the beach and water activities, I appreciated it. The nights we did want more you could walk to the other hotels. We walked to the other hotels almost every night. It is really only a 10 minute stroll on a cobblestone walkway along the beach with warm winds from the start to finish of Riu properties, they are all in a row.I have to equally say that after the beach our favorite part of the hotel was the staff. I found no one to be at all stuffy. VERY accomodating and down to earth. Management mingle often, sit with you sometimes and always ask if something else will help make your stay any better. As for the food it was all good. My hubby is the big eater and he was never disappointed. I sometimes thought things were salty but you learn what you like and don't.We, this morning booked for next February. If you are staying here at the Riu Palace don't worry. Of the Riu properties I would stay at the Palace Punta Cana first and Palace Macao secondly. A last minute thought about the casino, we like casino's and it is a reason we chose DR over Mexico. The casino is a single room with about 40 slot machines (Our hotel had 18 slot machines!), a roulette table (the busiest) two BlackJack tables (rarely has players) and a Crap table which never had players. So if casino is your main reason for going, choose Aruba!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dancer90
<Content>Best Vacation Ever I would have to say that this was a great vacation. The Riu Palace is absolutely gorgeous. The staff is the friendliest I have ever come across. Mexico, Paris or the Bahamas don't even measure up to this staff. The grounds are beautifully kept and these people work HARD, and always smiling. Maybe some Americans should take notice. Service at the pool was great and in the resturants also. Food was ok but it depends on what people like. Don't expect filet mignon, your in the DR. We made reservations 3 nights at 3 of the resturants and we made them by 9:30am and got into all the ones we wanted without a problem. The pool was cleaned everyday they were out there at 6am and still cleaning at 8am. The others vacationers were so fun to be around, we all had a good time. My teenage daughter loved it all also. They had different shows everynight, not Broadway in NYC but it was something to do. If you want the disco walk about 5 mins and you'd be there. The room had a musty smell when we arrived, it came from the AC, we shut it off and used the overhead fan and kept the slider open when we were in the room and it was perfect. Parasailing was great, snorkeling was alot of fun too. Definately do the water aerobics, the guys have a blast teaching it. Can't wait to go back next year! PS: a hell of alot better then shoveling!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvpuntacana0814
<Content>Not What We Expected!!! Will Return to the Iberostar Next Year!!!!!!! This was our 5th trip to Punta Cana. The past four times we stayed at the Iberostar resorts and absolutely loved all three resorts. . . Iberostar Bavaro, Iberostar Punta Cana and the Iberostar Dominicana. This trip was a get away for just my husband and I to celebrate our wedding anniversary of 20 years. We decided to try the Riu Palace just to see a different resort in Punta Cana. I am not one to complain about vacation, I love the islands, that is the reason I work, to save for the next vacation! Boy did we wish we would have returned to the Iberostar! Don't get me wrong, the Riu is gorgeous, the beach is perfect! The sand is white and soft, the water is blue and very clean. There are some waves but not too rough. There is plenty of shade under the palm trees for anyone who wishes to stay out of the sun and if you want to be in the sun there is plenty of open space close to the water for sunbathing. The beach just doesn't get any better then this. The pool is nice, smaller then it looks online but nice. The staff constantly walk around to see if anyone wants drinks on the beach and at the pool. The round pool was really cool but was in need of vacuuming and I didn't see it get vacuumed once the entire week.At check in we were greeted with a welcome drink and a friendly staff. Our room was very clean and very nice, however it did have a very strong mold odor. We have traveled to the Caribbean many times and we know what the Caribbean smells like and this smell was definitely mold, strong enough to make me feel sick. We had room 2153, don't stay in that room if you stay here. Maybe some rooms are worse then others. The food, I wasn't impressed at all. The Iberostar has a much larger variety of foods, including a dominican specials nightly along with american foods, international foods, etc. The Riu didn't offer much and everything that we put on our plate was either room temperature or almost cold even if they just put it out. I couldn't figure that out. I did get sick with a stomach thing on our fourth day there and my stomach wasn't back to normal until several days after we returned home. My husband didn't get sick so I can't say if it was the food or if I caught something. I've never got sick from the food in the past in the Dominican Republic. After I got sick, I stuck to bread, rice and potatoes, stuff like that for the rest of the week. Entertainment was nonexistant. This resort was like a ghost town after about 10:00. We did walk over to the Riu Palace Maco on Valentine's night and they had all kinds of music, vendors, dancing. That resort seemed like a lot more fun and was definitely more lively. If you want to go on vacation to lay on the beach or sit at the pool and don't care if there isn't anything entertaining going on around you then this is the resort for you. If you are like me and you want to go to relax on the beach but still like to hear the music and enjoy the entertainment then you will be bored after about two days here. At the Iberostar resorts you will have a great time, great food, a beautiful beach with a little bit of seaweed but not a terrible amount, and a staff that never stops working to keep you happy and having a good time. They will remember you at the Iberostar. At the Riu, the staff was friendly but not as relaxed and fun. It was more of an upperclass, stuffy type of resort and I wasn't as comfortable there. We won't be returning to the Riu but if you want quiet and you don't mind mold odors, this resort is gorgeous. I would say the average age of tourist visiting this resort during our stay was age 50 -60 yrs. If you have teenagers, they will be totally bored, young children will probably be fine. I am not including photos because I have the same photos that other travelers have already posted.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TERRI SCHWARTZ
<Content>Relaxation - A Slice of Heaven This is our 4th vacation in Punta Cana - always staying in various all-inclusive resorts. Every vacation has been relaxing with perfect weather. This hotel was fabulous. We were very lucky and got upgraded to a suite (rooms # 123 and 126 are the corner suites) on the 1st floor. We had a king size bed with a jacuzzi tub, separate shower and oversized bathroom, walk in closet with free safe, separate seating area (couch and chair), wrap around balcony with 2 chairs. The rooms are very clean. The alcoholic drinks actually have liquor in them, try the chocolate martinis and bloody mary. The beach is very wide and clean (in the water and on the sand). The staff is very accomodating and extremely friendly. They had drink service on the beach and even brought us fruit on the beach. The only drawback was the food. It is really mediocre. All the food looks the same and tastes the same. This hotel also has a sports bar with multiple flat screen tv's. They also have several slot machines and wireless is available (just not in your room). We will definitely be returning next year!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brattylime
<Content>Loved the Palace We stayed at the Palace from Feb. 11 to the 18th. It was our first time in Punta Cana. I was a bit leary after reading some of the reviews. I have no idea why anyone would write a bad review for this Hotel. The place is amazing. We never noticed a smell in our room. When we stayed in Mexico there was an odor but not in Punta Cana. We ate at the Buffet for all our meals. We are not meat eaters (fish yes) and I found the Restaurant menu's had a wee bit to much meat on them. The buffet was great. I tried so many vegetable dishes that I've never even heard of. I loved the puree'd pumpkin and peas as well as the banana's and onions. The fish (Grouper) was very good. The presentation was excellent. The beach was fabulous. I loved the waves. I'm not a big pool person but I did try it once. I prefer the beach though. The ship wreak in the water was very interesting. Took far to many pictures of it. We did the Tropical Storm excursion. It was fun. They get you pretty close to the ship wreak. Snorkelling from the boat was also great. Did get a bit tipsy though. Lots of booze. Met some very nice people on that trip too. The beds are hard but I slept. The only thing I didn't like were the pillows. They were very hard but I just placed my pillow length ways and it was fine. Our room was very nice. Clean, clean and more clean. The whole Hotel is immaculate. The staff are very hard worker's. We tipped them all the time, although not necessary. The was not one rude staff member. Even the Hotel Lobby staff were very friendly and helpful. Especially, Wellington. We went and checked out all the other Riu's on the site. The Palace was by far the best. If you want to party though, go to the Bambu. It's right next door. The Macco isn't bad either. Looks very much like the Palace but older. The other excursion we did was the Monster Truck Safari. You go right into the Mountain's and see how the Dominican's live. We both really liked this trip. Learned lots of things about the Country.We are planning a family vacation next year and we will be staying at this resort. Loved it. BTW the only bug we saw was a fly. No mosquito's, ants or anything else. Just a fabulous resort and a fantastic vacation.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marcarpel
<Content>The Riu Plalace is a phenomenal resort, Val Caron, ontario, Canada My husband and myself, along with another couple have just returned from the Domican for a much needed vacation. We chose the Riu Palace Punta Cana and do not regret one bit staying there. From the time we walked into the front lobby at one am (our flight from Canada was some four hours late), we were treated like royalty. The gentleman at the front desk by the name of Wellington, made us feel more than welcome considering the time we had arrived. The staff is hardworking and honest. On the first morning at breakfast, I forgot my good sunglasses. Within 10 minutes or so, they had been taken up to the front desk for me. If this had happened in Canada or the states, I don;t think I would have seen them again. The food was excellent and it did not matter if you were at the buffet for breakfast, lunch or dinner, there was never a shortage of variety and always more than enough food.. considering that they are cooking for well over 1200 people, not taking in the a la carte restaurants. The rooms were superior. When the ladies cleaned your room, it was cleaned, not like most of the hotels I have stayed in in Canada and the states and again nothing was touched. Our mini bar was stocked each and every morning. The pool and the beach again were excellent, well kept, nver any glasses laying around. People told us to take bubba cups': no need for this, we had a drink in our hand before we even had asked for another, never had any use for the bubba cups. The representative from Sunquest was very gracious and helped us when it came to making the most of our vacation. All in all, if anyone has anytihing negative to say about this hotel, maybe they shold look at the name and make sure that they are staying at this hotel as I would never have any hesitation about recommeding this hotel to anyone. They did not go wrong when they named this resort, it is surely a Palace second to none and I can't want to go back again next year with my husband, daughter and friends.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gaeotter
<Content>Some Issues but all in all a good time Hotel - Beautiful you do feel as though you are staying at a Palace, Energy Conscious they do not run their fountains during the day and the maids shut off power in your room after they clean your room. Pools - Main pool is the best in the morning, the pool in front of the main pool has black mold on the walls that needs to be scrubbed. They have a children's pool but no one uses it. Food - Breakfast is fine, standard eggs, sausage, bacon, juices, yoqurt, cereral, you should find something to eat. Lunch goes between good and not so good, but again you should find something to eat, Salad, Pasta. Dinner, we ate mostly at the main buffet and a good selection was available about every two days. If you like ethic foods you should have a better experience. The food is not like we have in America in our finer restaurants. The meats are not the highest quality but you have to understand an all inclusive hotel cannot afford to feed 900 people every day top quality, so they serve lesser expensive items. Great Breads, cheeses, fruits and salad ingredients.Specialy Restaurants - We ate at two, Sir Oliver and the Italian. We were not impressed. However, it is nice to be served instead of going to a buffet every day. We heard from several guests that the steak house was awful. If I went to the Italian again I would only eat from the Antipasta Buffet, great Lasagna and other items, it's all you need. Sir Oliver should have been better it was at the Riu Palace Mayan. Liquor  Drinks - are plenty so be careful the first few days, it is easy to over indulge. Bascially we drank Champagne. They do not have small bottles of drinking water and state it is due to litter issues. Diet Pepsi is really sweet. Beach is just beautiful, great sand, beautiful water, clear and cool and a sweet breeze with lots of palm trees. The Beach has lots and lots of people it feels like a happening place.The staff are all very friendly at the bars, restaurants. The front desk staff are snotty and do not speak any English so they cannot resolve any problems. They give you the run around when it comes to trying to resolve problems. English is not well spoken but they appreciate you trying to speak Spanish. The Riu Palace Maya hired interns from other countries that made the experience better for all guests. Rooms - we paid 10 days for a full Suite but only had nine nights in it. Our first day they stated that someone decided to stay a day longer (personally I thought these folks should have been moved to another room not us). They would also not issue us a refund, I think it is a scam on their part to make more money. The Junior Suite the first night was laid out nice but had problems. The refrigerator leaked all over the floor, the toliet seat was broken and the shower head was mostly non-functioning and it took a long time to get the air working. It also did smell very musty. Our Suite was beautiful and large, facing the the beach with its' own terrace. We had a living area, king size bed, walk in closet, jazzui tub and walk in shower. If you can afford the difference in price go for the Suite. Also, no musty smell at all. Keep in mind that the higher floors go to guests who have Riu Cards which are free. Weather - was 80 to 85 every day and it only rained a few times, once during the day and twice at night no longer than an hour at a time. Entertainment - during the day there are lots of things to do. Try the water aerobics in the pool at noon. Children have a time to be on stage every night. The Band in the courtyard with dancing is very good. The adult shows on stage are lame, we did not bother to stay and watch.Some Tips:1. Each room has a switch near the door that shuts off the power in your room. The maid after cleaning will hit this switch so when you come back to your room you will not have air and will have to reset your clock. We left a tip each day for the maid and she did not shut off the power not sure this was the key. I think this is what is causing the musty smells in the other rooms. The hotel is trying to save on energy costs.2. Bring about $150 in one dollar bills for tipping you will get faster service. We tipped wait staff either $1 or $2 depending upon performance.3. Keep your Blue Pool/Beach towels the first night so you can save yourself chairs early in the morning around 7:00 am or 7:30. Bring an inexpensive hat to leave on the chair so folks know it is reserved. When the towel hut opens at 8:00 am you can exchange your towels for fresh ones.4. Bring a box of band aids for the maid this was the only item taken from our room. They must need them.5. Bring a plug in air freashner. It will help with any room smells although our suite really did not need it.6. When you go to eat bring something to leave on the table to let people know you are sitting there. Or wait until the wait staff brings you your drinks. 7. Bring a Spanish-English Dictionary so you can leave the maid notes about what you need. For example, Papel Hygenico is toliet paper.8. Learn the simple phrases for good morning, how are you, thank you, the anwer to how are you and goodby.9. Do not underestimate the sun we saw lots of fair skinned guests burn themselves really bad the first day.Three Bad Things:1. Front Desk staff is not willing to solve problems they play dumb.2. Paid for 10 days for a suite and only received 9 and the front desk staff and manager thought this was acceptable.3. Vendors in the courtyard that sell jewelery and other items every other night are very pushy and literally will try to pull you to their tables. If you pick up anything they start to sell you and you cannot get away easily. They also will tell you that they are broke and that their children need the money more than you do. The Riu Palace Mayan would not allow this behavior  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>thestone1977
<Content>1st Review: SKIP THE RIU! First time I've posted but our experience at the Riu Palace in the DR was so bad, I had to let others know...Here's the summary...I'll start with the positivesPros-As the hotel is relatively new, the rooms are decent. Not great, no Ritz Carlton here, but will do. -The beach is amazing... Cons-Oh, you'd like to go out to their specialty restaurants, plan to be up by 6AM and wait in line to get in. Then if you're lucky enough to get in, you'll realize the food is only a small small step up from the gruel they were slinging on the buffets-Unless your idea of good company is loud, usually obese people in tank tops binging on cheap rum and sundaes at 10am, you will not like the crowd-It is almost impossible to leave. They literally aim to trap you in the resort so you're forced to buy the cheap garbage they sell. No shuttles to town. No nothing. So if you're the type that appreciates culture and wants to see the DR, don't stay here (...and you might want to avoid Punta Cana all together)-Service? What service? To get a beer on the beach, you better tip $20 the first time you see a real live staff member or you'll be out of luck. The reason why there are so many variations on this place is that it is meant for a certain type of individual. If you are even the least bit traveled, appreciate the finer things even a little, like to see the culture of where you visit, or are thankful for good service.... STAY AWAY. And you might want to go somewhere else in the DR. We went to Las Terrenas in the NE corner of the country and wished we could have stayed... and also wished we would have skipped the Poo Palace!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darenricheson
<Content>great resort, mediocre food Just arrived home last night after 6 days. Here's the main points:Reservation: APPLE, booked a suite upgrade. Apple could not confirm in writing that we actually had a suite. Gave up after multiple attempts to get a written confirmation, and hoped for the best.Airport Transportation- Taxi $30, 30 minutes. Bypassed the huge lines from the apple bus at check in.Room- Suite upgrade was well worth it at $100 night extra. Huge suite. Could not have been a better room. Small mildew oder in room, unnoticable after first night. Clothes do smell of mildew upon return home.Beach- Beautiful sand beach with mild waves. Very swimable. I walked an hour in each direction and still did not run out of beach. I have never seen more beach chairs in my life. Miles upon miles of chairs.Beach is wonderfully shaded in palm trees so you can always find sun, shade, or a chair at any time. Given the number of chairs, you did not feel too overwhelmed.Europeans- We have traveled a lot and Europeans have no concept of allowing space. If you leave 1 foot of space, they will consider this your invitation cut into line ahead of you. It really is not personal, just their way. I found myself grabbing some extra chairs to create some space buffer. This hotel is at least 70% European, so be prepared.Dress Code- Only at dinner, otherwise anything goes. At dinner, it's just no shorts. Wear jeans, tennis shoes, sandals, they don't care, but they did send me back when I showed up in shorts.Food Quality- They try hard, and offer a lot of choices, but it really is just a notch below you local buffet at the mall. The reservation restaurants are about the same. Edible, but not memorable.Wine- The wine is just cheap reds and white. Not awful, but not good. We hit a local store and brought our own bottles to dinner., so we had great wine all week.Alcohol and beer- Pleasntly surprised that the bar had a reasonable selection of alcohol ( Johnnie Walker Red, Stoli, Jack Daniels, etc.) Beer was a decent local.Beach Service- Occasionally a waiter would come by with water and sodas. We brought a small cooler and filled it with beer, soda, and cocktails from our in room, nicely stocked fridge. Ice was plentiful near the rooms. It is only a one minute walk to the pool bar.Room Service and Fridge- We ordered, at 3 differnt times, a meal, a bottle of wine, and a restock of our mini-bar. All 3 times were received service within 20 minutes.Pool- never used it, but is is large and busy.Vendors- never was harassed at all.Off property dining- Try the Jellyfish Restaurant. Incredible lobster, great wines and dessert. Romantic setting, casual dress. They will pay your cab back to the hotel after dinner. Ran us $180 for 2.Snorkeling- waste of time. Nothing much to see.Property- Absolutely Beautiful buildings and landscaping.Staff- I can not speak more highly of these friendly, eager to serve hotel workers, at every level, whether you tip or not. Spa- Good masseuse, but they have no idea how to run a spa. They try, but whoever manages that facilty needs to try out a real high end spa.All in all I had a great time, for a great value. I have paid the same amount of money for non-inclusive, similar properties. This property is a great value.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IATraveler8
<Content>Beautiful Place!       View of Outside by the Restaurants  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pmfmjm
<Content>Beautiful!       the view of the resort from the pool  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>murano0
<Content>No Escape from Stink in Rooms! The Palace is pretty to look at, but the rooms reek of mold and mold remediation chemicals - so much so that multiple dry cleanings were required to get the stink out of our clothes . . . and we had to throw away our luggage.We had three rooms, all of which stank, and the other rooms offered to us stunk as well.The hotel said they were aware of the smell but dismissed it as just part of being in the Caribbean.Be warned -  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	1	2	2	2	5	

<Author>jimmyhouse
<Content>This trip was amazing       pool and swim up bar  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kgrodin
<Content>Ummmm...it is your call... Just returned from a long weekend and I am not sure where to start. Positives:BeachThe beach was beautiful! Plenty of chairs, plenty of shade and the water is beautiful.There are many waiters offering drinks and taking orders.The beach peddlers do not bother you (unlike Mexico). They simply walk around and will approach you if you wave them over.You can take a nice long walk too along the beach.Staff:We thought that the staff was very nice! We did not run into anyone who was rude. We even locked our key in our room and they were fine about it.Claudia at the hotel lobby bar is GREAT and all of her staff are wonderful and kind.We did not have any issues with hotel staff.Drinks:For an all-inclusive, the drinks were pretty good. The chocolate martini at the hotel lobby bar was excellent. Drinks by the pool was a bit watery, but did have plenty of liquor in them.Hotel:The grounds and lobby are amazing. Very clean and the staff work very hard to make sure that there is not even a leaf out of place. Airport:Beautiful airport and very nice staff.Negatives:Room: Room was nice and size and very clean. Bathroom was clean, plenty of towels and nice shower pressure. However, it did have a musty smell. We keep the sliding doors open most of the time, so that helped. I also bought some febreeze. It rains a lot there so that can contribute to the smell? I did not have to wash my clothes twice like other people have said.The beds were really hard, but I actually slept very well. We would eat dinner around 8pm and have 2-3 drinks and play cards. I would read in bed and be out within 10 minutes. The bed did not bother me.Food:Ok, the food was really bad. I am not sure if this was due to the fact that we were in a third world country and they have different foods or for the fact that Americans are pretty much the minority there. It seemed to me that they try very hard to cater to all cuisines and for the Amercian Fare they had: french fries, pizza and hamburgers.... It just seemed to me that they many foods that I had no idea what they were and did not care to try them. I lost 2 lbs... If you eat at any of the resturants, eat at the Brazilian. It was by far the best one. Punta Cana:I was not impressed with it at all. It is very poor and we did go on an excursion on RV's and a small child gave us the finger as we were driving by his shack of a home. Our guide was awesome and we did stop at a plantation where they made coffee, fresh vanilla, etc. It was great and most people we met were nice, but the tours are not worth the money. We did have a nice time, but I am pretty sure we will not only not go back to a RIU, but we will never go back to Punta Cana at all. Mexico is by far a much better place and bang for your buck.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>biancaBrampton_on
<Content>amazing loved every minute spent there       beach at Riu Palace  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>monoct
<Content>allot of ignorant people ALLOT! Let me start off by saying that the beach is amazing! From relaxing under the palms to basking in the blue 80 degree water. It was a dream.Now onto the staff, mainly the front desk. They are the most rudest, ignorant, don't take care of their guest asses ever. They never greet you. You walk in hand them your papers and receive a key. Sort of prison style. If you're already in your room, don't call the front desk for anything, they'll never come through. We called for an additional piece of cardboard, it never came. Hair products they said would be right up, never came. When we left it was like we where paroled. Handed in the key, desk guy:that's it. Was I suppose to thank him for letting me stay there?The rest of the staff was actually trained and pleasant, probably because they are locals.Now onto the bedding.Your bed is two bricks twin size slapped together. When I sleep with my wife I prefer one giant size brick mattress, so I don't keep falling between the two during the night. The blanket is more like cardboard. Now I know what it feels like to be homeless at night. You will not sleep well, if you like a softer mattress.The guests,I keep reading that the Americans made the trip not so pleasant. Believe me its not the Americans, they make up 1/2% of the resort population. Where ever they're from I think they where raised the opposite. You know, ignorant is manners and manners are ignorant. They will walk right into you if there taking up the whole walk way. Steer you up and down when entering a resturant. I felt totally unwanted the entire time. If you've ever been to, lets say Europe, you will know what I mean.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>cmeshier
<Content>The resort that we fled Our experience was so terrible that its difficult to know where to begin. Here's our story: my husband and I are both professionals in our early 30's. We are both experienced world travelers, staying in both the most humble hostels in Europe as well as 5 star resorts (ex: the Four Seasons) in Hawaii. We decided to take a trip at the last minute and used a travel agent (Apple Vacations) to do so. We asked for these elements: 5 star accomodations and we wanted to be somewhere in the Caribbean (maybe Jamaica). We explained that we wanted to spend time at the beach, by the pool, snorkeling and basically just being outside in the sun. Our travel agent told us that she didn't recommend Jamaica but HIGHLY recommended Punta Cana and specifically the Riu Palace. Said it was the best hotel on the island and was all inclusive. She even convinced us to pay for an upgrade to a junior suite with an ocean view.Upon arriving on the island and paying our $10 cover charge (something our travel agent failed to tell us about) we were taken to the Riu Palace. To reach the hotel, you must first pass by all of the lovely staff quarters. When you pull up, its as if there's something missing. The front is beautiful but a bit empty. Check-in was the 2nd best part of our stay (checking out was the best)...simple and easy. It was pouring rain because our travel agent didn't check the weather forecast so we couldn't really explore too much.Our junior suite wasn't very impressive. Actually it wasn't a suite, it was a standard room. Ocean view? No, the view was of a service road and a small strip of landscaping. The balcony would have been nice if it any privacy but it could be seen from about 12 other balconies. The shower was a dark, tiled cave. The shampoos and other complimentary toiletries looked like they had been used and recycled. The room also had a bizarre smell to it, kind of like a funky baby powder.The bed: I would have slept better on the tile floor with newspaper. The matress was rock hard and the sheets were of the poorest quality. One of the pillows was also torn and stained. Not exactly the 5 star accomodations we were told that we were getting.Since we were limited to being indoors, we first checked out the sports bar so we could get a snack and a drink. The drinks were watered down and terrible. The snacks that were available, as promised 24/7, were hot dogs and hamburgers and sandwiches from a refridgerated case. It was self serve and you had to heat them in a microwave yourself. A high school cafeteria has better food. There were also nachos with cheeze whiz...I've had better at a sports arena.We also went to the casino. Casino translates to about 15 slot machines.Now we were eagerly looking forward to dinner. We were forced to eat at the buffet (despite many open tables in the other restaurants) because you may only make a dinner reservation between 7:30a and 10:30a in person at that restaurant. No exceptions.The buffet was horrible. It was like a segmented pig trough. You ate at tables with stained linens and cracked china. I guess the chipped dinnerware is to match the many many cracks that run throughout the exterior of the building, causing you to wonder about its stability.Leaving the buffet hungry, we ordered room service (an extremely limited menu). Once it finally arrived, we were highly disappointed. A burger from the sports bar and some sort of sandwich like thing. It resembled the type of sandwich you might get from a vending machine in a bowling alley.Day 2 was even worse. We were awoken at 6am by the footsteps that echo throughout this entirely tiled building. They were coming from above our junior suite, the hall, and the rooms on either side of us.After dining at the breakfast buffet (slightly more edible than dinner), we located the Apple Vacation's rep in the hotel. She had us transferred to another room, hoping that it would help. This room smelled worse and the view this time was of the staff housing.Once we were moved there was a brief break in the downpour of rain. We went down to the pool. The towel shack was out of towels. How does a beach front hotel with a huge pool run out of fresh towels for its guests???It was at this point that we phoned our travel agent and were transferred to Iberostar. We FLED Rui Palace. This was more of an over-night camp for adults. A poorly run one at that. Actually, I would have slept and ate better at a summer camp!Basically, if you want a restful, relaxing, pampered vacation: DO NOT stay at the Riu Palace. Its great if you want to return home more stresed out than when you arrived.P.S. Did I mention the bugs that were coming from the decorative fresh flowers placed around the room? And don't forget to be harrassed by the street vendors that are allowed on the property.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Elphaba53
<Content>6 Apple Disappointment riu palace, punta cana, dr, 6 apple rating-we had two rooms (5 people) from january 11, 2008 to january 15, 2008. the hotel is quite grand and beautiful to look at, lots of marble and granite, no grounds to speak of and lacking in the areas below: 1. the food was terrible, especially the rodizio. the burgers were not fresh at lunchtime, they were pre-cooked and left under a lamp to keep them warm which ultimately made them dry and disgusting. No open pit barbecue like at the Riu Macao 2. the beds were awful, very uncomfortable--it was like sleeping on a piece of wood. my husband and i could not sleep in one bed--it was too small.  3. the worst part about staying at the riu palace hotel was the smell in the room--it smelled like insecticide and gave me a headache everyday. i complained everyday and nothing was done. i should have insisted my family i be moved to two rooms that did not smell--all they did was send someone to our rooms one time to spray something that smelled like powder to mask the odor in the room. very poor. 4. the drinks were not very good--very watered down.we spent a lot of money to vacation at this top of the line resort and i was totally disappointed. i should have returned to iberostar. i would never recommend anyone stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>MAHUBER
<Content>Perfect Couples Getaway Before writing a review, I think it only fair to know a little about someone writing it. My husband and I travelled alone to the Riu Palace. We are between the ages of 30-35. We have 2 children. We enjoy sports, fishing and boating. We both grew up in small rural communities in Ontario. I work in a hospital ~ housekeeping. My husband works in an auto manufacturing plant. We went on this vacation for the purpose of getting some RR and seeing a new country. This is the perfect honeymoon resort. Mostly for couples over 30, under 55. If you are in your 20s and looking for a good beer drinking time, this likely isn't the place to go. Looking to spend some relaxing time with a few friends or your lover, this is the place to be. You really do feel like a million bucks here. Friends said when we arrived at the airport in Punta Cana to take a taxi to the resort, so we would get their before the rush. We didn't, we enjoyed the bus ride provided and took in the country side. Rush, what rush? Check-in was a piece of cake. We arrived 3 hours before check-in time and were handed a sweet drink and keys to our room right away. The marble lobby was beautiful, clean and certainly made you feel comfortable. We were taken to our rooms. The rooms themselves are very nice. We were in the back corner close to the front lobby. We deceided after a few days we liked this location. Close to everything else but the ocean, and quiet for sleeping. The room did have a musty smell, most did. I think it is because of the humidity and the mable. But given my profession, it certainly wasn't because it wasn't clean. We were told by many to keep our door closed and the air on. This did work for the most part, however our clothes did smell a bit, I noticed this when we got home. I deceided that we should have just left our suitcases and clothes on our balcony. They are all private and no one can get to them anyways. The maids do a wonderful job. Use your safe. We didn't have any problem at all, but there is a reason that they are put there. We were offered towels many times in the evening. The grounds were stunning to say the least. Always well maintained. Didn't see many little critters at all, just a few baby lizzards. None in our room. Service was always excellent. Francisco was our pool bar waiter, he is awesome and $5 every evening meant that he would remember your drink and you never had to ask for a refill. At the pool they all speak good english. Should you ever need and question answered, go to the front lobby, they all speak a number of different languages. And are happy to help. The food was pretty good. Please remember, you are in another country and things do taste a little different. I was told they use fish oil when cooking. Buffets always had lots to choose from, we went there most of the time. In the morning you need to make reservations for the restuarants, however you don't always know what you want to do at night. If you decieded last minute you would like to try one, which we did, we would just go down and ask if they have any tables left and if they do, they are happy to serve. Went to the Italian restuarant twice and had the steak. It was delecious. If you can't appreciate how other cultures prepare and make food, you simply shouldn't travel. You can drink any water served and use the ice machines provided. Just no tap water. They are all very aware of this. I must say that my husband did fall ill for a couple of days. Maybe a few to many drinks at the pool bar and too much sun. But we all ate and drank the same things and I was fine. It might also have something to do with the fact that we all head south in the middle of winter and are likely carrying some kind of bug with us already anyways. There isn't alot of entertainment in the evening. It is pretty casual. I believe this was put in place for a reason. There are some shows but if you want, they have many good shows at the other Riu Resorts. It was lovely to take a walk after dinner down the brick path and see some of the other ongoings. I really enjoyed our strolls in the evening. This is one of the benefits to staying at the Palace, you can go where ever you want, when ever you want. Don't forget to look for the Hot Tub, it is beautiful. We enjoyed it at the end of the day for about 10 minutes or so. I think alot of guest forget about this hidden treasure. This made for a perfect end to each day.The beach ... oh the beach. It is so amazing. Punta Cana really does have beautiful beaches. It is really busy and hard to find chairs sometimes, but if you use the other Riu resorts there, it;s not a problem. Everyone seems to want to sit right in front of the Palace itself. We preferred it get away from the crowd a little and enjoy some quiet. It also helped that we took our bubba kegs and cooler cups. This way we didn't have to fill them as often. We enjoyed walks down the beach and it became very clear that we really were at one of the nicest resort.Maybe it's because we are pretty laid back, but when you go on vacation, make it a vacation. Whats the hurry, you're not going anywhere are you? Enjoy every minute and relax. The Riu Palace in Punta Cana provided all of that and much more.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lkahn58
<Content>awesome winter vacation I just returned from my vacation at the RIU Palace Punta Cana. I can tell you after spending one week at this wonderful resort that all of the bad reviews that you may have read are not true. I believe that some people will complain about anything and these are the people that write these poor reviews. I spent the week at the RIU Palace with my wife and daughter who is nine years old. The hotel is beautiful and the people who are working at the hotel were wonderful. I just wish I had brought more money with me so that I would have been able to leave more tips that what I left. The Dominican people work so hard and appreciate every tip that they get and believe me they deserve it. The room did not have any odor at all and there was a dehumidifier in the room to help with the moisture which did a good job. The room was very dry and did not have this odor that I was reading about in the reviews that other people were leaving. The food at this hotel was excellent. There was enough of a choice and if you could not find something to eat that made you happy, you would not be happy anywhere. I would say the food was the type of food that you would find in a good new york city restaurant which I am familiar with since I grew up on long island. The weather was beautiful and it did rain one day but there were things to do in the hotel that kept us occupied until the rain passed. I was very nervous about going to the RIU punta cana after reading alot of the negative reviews but take it from someone that has traveled the carribean for years and stayed at many different hotels. This is most lilkely the best hotel that we have ever stayed at and I promise that you will have a wonderful trip. Ignore the bad reviews and go and have a terrific time. You may contact me at lkahn58@yahoo.com if you have any concerns or questions and I will be happy to respond to you. Dr. Lawrence Kahn  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ARyan28
<Content>We made the best of it... We stayed at the RIU Palace Punta Cana in July 2007. Yes, it has taken me a long time to write this review. We traveled as two couples, all in our mid-late twenties. We were looking for a fun getaway and relaxation by the beach. Where to start...The grounds are beautiful and the hotel itself is stunning. The rooms are average. They still look new and relatively well kept, but the smell really outweighed any of the good. You may have read reviews of people complaining about the smelll - and others that say its merely the Caribbean, but I can assure you, if this is how all the hotels in the Caribbean smell, I will never return. The best way to describe it is a musty, moldy smell. It permeated our clothes, luggage, souveniors, etc. We had to keep our luggage on the patio for weeks after we returned home and I can't count the times I had to wash my clothes. The sheets on the bed always felt moist and I had trouble sleeping. I realize the Caribbean is humid but water was literally dripping down our door, furniture, etc. Myself and the other couple both had aunts in our room and were provided a can of bug spray by one of the maids. Seemed to do the trick for the most part.The beach was Gorgeous. We never had trouble finding a chair in sun or shade and the servers were generally available for beach service. The bartenders were very kind and accommodating. We brought Bubba Kegs (insulated drink containers) at something like 52 oz...and they filled them to the brim with long islands for the boys. I highly recommend bringing a bubba keg, you can get them at Walmart - its a great way to keep your drinks cool on the beach, and we always had one filled with bottled water.We went on the banana boat ride....so much fun! I highly recommend it. And for 10 bucks a person, you can't beat it! The massages at the spa were just ok, not like here in the US. Check out the back of the spa...it has a nice warm pool over looking the ocean/beach. Night life is really lacking, not much to do if you are in for partying. But we didn't travel for that, so we were ok with it.Lastly and most importantly........the FOOD IS AWFUL. I realize food reviews are highly subjective, but this was by far the worst food I have ever had. Let me say, we are NOT picky eaters. The couple we traveled with will eat just about anything and even they were unhappy. The food is plentiful and there is a fairly good variety, but the flavor is just disgusting. The desserts all looked appetizing, until they hit your mouth. We did not find even one dessert all week that we enjoyed. I lived off of cheese fries and semi edible pizza. The italian restaurant was by far the best, and the tiramisu was good. If we had tried that restaurant sooner, we would have eaten there more. All in all, I would choose another hotel. I'm sure the stretch of beach is good at many places and its just not worth staying at the RIU and dealing with the stench, or having to starve.If you have any questions, I'd be happy to answer.Happy Travels :)  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>JahLoveDC
<Content>Nice but lots of maids/cleaners with Sticky Fingers Spent 4 days for a wedding in January 2008. Overall, the hotel was clean and the food was OK. The most important thing to do once you get to your room is to lock all your personal belongings into the safe. The cleaners are thiefs of jewelery,ipods,nice clothes etc. BE CAREFUL  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	4	3	

<Author>funinthesunjan
<Content>Great Value good food The hotel itself is an architecteral marvel! When you pull up to the front doors its awe inspiring. The lobby is very elegant with crystal chandeliers and impressive tall ceilings. The rooms are above average. Each has a jacuzzi tub wich was nice, but the beds are as hard as a rock. The maids do a nice job, no complaints. They even do towel sculptures, which was a nice surprise to come back to after a day of play.The maintenance staff could use some help. Our phone only worked half the time and the maintenance team tried twice but could not fix it. Also our hairdryer caught fire and we called maintenance and they never came. We just let the hairdryer cool down and we never used it again.The food was great; there was somthing for everyone. The main dinner buffet offered a great variety. Try the dark chocolates on the dessert bar, they are outstanding. The lunch buffet offered a great menu for everyone. As for the ala cartes, our group had mixed reviews, although everyone liked the Brazilian. The Japanese had excellent entrees but no appetizers or soups for non seafood lovers. The gourmet Sir Oscar left a bit to be desired unless you liked seafood. The chicken dish was okay but the sauce was unbelievably strong, the filet was good. The steakhouse was a joke, the meat was tough and over cooked.Overall the food offered something for everyone, but I suggest you read the ala carte menus before you spend time there if you are a fussy eater.The beach is outstanding. The resort was full, but but we had no trouble finding chairs. A waiter takes your drink orders on the beach! The animation crew is alot of fun. Beach volleyball was great. If you want to use a Cat or Kayak, make plans the day before, they do not have enough to satisfy the demand. Snorkeling in the swimming area is useless, but body surfing is great. You can use a body board from the activities center but spend $18 bucks at the gift shop and have it for your whole trip.Nightly entertainment was pretty good each night. They put on a different shows, and the dancers do their job well. One night they did do Karaoke, but the rest were professional shows.Overall, a great vacation!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sergenyc
<Content>Excellent Vacation Property: The resort is not your typical Punta Cana giant spread out property. It does look like a palace with 4 floors. It is very clean, well maintained and looks luxurious. There are no birds or animals around the resort unlike many other Punta Cana properties. There are stores available as part of the Riu Palace resort as well as Caribbean street, which is a part of the Riu Complex (recommend a pleasant walk towards it)Pools: There are 3 pools. The largest one is an average size and has no deep end with 6 Jacuzzi areas in it and a swim up bar. The 2nd pool is small and seems more for lounging with water overflowing its edges. 3rd pool is tiny (Jacuzzi size) and at the kids playhouse. Nothing spectacular but the largest pool does its job and is cleaned every night after 7pm, so don鈥檛 go swimming at night as it鈥檚 treated with chemicals. Beach: Riu beach is very long as it is part of 5 hotels complex. Riu decided not to have umbrellas on the beach, so if you want a shade there are plenty of palm trees where people were found sleeping, reading books and just relaxing. Not having umbrellas made the beach look more exotic. The water most of the time is very clean, there was a day with seaweed coming around, but since Riu Complex is so large you always have the option of walking a few yards to the right to find a cleaner spot. You can walk really far to the right pass Iberostar property and find little shops right on the beach, if you want cigars, rum, souvenirs and etc. Also, you have the option to walk to the left past Bahia resort to an empty beach, which has beautiful crystal clear waters (awesome photo spot), past the beach is the Majestic resort. Rooms: Hotel rooms are not very large, but clean and well maintained. Plenty of water, beer, sodas in the fridge that is replenished daily. There is also a mini bar replenished every 2 days as part of all inclusive with Vodka, Scotch, Brandy and Rum. There is a very occasional musty smell, but nothing I haven鈥檛 experienced in tropical climate else where. Beds are hard, which is what I prefer; however, I can see this to be a problem for guest who do not prefer this. Although you get tired from the sun, drinking walking around and likely to pass out regardless of how hard the bed is. In fact hard beds are good for your back. There are actual keys for room and safes, which are not electronic. It is a little annoying to carry keys around, but safer in my opinion. While traveling in Costa Rica at a Melia resort my room and safe were open and I lost $60 bucks, in that case everything was electronic. Service: Hotel services range from good to excellent. Waiters, managers, bartenders, animation team, activities team all speak English well and are very nice. Busboys, cleaning ladies do not typically speak English well, but try. There is room service and there is a food menu in your room. Waiters walk around the beach and pool to bring you drinks, so you don鈥檛 have to get up (this was awesome). Occasionally, they also carry around fruit. At night during shows or around the main courtyard, waiters bring you drinks as well, which was fantastic since you never had to walk to the bar. Food: Overall the food was good. Buffet Restaurant by far had the best food with changing selection every day and the best service. Gourmet restaurant was ok, nothing spectacular. Brazilian was good, like a mini version of all you can eat Brazillian places with waiters constantly bring different kinds of meet on skewers to your table. Japanese was disappointing with poor sushi, tuna sashimi was actually ok since it was probably local, but sushi buffs should skip the restaurant as its nothing a like a good sushi place. Steak house was great with very well prepared Rib Eye steak. Italian didn鈥檛 care to try. As far as food selection there was a lot of sea food on different days: calamari, mussels, shrimp and some lobster dishes (no full lobsters though飦? There was always plenty of steak. Lots of junk food available. Theme nights at the buffet were pretty good with Argentinean paella, Mexican and Dominican dishes as well as other selections鈥?Drinks: Beer only Brahma brand. Wine 3 types at lunch, Rose, Red and White out of a barrow. At dinner there were bottled wine and champagne as well as at lobby area bars. Cocktails were all fantastic as expected. You can also ask for top shelf liqueur at bars: JW red, Stolichnaya, Smirnoff and etc鈥?Coffee, cappuccinos and espressos were all very good. Entertainment: During the day animation team had water aerobics, darts, volleyball, ping pong, dance lessons and etc by the beach and pool. At night animation team hosted shows that ranged from lame to professional quality (dancers from outside of the resort were very good). There is a disco and a casino at the Riu Complex. All inclusive resorts are not known for fantastic entertainment like cruises, so you should come with appropriate expectations. Not a lot of kids around, but they seemed to be entertained by animation team during the day and at night prior to shows with a mini disco. Crowd: Very little kids, mostly couples. A few young couples, a lot of adults in mid 30s and up. Very international resort with not one country dominating really. Americans, Canadian, Belgians, German, French, Argentineans, Polish, Russian speaking Americans and etc鈥?br/>Also, there is no ATM, you can go through Bahia beach into its resort on the left and take their trolley into Bahia lobby, fun little trip to the ATM. Riu should add an ATM, since it is a little silly for a luxury resort not to have one.Over all resort depending on individual taste should rate anywhere from 3 to 5. In my opinion it is 4 - 4.5 based on the fact that it is all inclusive in Punta Cana. In order for it to be 5 it should have exceptional food and entertainment 100% of the time. My wife and I will give the resort 5 on trip advisor, just because there are too many totally uncalled for 2 star ratings that drag its overall rating down.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nivcantstop
<Content>no pleasure iat this paradise Upon arriving at the hotel I was impressed with the decor and cleanliness. My friend and I planned this trip to the Riu Punta Palace hotel after reading all of the wonderful reviews and after getting back still trying to figure out how people gave it a 5 star. It gets a 2 star in my book. After staying at a few 5 star resorts prior to this trip I expected much more.We arrived on a Sat. Where most resorts are full of nightlife and entertainment. The Punta Cana Palace idea of entertainment was Karoke. Myabe that would have been good if I was in my 20's. We headed out to the casino after knowing what was going on in our hotel. They said a bus comes every 10 minutes. We waited 45 minutes. The so called bus was a big golf cart. We arrived at the casino and it looked like something out of a bad Elvis movie. Instead of waiting another 45 minutes for the so called bus we decided to walk back to the hotel. The crowd at the hotel was defintely an older crowd or families from all over. I found most people there to be from Argentina, Canada, Spain and very few Americans.If you're going on a trip to be pampered and enjoy good food this is not the place. We made reservations at the Japanese Restaurant and it was digusting. We left after dinner and then headed to the buffet. The reserved dinners was a waste of time. We decided the next night to try the Brazilian restaurant and the same thing. I could not wait to get home to have a good meal.We had 3 massages at the hut on the beach. It was wonderful a little noisy from inconsiderate staffers. But the massages were great. Only negative I had about massages was the smell of the oil they used it stunk of bengay, but I got used to it after the second massage.The 3rd day I got a facial at the spa. The technician was interupted 4 times and had conversation with her while I was getting my facial.As all the reviews there was defintely an odor in the room. I arrived and all my clothes stunk of mildew. The air conditioner was hard to figure out. The electrical wiring in the room was tricky took 2 days to figure out what switch was for what.Next trip I will be going back to The El San Juan Hotel in Puerto Rico that is a true 5 star. After this trip I rate it a 10  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrotter36
<Content>mmmmm........not sure I could put our stay into words Okay, for starters the air conditioning in the rooms is completely inadequate. If you enjoy tropical heat 24/7 then not a problem. Unfortunately, when coupled with sleeping on the equivalent of a plywood mattress, you do feel like you are in an episode of Survivor. You will lose weight on this trip. The food is quite bad. Be careful when imbibing poolside. Drink prep hygiene is questionable- as is whatever gets splashed into the finished product by your fellow bathers. Not to worry, the one roll of toilet paper supplied to your room for the week should be quite a consolation when you are doubled over in the bathroom praying for your exciting adventure in the Dominican to be over sooner rather than later. We were so glad to get out of there in one piece - we would never go back.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>anabo
<Content>Best Beach and Hotel!! The hotel really looks like a palace. It's very clean and the grounds are very well-kept. The beach area is clean and very beautiful. The staff is not extremely friendly or helpful, but that didn't bother me because we are not there to make friends. The food is okay no matter where you go in Mexico. Our first priority is the beach area, and that was beautiful. However, you do have to get up quite early if you want to be close to the water. People put their towels on chairs as early as 6 a.m. However, we always found a great spot. Pool area is also big and gorgeous. As for the entertainment - it's not Las Vegas but its okay. Teenagers might be bored as there is no nightlife. In short, if you are looking for a beautiful beach and resort to relax for a week, so far this has been the best place we have been to. For March 2008 we are going to try the Riu Palace in Maya, Mexico. Recent pictures and reviews got us really scared. If anyone has more information on the beach area which is all I care about please let me know.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>NYC58
<Content>Beautiful Punta Cana       Covered beach area.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yawaii30
<Content>Great time at the Riu Palace Punta Cana My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from Jan. 7th- Jan. 15th. We were orginally booked to stay at the Riu Bambu, but it was overbooked so we were upgraded to the Palace. The lobby is beautiful. Check-in was pleasant. They serve you an arrival drink of fruit punch. It was extremely sweet. You receive towel cards, a lock for a safe, and a card to use equipment for snorkeling. Our luggage was then taken to our room. Our room was spacious and clean. Yes, the beds are hard, but I slept fine. The bathroom is stocked with plenty of towels and it has a hair dryer. There is a mini bar with 4 different types of liqour and the fridge is stocked with water, sodas, and beer. They come every 2 days to restock. The maids were great. You have a turn down service every night. They are also very friendly.  The food at the resort is good. They have 5 speciality restaurants. Sir Oscar  gourmet, La Bodega Brazilian, Yokohama Japanese, Luigi  Italian, and La Altagracia  Steakhouse. We tried 2 out of the 5. The Brazilian was good. I would skip the Japanese. After that meal, we decided to stick to the buffet restaurant (Don Manuel). We always found something that was good there. The desserts at the hotel are lacking. Breakfast was also good. I recommend trying the coffee drinks such as the cappacino and the cortado. They were delicious. Lunch is at the Altagracia..it was alright. Late at night if you are still hungry you can go to the sport bar. The sport bar doesn't have alot of choices. I saw hotdogs, nachos, and sandwiches there. They have pool tables, internet access and slot machines there for extra cost.  They have many different drinks. A few top shelf liquors, you must ask for them or they will give you the house liquors. Wine is alright. I tried one and didn't continue to drink it. I did see many people drinking it though. Some of the drinks are very sweet. Night time entertainment is live music, shows, and if you like they have a casino. There is a free shuttle to the casino. It is very small and most of the dealers have no personality. There is also a nightclub called Pacha, but we did not go there.  The pool is beautiful. At first we laid out there. It was extremely hot. We switched to the beach, it was much better because there was a breeze. The service a the pool is great. Servers always asked if you wanted and drink..even when we were sitting at the side of the pool with our feet in. They must have great memory to remember to bring your drink there among all of the other people sitting in the beach chairs. One day they also brought fresh fruit by if you also wanted some while you laid out. The pool bar also had great service..friendly bartenders.  The beach was beautiful. We had a relaxing time and again service was great! Servers came around constantly with water, sodas and beer. We also went to the spa. We got the refreshing spa package ( I think that is what is was called). The only downside is that they can't explain what they are doing to you when you are getting the services done because they don' t speak much English. Besides that it was relaxing. The workout room next door is small. We took two exersions. One was a sunset cruise. They take you to a place to snorkel and then to a natural beach. We had a good time. Now, the best thing that we did was to take the Kontiki Party Raft. We had the best time. Even my husband danced, and he does not dance. I definelty suggest if you like having a good time to go on this. We had a wonderful time at this resort. I would stay at this resort again...Service is great.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>casalinda132
<Content>Amazing.... I want to live there! My family and i just returned from a week at The Palace! A palace indeed it is!! I found everything to be more than what i expected...but perhaps since this was my first time in the Dominican i didn't know what to expect! The hotel looks exactly as it does on the website, there is no misrepresentation there at all. Everything is marble and tile and the washrooms by the pool/beach at the Altagracia Restaurant are spotless!! There is something to be learned in North America about cleanliness as compared to what I found in the Palace!! The rooms were clean and yes, the beds are hard but after the unlimited drinks, perhaps its good not to know the difference between the floor and the bed!!! I quite like a hard bed myself, so i slept just fine! The food was excellent with a choice for anyone and everyone..... ! Bring your 'fat pants'... hahaha..you will need them!!! I found that the people who are there from all over the world were so interesting! It is certainly a good thing to try and learn a few words of Spanish to communicate with the staff...when you try and make an effort, they are more than happy to help you! A smile will get you a long way.... as it should.... and if you expect the staff to respond to arrogance because you make no effort to learn a tiny bit of their language..then perhaps you should vacation in a place that speaks only what you do! Make it easy on yourself..........The water pressure gets a little low at peak times... but that's to be expected in my opinion.....no different than trying to shower at the HIlton at peak hours! The beach is terrific and they bring you drinks right out on the sand. There are activities on the go from yoga on the beach, to bacci ball, horseshoes, darts, salsa lessons, water aerobics, poolside games...... My daugher and I had a 50 minute massage at the spa for $75.00 US each, which isn't too far off from what I pay in Canada. We also went parasailing - 2 people for $85.US - what an amazing experience!!! Go for it!!!!!!The nightlife is a little on the quiet side for those who like to party well into the night - but all you have to do is go next door to the Bambu, for which anyone at the Palace has privileges! That is the 'party' resort!The 'store' in the hotel is pricey.... but they do have the essentials if you forget them at home..deodorant, razors, etc....There is a small shopping area right on the Palace property, cigars, rum, paintings, bathing suits, etc... also pricey but they can be bargained with. The art store is run by a delightful fellow named Robert - but his $60.US paintings can be found at the Punta Cana airport for $25.US.... so negotiate with him.....All in all, if i could have stayed for another 3 weeks, i would have and certainly do plan on returning again within the next year! It was everything and more than I expected!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tfam
<Content>Would definitely go back! After reading so many negative reviews of the Riu Palace, I was very hesitant about going. It was my husband, 19 year old daughter and myself. When we arrived at the hotel at night, it truly looked like we were driving up to a palace. Check-in was very quick and the people were so nice. Our plane was 3 hours late and we were tired and hungry. All I could think about was if the room was awful what a hassle it would be to change at that hour since we were so tired. Well, the room was great! The location perfect. We had paid extra to face the courtyard and our room was in the last building closest to the beach and our view was excellent. Sure the room had a musty smell, it's the Carribean! We turned on the air to maximum and kept the ceiling fan on and it was fine.(If you open the balcony door, the air turns off so make sure if you go out on the balcony, you shut the door so the air will stay on). The beds felt hard, but when we got into them at night, there was no problem at all. We ate at the buffet 2 nights, both were good and had so many selections that you would have to be soooooooooooo picky to not find something you liked. The staff was great; there were so many of them there to help you. We ate at the Japanese and the Italian restaurant. The Japanese I would not reccommend but the Italian was good. We also tried a restaurant outside of the hotel one night, Jellyfish, which was okay but definitely no better than the hotel and it cost $25 in taxi and close to $200 for dinner. The beach was great. Our first day we got out there kind of late and it was hard to find chairs. I found an employee and asked him to get us 3 chairs and he was back with them and I tipped him $3 which made him happy.(he said he would take care of us the next day). We signed up for Dolphin Island with Cesar at Priuto tours; he was great. My husband also took a tour into the island by suv which he enjoyed. I asked Cesar about buying cigars and he arranged for one of the cigar factories to pick us up for a tour. There was no charge for this. My daughter even got to roll one! I'm sure Cesar received a kick-back from what we spent there, but so what, that's how things work. I know this review is long, but after reading so many negative reviews before I left, I decided to write this one so that anyone who is going there will not feel hesitant about their decision like I did. All I can think is that the negative reviews came from people who would not be pleased with anything, whether it was a Ritz-Carlton hotel or better.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>montecarloss2004
<Content>clean hotel but needs better maintenance staff overall nice hotel very clean, the food was very good i would recomend this resort for older people not too much night life and me and my wife had a couple problems like the power went out for 4 hours one night, one night there was no hot water. we complained and got nowhere.the best part of our trip was the sports bar and make sure you get carlos as your bartender he is outstanding.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	1	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Mashechka
<Content>Lovely mediterranian-style property with gorgeous beach       Having fun  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pimptown
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly The Airport--Realitively nicer than expected...there are places to each there and seats to sit in. The less spanish you speak, the more problems you may have.The Weather--It was a nice 85-87 degrees and it only rained one evening.The Beach--It was very very nice...the waves were a bit harsh but the beach was nice. There are topless women YOUNG and OLD on the beach.The Hotel--: Room Service -was quick and the food was terrible...it was bland and tasted worse than cafeiteria food.Hotel Room-Smelled bad and I let incence burn all day every day. Additionally, I brought plug ins, Lysol, and placed Bounce Fabric sheets throughout the room, on the bed and curtains...yes, the smell is just that bad and these efforts made a BIG difference. I even brought my own sheets and pillow cases with me becasue the sheets were not very clean and the bed was HARDHARDHARD.The Food--The food was ok...it was more like cafeteria food EXCEPT for the following: fruit, the Christmas Buffet was the BEST!!!, homemade doughnuts and homemade smoothies!!!!The Employees--You have to be nice to them and they will treat you exceptional WITHOUT giving them a tip! I did not have any problems with the staff and they switched me twice until I got a room with an ocean view that i was satisfied with.The Activiities---Please register for the various resturants early in the morning...some of the resturants are not worth it i.e. italian and japanese. However, the Oscar was really nice. Please register for the water activities early in the morning becasue they fill up quickly as well. Visit the other hotels for nightly activities ans more food flavors.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	4	-1	

<Author>juno1117
<Content>Beautiful hotel abd beach but I would pass       bar  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>pctravler
<Content>Not really a five star hotel The hotel was really beatiful and the beach was great. We also enjoyed the food and had a nice quiet stay. Employees were also great.However, I'll never stay at another Rui. I just find the beds were like sleeping on the floor. I ended up using the cushions on the couch to sleep on after not having two nights of sleep . I talked to other guests and they bought a blow up matress to use instead. Also the rooms are very musty. I had to leave my suitcases out side to unpack so the air could freshen them . I did't unpack my clothes do to the smell but it still went into the suitcase. I had to wash my backpack and thow away most of its contents do to the smell. I live in Florida and we don't have this problem. It seems there air conditioners don't take out moisture so nothing dries.I tried febreze and it didn't help.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>reclermo
<Content>Honeymoon destination with a smile.       Courtyard facing the resort.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mrspeddle
<Content>Interesting Experience       Guest Room  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Patsopinion
<Content>great beach and weather My family of 4 stayed at the Riu Palace for 7nights during the busiest week, Christmas. We had a wonderful time. Our roomhad no smell at all, it overlooked the beautiful courtyard. The beds were hard but for 7n I could handle it. The employees werevery nice and helpful. They always greeted us with a smile. Thefood was fine, there was always a carving station, pasta station,plus plenty of vegetable and fruit choices at the buffet.The pool, the room, the restaurant, the grounds and especially the beach were all spotless. The mini frig was stocked everydayand the housekeeper kept us all stocked with plently of fresh towels. The beach was one of the nicest beaches we have everenjoyed. There were no rocks, sea shells or sea weed. We havebeen to 8 Caribbean Islands.We were hesitant to go to Riu because of the reviews, I am soglad we did not listen to the negative reviews because we wouldhave ended up missing a GREAT vacation.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lkilli01
<Content>I still miss it!       Riu Palace  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dignplant
<Content>Beautiful but service needs work! Very beautiful property as are most RIUs. Stayed at the Palace Macau twice and the Palace Punta Cana service is not even close. Small things. My family had three rooms. 2 of 3 would get fresh washcloths (facecloths), one wouldn't, even after leaving a tip. Ice machines in the hallway didn't work...not until my son realized on the second day they were not turned on. On the first day I reported this to the front desk and they did nothing. My room had one (1) tumbler glass left for us at the mini-bar, not once but 5 out of 7 days. 1 of 3 rooms had a small bottle of rum left on top of the mini-bar. RIU has begun using the shower soap/shampoo combination attached to the shower wall for a few years. The plastic bottle held in place upside down and you simply squeeze out enough to wash your hair or body. The liquid is normally thick enough so that it doesn't leak out. Ours was filled with a very runny liquid soap and was not hung upside down on the wall or it would have drained empty in 30 seconds, so it was left on the side of the tub, right side up, all 7 days. Not a big deal....but so many things added up. Don't get me wrong, we love RIU. I recently earned Diamond status with RIU Class, 13 visits over 4 or 5 years or so. Diamond status gets you NOTHING! Gold status the last few years gets you NOTHING. I followed the rule and e-mailed a request for an upgraded room 3 weeks before the trip..nothing. Yes, it was Christmas week and I understand if there were no upgrades available but our room faced the courtyard and there were several upgrade suites completely unused during our stay. The front desk actually told me at check in that they gave me an upgrade but after 13 stays at 8 different RIUs I know I didn't get an upgrade. I even went to the front desk and told them that it would be much better to simply say there were no upgrades available rather than try to fool me. Will I go back to RIU, absolutely. Will I go back to the Palace Punta Cana, absolutely NOT.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadianCapital
<Content>Beautiful Beach with Bad Beds       Punta Cana beach.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bella045
<Content>Find another place to get married We were married in June 2007 at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. We planned our wedding 8 months in advance; the wedding coordinator was very accomodating to all my wedding requests via emails. When I arrived and met with the wedding coordinater, the first thing she asked was..Can you change the date of your wedding; as she had other weddings the same day. We thought we were having our ceremony on the beach in front of the Riu Palace, but they only do beach weddings in front of their sister property the Riu Macaw. A fifteen min. walk for your guests..not a big deal except if your guests are elderly. No shuttle available for the guests (I had 50 guests staying at this hotel).My finance and guests waited for me on the beach for 1 hour (I was not trying to be fashionably late) my ride over never showed; after several phone calls, they finally brought me over. We had a great time despite their disorganization. We are easy going and were happy to be on a beautiful beach with all of our friends and family. I have been to many all inclusives Club Meds, Iberostar in LaRomana, Peter Island BVI, Cancun, Los Cabos, never had a problem. BAD FOOD at the hotel not edible..Many of my guests were very ill from the food at the hotel. The Riu Hotel itself is magnificant and the beach is beautiful. Service and food not good. I would recommend the Iberostar resorts..Hotel is not as magnificant in looks but good food and excellent service.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>larosa46
<Content>lovely with a few minor issues just returned from a family vacation over the christmas holiday and the hotel was a beautiful property. some of the comments were very helpful before we left for our vacation. the grounds are really pretty and it is a very well maintained property. the staff are very friendly and helpful. always with a smile and 'ola'. they are always cleaning every inch. it is spotless. never had to wait for a drink, a meal, a room. rosemary at the reception desk was always nice and assisted us with any need. the food in the buffet was much better than the restaurants on the property. these could stand to be improved greatly. they were pretty and had great service but the food was not as good in these specialty restaurants as in the buffet( which by the way was lovely with white table linens, candles and flowers). lunch snack area was nothing special. my only other issue was the beds. HARD as slabs of granite. you might think you were sleeping in the flinstone house. Rui should do something about this. otherwise, it was a very well run, gorgeous atmosphere. lots to do if you want it, not in your face if you don't. bring cash, no atm in sight.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>54racing
<Content>Great Vacation!!!!!!!! We arrived the evening of the 12th of December. Where picked up from the airport in a lexus and driven to the resort( Im sure this is not normal but we where the only ones on our plane going to riu palace). The drive to the resort is very interesting,(put your seat belt on) locals are crazy drivers. Check-in: Upon arrival we where greeted with an ice cold beer and a smile. We where booked in a sweet with the garden view which was looking to the south at the Bambo. While checking in I asked kindly if it was possible to get a room upgrade to a courtyard view, the man stated it would be an extra $40 a night. So I then waved a $20 bill at him, he then stated if I come back tomorrow at 1 O'clock he would upgrade at no charge. The first room we had did smell ALOT but the next day we were upgraded to a room facing the courtyard it had absolutely no smell. I believe it did not smell because we were closer to the front of the hotel away from the ocean. ROOMS: The rooms were very clean! They were very nice in side better than I expected. beds are a little on the hard side but we had no problems sleeping. A/C worked great(make sure patio door is shut TIGHT or the a/c will not turn on there is a sensor at the top of the door). Fridge was always stocked with pepsi, diet pepsi, 7up, water, orange, club soda, Brahma beer, and tonic. beds were made twice a day.FOOD: The was good not great. we did not eat at any specialty resturants. we were told they had the same food at the buffet. Breakfast was always the best meal( it had choices just like we would have at home). We never ate lunch just had big breakfast and big dinner.. Dinner buffet always had a special meat that was hand carved each night( This was very good always) each night was a different meat (Ham, Turkey, Roasted Pork,Chicken, Duck,) one night they had Lobster.POOL: We spent most of the time at the pool. There was always plenty of chairs to sit at. If u want chairs close to the pool u might need to get up early. There was always a fresh drink in front of u. If u tip the waiter every couple drinks by mid-day he would bring two at a time, this was great. The beach was beautiful lots of chairs every where to sit on. It is a bit breezy on the beach but felt good because of the heat.ENTERTAINMENT STAFF: Theses are the people that made the vacation for us they where wonderful. we became very good friends with them all especially Jose Migeul. (very sad when we left). They do games throughout the day(ping pong, bean bag toss, Darts,volleyball, and water arobics) If u play any of the games u get a diploma and a bottle of rum presented to u at the show in the evening( we got three).SHOWS: The shows we thought where always great. our favorite sever at the show was Gregory he was awsome. Each night was a different show. The show starts each night a 10 and lasts about an hour.Hotel: This place was beautiful and very clean. Someone called almost everyday to check that everything was OK. everyone there is so friendly. We speak NO spanish and did not have any problems at all. After looking at the other riu hotels here I would have been very disappointed if I would have stayed at the other ones this place worth the extra money. Sorry it was a long review but this is an honest review from an american point of view... SHOPPING: Do most of it on property they have the best deals. Twice while we were there during dinner and before the shows a bunch of venders set up in the courtyard. There prices start very high but u can deal ALOT. we bought neckless' , rings and cigars each one started from $200 to $100US. But with some dealing we got most everything under 25 dollars. We even bought some (REAL)Cuban Cigars they started at $300 for 25 of them ended up getting the for $50. Other places I could not get them for less then $100, most places wanted $8 a piece. They do have about 8 or 10 shops close to the beach right next to the spa most of the prices there u can not deal,But they are pretty good prices. The Coach purses u see every were around there are fake so be careful But they are VERY good nock offs. OK I will shut up know..IF U HAVE ANY QUESTIONS AT ALL ASK, EMAIL ME OR LEAVE ME A NUMBER I CAN CALL U so much i could tell but this is long enough..lol  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mark_and_Janette
<Content>Riu Bambu, Macao Palace, nice place but the same as all the rest. Mark and Janette - Waterloo, CanadaDecember 11/2007My wife and I just got back from 2 weeks at the Riu complex. We have travelled twice or more per year to the carribean from Canada in the winter. Many different resorts. This was our first time to this chain because we had heard so much about it. It was a very nice place. We have no complaints but we do want to say that this is a four star resort not five. It is the same as the Barcelo, Catalonia and others along this stretch of beach. We usually book our trips close to departure to get the best value. We booked this one early to ensure that we got availability. We over paid and it is not worth the extra money. Our daughter went to Natura Park, a couple of miles down the beach during our second week and loved it, They had some better features even. She paid less than half of what we paid to this resort. Same sun, sand, water, better food and weather.We don't want to discourage anyone from this resort but don't pay more than any other resort. Next time we will go to the Barcelo again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>sweetyred
<Content>Don't waste your time...or your money. My family stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from December 1-8, 2007. I will agree with the other reviewers that the hotel itself was spectacular. We had no issues with check-in, the staff was lovely and the rooms were nice and clean.HOWEVER...the smell of raw sewage seeping into the rooms was repulsive. Public washrooms smell better and there was no room spray that could have made a difference. I'm fascinated by the people who say that the food was great and there was lots of variety at the buffet. I have been to a number of resorts and I know not to expect fantastic food when I'm away. I would have been happy with mediocre, but the Riu Palace doesn't even deserve that review. The food was awful, often undercooked, and they pretty much served the exact same food night and day. Other than Mexican night (which was the one enjoyable meal) they didn't seem to have any theme nights and for such a big resort the size of the buffet was very disappointing. Also, the special each night was presented again the next day at the lunch restaurant. I lived off bread and butter most days, which was a welcome alternative to what they were serving.Although I had a nice time on my vacation, I would not recommend the RIU Palace to anyone. This is a shame because it is such a nice looking resort and with better food and less sewage smell it would have been perfect.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Mousekala
<Content>The Palace is a fitting name for this hotel We just got back from a week's stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. The hotel is magnificent. Our check-in was flawless, Reymundo took excellent care of us (I am not sure if I spelled his name, so if I did not, I apologize). The room was spotless, the bathroom had two sinks and a nice size tub with a great shower (the husband was impressed). There was also a mini bar, which was filled once a day, not by the cleaning staff, but by another hotel staff that came at different times during the day (which wasn't a problem). Plus if you ever wanted for anything (like a bottle of vino tinto for me), all you had to do was dial 'O' and someone came up with our order. Once I did have to call 2x, but no big deal. Don Manuel, the main restaurant where breakfast, lunch and dinner was served was excellent. Breakfast 7:00-10:30, lunch 1:00-3:00, dinner 6:30 to 10:00, men have to wear long pants for dinner, women can wear whatever they like, I wore shorts a couple of times and noone said boo, is that fair to the men? no, but that is the way it is. There is plenty to choose from and everything is good. The staff is also very attentive and pleasant. We tipped $2 every time we ate there, it's not required, but very much appreciated. The resort has other restaurants and we did sample 3 of them; the Brazilian, Japanese and the Steakhouse. They were all good, but my favourite was the steakhouse, even though I had the chicken (go figure) which was huge, with a baked potato, veggies and corn (hmm..the corn was a bit tough), but the salad bar was very yummy and the staff extremely friendly. The restaurant is situated outside by the pool, and when you come from a cold climate, you really appreciate sitting outside in December, when you know back home you are freezing. We always greeted everyone with 'hola' or 'buenos dias' as well as 'gracias' and always received a smile. I did find a lot of guests did not really bother to try and say anything in spanish, which I think was a shame. We did leave a $5 every day for the cleaning staff, but I am not sure how much of a difference that made, meaning in how well the room was cleaned, but it made us feel good and that is what it's all about. Though on our last day one of the staff did catch us as we were walking back to our room in the late afternoon to let us know she placed another roll of toilet paper at our door (which I thought was very charming) and the day prior someone else came in during the afternoon to freshen up the towels and give us more toilet paper, again not sure if that was the standard or because of the tips we left (or maybe they thought we were in need of more toilet paper then they usually supplied, could be). The drinks were plentiful, but they only offer one type of a beer, Brahma, and it would have been nice to have a choice of at least two. We tried the sports bar a couple of times, but it was smoke-filled (you can smoke anywhere on the resort, yeah for smokers) and the snacks that were offered were really not that good. The hot dogs were okay, but the nachos were horrible. Oh, I did try a margarita, but, well that was pretty horrible too. I don't normally drink the fancy drinks, (I stick to wine and beer), so that wasn't earth shattering for me. They have sandwiches in the fridge, and my husband had the burger, and it was so-so, but it is open 24 hours, so I am sure when you have the munchies, it fills the spot. There are slot machines (hey why didn't anyone tell me that prior to our arrival?), a pool table, plenty of TV's, computers as well as few games. The beach is spectacular and there are enough lounge chairs for everyone, though I can't say that for the pool. It was always filled up everytime we arrived (the guests must have been there at 7:00 a.m., who is up at that time when you are on vacation?) and the chairs were very close together, so you were really better off at the beach, more space and privacy. The entertainment was interesting. Every night, well almost every night, in the courtyard they had a band playing, and people danced, but it didn't last very long, maybe an hour or two (which was a shame, it would have been nice if it went on until at least 10:00 p.m.). Then they had a show in the bar across from Don Manuel, but we never hung around long enough to really see what that was all about, so I can't really comment . There is a disco in the next resort, Riu Macao, but it's about a 10 minute walk. Would I recommend this hotel for singles, NO. There were couples, young and old and few families, but I think the hotel is definitely more for couples. They did have a show for the children, but it didn't seem that spectacular and I heard that at other resorts they had clowns, and games to play.So what can you gather from this review, and what is it about this resort that is so appealing? Let me count the ways. The hotel is magnificent, the rooms are spectacular and extremely clean. You definitely feel safe when you close the door to your room. The food is scrumptious, delicious, and we never got sick and my husband has a very sensitive stomach. Don Manuel restaurant is excellent, and watch out for Margarita at breakfast, the juice lady , she always has a smile on her face. The beach is amazing. Bonus is that you can visit all the other hotels within the complex, eat and drink at your heart's content. On the other hand, the guests at all of the other hotels are not allowed on yours....not sure why that is, but hey who cares? You are on vacation, to relax, eat and drink, and this hotel delivers. Would we go back? You BET.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Sammyt
<Content>OK I wanted to write a report for this hotel to let you know that I enjoyed this hotel! I enjoyed the fact that because it was a RIU, I could visit the other six RIU's next to the Palace. I stayed at another resort back in March in Punta Cana and we were locked into staying at that particular hotel and it really got boring towards the end of the week. The entertainment was good. The Michael Jackson show was my favorite. As far as the food goes, most days were good; however, I really enjoyed getting back to the US for a nice JUICY CHEESBURGER!!!! WE did have a bit of trouble the first day with the check-in staff especially the manager!!! He was very rude. They originally gave us a GARDEN view when I specifically asked for POOL view when I booked. He hung up on me at first, then I called back and he said AM I SURE that I requested that? I brought down my information to throw it in his face! I did get my poolside room, but it was alot of work. Also, the room service people did not speak very good English and it was a PA to speak to them!!! I did not have that problem at the other hotel!!! Also, this hotel did not get ESPN!!! Are you kidding Me????? The other hotel did and that was MELIA CARIBE. The rooms at Melia did not smell and every room was a suite!!! It was nice, but this hotel was nice too. They both have pos. and negs. you do the research!!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>EatDrinkNBMerry
<Content>Perfect "10" We highly recommend the RIU Palace Punta Cana . The hotel is stunning from top to bottom. The lobby is one of the most beautiful we have ever seen! The check-in staff are friendly and efficient. The Rooms are large and clean, complimented with beautiful tile and granite. King size beds with hard mattress (We loved it and no problem sleeping. We also drank a lot!!!). The closet is large. The bathroom is a descent size  includes a shower/Jacuzzi tub. (We did not use the Jacuzzi). The AC worked great. Four bottle bar with a fridge stocked with a variety of beer, soda and water. Also, there is a drop down living room with sofa , coffee table and 25in TV including bureau. Patio is adequate including two chairs, small table, and retractable clothes line. Our view was of the jungle and mountains. (Muy Bonita!!)Housekeeping staff are friendly and efficient. The Pool is very large with two elevation and several built in Jacuzzi surrounding same. Beach Chairs are plentiful, but get there early for your preferred spot. Pool bar is well equipped and staff is friendly and efficient. Try the Pina Coladas.The Beach is spotless with plenty of palm trees and beach chairs. But once again, get there early for your preferred spot. The sand is unbelievable. The ocean water is crystal clear with rideable waves. I am a big fisherman, so I brought my gear. I kayaked out to the reef were fish were plentiful. I made friends with the towel valet and he provided me with cooked shrimp for fishing. Also, got fresh shrimp from the chefs.The Restaurants are all grouped together but one. We ate at the Japanese, Gourmet and Buffet. The Japanese was good with plenty of sushi. The Gourmet was excellent!!! (Order the Jersey Spare Ribs)  the pasta. But our favorite was the buffet. The variety was awesome. Great fruit, veggie and fish. (Don鈥檛 miss out on the Grouper and Dorado) Muy Bueno. The chefs take pride in making you happy. Special orders don鈥檛 upset them. Best of all was the dining staff. They are a lot of fun. Elvin adopted us for the week. He is a great waiter and will fulfill any request. Other highlights are the pasta bar, ice cream and desserts; and the cheeses. I can鈥檛 tell you how the meats were, but they looked awesome. They had roast turkey, roast pork, roast rabbit and steaks. If you like chocolate, drizzle some over your fresh fruit, ice cream or cake!!!***My wife is a vegitarian - - no meat, seafood or eggs. There was plenty for her to eat - - the salad bar included bean salads, plenty of fresh fruit,  plenty of veggies/beans on the hot bars***The Bars are located throughout the resort. The lobby bar, the 24hr sports bar, pool bar, lounge bar and pavilion bar are all well stocked with local and imported liqueurs . The local rum is very good. If we had one complaint, it would be that the sports bar is not well ventilated. It is one area where people can smoke inside  it does get thick w/smoke.The Landscaping is beautiful  well maintained. Get a picture w/the guys  their machetes. All  all we give the RIU Palace Punta Cana a big #10.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JezebelBulldog
<Content>Good Time :) Check-in: The resort itself is gorgeous! When we arrived, we were promptly and courteously attended to by the reception staff. We were served a refreshing juice drink while we waited for our check-in to be completed, which was very swift. Accomodations: The rooms are beautiful . . . spacious and meticuously maintained. Everything was in working order when we arrived and everything was spotless! They even make towels into creative designs and decorate them with flowers for your enjoyment. We did have one problem with the air conditioning in our room during our stay, but we called down to the reception desk and maintenance was in our room repairing the problem within 30 minutes. One hint: be sure to let the maid service know how many face cloths you require each day; otherwise they leave only one. Pool: The pools were wonderfully maintained and adequately sized. The grounds staff chemically treated all pools each evening, and cleaned them thoroughly each morning. Grounds: All grounds . . . from the plant life to the walkways . . . were beautiful and well maintained. All walkways were cleaned throughout the day. They do have a lot of centipedes in the Dominican, though, so we watched our step. Nature yields to no one! Food: We did not make reservations at any of the specialty restaurants. We simply ate at the buffets each meal during our 10-day stay. The breakfast was wonderful! They have a chef who makes omelettes to order, and many other wonderful selections. Dinner was good, too. They had several themed nights to keep things interesting and offer a variety of selections. The fruits and vegetables are very fresh and absolutely delicious. The desserts are not the best, but it saves on empty calories, so you won't hear me complaining. By the way, Thomas Jay (our waiter) was amazing!!!!! He treated us like royalty and made our stay even more enjoyable.Beach: The beach was wonderful! We walked and walked the powder soft white sand. The ocean was warm and clear and we were able to do some amazing body surfing. I highly recommend taking a spin on the banana boats. It was so much fun! You do see a lot of bare breasts, which I wasn't very appreciative of with my 15-year-old son with us, but most of them were nasty and he didn't want to look anyway! LOL!Entertainment: The entertainment staff worked very hard . . . and very long hours each day . . . to keep the guests entertained. I personally like to simply relax and soak up the sun, so I didn't really participate in anything. I did try the water arobics a few times, and that was ok. The nightly shows were not the best. The same dancers each night, performing basically the same routines in different costumes. It grew stale quite fast. But, the His Games and Hers Games nights were very entertaining, as well as the Michael Jackson show. Note: If you are not a smoker, which we are not, it is dreadful to sit in the theatre. You are surrounded by cigar and cigarette smoke! By the time the show is over, your eyes sting, your throat burns, and you smell horrible! I would recommend sitting on the outside terrace and watching the show from there, to try to scrounge up at least some fresh air.Bars: The drinks were delicious . . . Pina Coladas for me! The bar staff works very hard to ensure you are served in as prompt a fashion as they can manage, no matter which bar you are being served from. All in all, we had a really nice time! Just a side note: the staff at the resort work very long hours and very hard. I know tipping is not mandatory, but it honestly disgusts me to read that people do not tip. My thoughts on the matter: Tip and tip well! They deserve it with the level of service they are providing. We were treated well by everyone, especially our waiter, and it was a pleasure for us to show them we appreciated their efforts to make our stay as wonderful as possible.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lenchik25
<Content>Choose any other Riu but this one.......pleaseeeeeee. We decided to try this hotel back in May '07, being it was still fairy new. Now I see Why it has it's name: It only LOOKS Like a Palace. The Lobby  gardens are beautiful, staff was friendly, but here comes the good news. The Linens on the bed were beyond sticky  had an odd smell, the theme of the room was almost that of a Funeral Home  there was a blackout; they didn't even have any functioning emergency lights! and when we called the from dest to find out when the lights will come back on they HUNG UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The pool was very hot! There are no trees to provide shade to the pool area, we even got sunburned IN the pool, and by around 3 pm the pool felt like a very hot tub. The entertainment team was horrible! They did the swim aerobics routine 2x a day  did it the SAME WAY  THE EXACT SAME MUSIC EVERY DAY! The other activities were quite remedial. We tried their evening entertainment  It made Me want To sleep. Not to mention that the entertainment team did not present themself in a nice manner, they acted like they dont care and they hardly even intertained.HERE COME THE FOOD: Beyond HORRIBLE, every day the same thing and i meant EVERY DAY. For dinner u have a choice of 4 restaurants and please do yourself a favor if you dont want to spend the rest of your vacation in the bathroom please stick to simple buffet choices. The food at those restaurants was not thoroughly cooked. Menu choice is very limited. One time me and my boyfriend decided to order chicken with mashed potatoes and vagtables. OHHHH we were shocked to see what we got...... the mashed potatoes were made out of powder and taste nasty, vagetable were old and they just took on whole chicken without cleaning it, cut it in half cooked it and served half a checked to each of us. I swear when my boyfriend looked at it, it moved a wing. LOL, seriousely food is beyond expression, it is HORRIBLE and it will hurt you later.Overall, save your money and your time, DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL, you will be very very disappointed.If you want to stay at RIU, stay at RIU NAIBOA, its it simple but trust me food is good and entertainment is GREAT. You will enjoy your time....I stayed there 4 times.But if you want any other hotel then RIU then you will make a great decision by choosing Grand Bahia Principe. Just read their reviews and you will see I am not lying.GOOD LUCK AND ENJOY YOUR VACATION AND REMEMBER BE CAREFULLY WHAT HOTEL YOU CHOOSE. DONT CHOOSE THIS ONE.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Oakland_NjHappygirl
<Content>Had a great time at the Riu Palace This hotel is a fantastic value. The rooms are spotless. The bathroom is spacious and well-appointed with double sinks. Plenty of towels. The terrace is comfortable.  I am disapointed reading other reviews where people complain about the lack of English spoken by the staff. Neither my husband nor I had any difficulty being understood or understanding the staff. Neither of us speaks Spanish but it is not hard to learn to say hello, thank you, please, coffee or beer in Spanish. It is preposterous to go to another country and expect people to speak your language.  The staff is incredibly friendly and efficient. This was the second time we stayed at a Riu. Last month we were in Cancun. The Cancun Riu had more Americans, the Punta Cana Riu had more Europeans. We saw plenty of extended families. Young couples on their honeymoon, older people, young couples with small children.  The food was amazing. I love fresh vegetables. There were fresh vegetables available for breakfast, lunch and dinner. At lunch and dinner I mostly ate fish and vegetables. People have told me they don't like buffet food. This food is not sitting out for hours. It is constantly being replenished. Chefs are standing behind the buffet cooking up more of everything. The variety is tremendous. There is plenty of fresh fruit too. If you try to eat healthy there is plenty for you. If you are a little more decadent, you will find plenty to tempt you too. I was especially impressed with the cheese. Every night after dinner I had a little brie, goat cheese and blue cheese with prunes and apricots. Delicious!  Every morning we arranged for coffee to be brought up to the room. No additional charge for room service.  We did not change any money - never needed to. I think my husband took 20 or 30 US dollars in 1 dollar bills for tips. The staff is not expecting a tip and they are very happy to get one. We went snorkeling, horseback riding, walked the beautiful beach, swam in both the ocean and the beautiful swimming pool.  The staff work very hard to come up with activities like darts, horseshoes, dancing lessons, silly pool games to keep people occupied.  There is a fitness center on the property. There are spa services like massage available. If you are looking for exciting night life, this might not be the place for you. If you are looking to meet someone, this might not be the place for you. If you want to relax and soak up some sun and not break the bank, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>charlie2
<Content>You Would Need Your Head Examined If You Ever Decided To Go Back We have travel to numerous resorts througout the Caribbean and have even stayed at the Riu in the Bahamas twice and this was the worst experience ever.Resort and Rooms: Hotel is pretty and the beach is very nice but do not let looks deceive. No one really speaks any English so it is very hard to communicate any request you may have. Even when they finally understand your request it is never fulfilled. They do not exchange any US money so make sure you take small bills with you. It is very diffucult to get beach or pool chairs. Pool is very crowded and mostly European's. No games or fun. Riu Macao had better pool games.If you think you are going to some grand casino think again. It was like entering into some seedy disgusting cave. The have some slot machines that do not work and very little gaming. When we first entered I was actually scared and it looked like it had not been opened for years. Rooms are stuffy and moldy but we live in S. Fla. and are used to that. The beds were like sleeping on a granite slab.Food: This is where the review went from tolerable to untolerable. The food was GROSS!! Absolutely unedible. We are not very picky but during the six days we were there I think we managed to eat the soggy stale french fries and a few bits of salad at best. I threw up in the plane all the way home - my stomach could take no more.They serve only draft beer and all drinks are served in small hard plastic cafateria sized glasses. The smell of the glasses would make you puke. You could not get any type of disposable plastic cups anywhere just so you could get away from the smell.Cocktails were served in the same style glass so you could never get away from the puke smell,Shows: A joke. We had 3-4 year old kids running all over the front stage area while the performances went on. No one said a thing or told them to stop. We tried but again no English.Overall: I would never go back nor would I ever stay at another Riu. The first time at the Riu in Bahamas (they had just opened) it was great. Second time was not so good but gave them the benefit of the doubt. Third time in Punta Cana terrible,  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>greekchick30
<Content>a great resort but no different than going to a 4star or 4.5 star in punta cana       front view of the resort  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>bigbrother1Sussex
<Content>Not Quite A 5 Star In My Opinion hotel impressive on arrival, lobby a wow. reception quick and easy. room allocated for 3 people not big enough, 3rd person left to sleep on a sofa bed or a bed bought in, unnaceptable.rooms are musty found leaving aircon on 2 helped.tipping not really necessary as service very good anyway but did tip maids and waiting staff at restaurants. towel art left in rooms by maids beautiful and room kept spotless. pool area and beach clean and stunning, white sand turqoise waters. drinks bought round on beach regually try lemonade lovely.the walk along beach to other riu hotels very nice, either along sea edge or walkway, takes around 10 mins. carribean st colourul with local merchandise etc. plenty of watersports to do, although look out for red flag flying as sea can be rough. restaurants never tried as stuck to buffet so cant comment but looked busy most nights. food was a bit plain and dry alot of choice but same night after night apart from roasts. breakfast no baked beans or tomatoes so again dry. entertainment was good in day plenty of dance classes on beach and aqua aerobics in pool. evening was the residential team who tried there best. champagne flows in abundance and chilled glasses, drinks good measures and not local gin or vodka, had ice in drinks and its fine. never had bad stomach or got bitten never used my repellant. as said lovely hotel but rooms small if 3 of you so get an interconnecting room, also sea views they are limited side sea views as suites. tower rooms have full sea view not available to thomson guests.all in all not a 5 star as we know it but good attempt.trips did marinarium fantastic afternoon, staff excellent and if a beginner at snorkelling very patient. great party atmosphere on boat loads of laughs. worth every penny, try it.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>globetrekker4life
<Content>I won't be back! The hotel lobby, the beach and the entrance were impressive, and the employees were nice, but that's were it ends. The food is barely edible: resturants are terrible, the buffet is better but you'll want for something decent to eat after 2-3 days. The rooms omit a horrible moldy odor, that can't be healthy, but you do get used to it after a few hours. I've washed my clothes three times and can't get the smell out. I may have to discard them. My suitcases also smell. The beds are not very inviting; they are hard and the linens are not comfortalbe. The pool is just ok. There was a lot of topless sun bathing which could be a problem if you're looking for a family vacation. By the end of the vacation, I couldn't wait to get back to my bed and some decent food.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swimkings
<Content>great beach and service       Beach  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>B767300
<Content>The palace is a palace! A pretty superb hotel. Just arrived back after two weeks in the sun (and a little Dom Rep rain!!) and had a great time. Like any hotel there are always things that you can fault , but i guess that this place there are not that many. Sure, the humidity does make your clothes feel a littel damp, but a couple of minutes in the sun sorts that problem!!. Food was great, the service excellant, location and beach the best and the staff could not do enough for you. My only observation was the lack of tea/coffee making facilitys in the rooms, so if you want an early hot drink, BYO stuff including kettle !Overall superb holiday and hotel, and will be going back there again  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrsaturday
<Content>eye popping A Trip Advisor Member, Cape May N.J.Date, November 10,2007This is our eighth trip to the Dominican Republic but our first to this resort.We arrived around 11:30 AM. The lobby which is huge was air conditioned and is a spectacular view. Check in was smooth and quick. Our rooms were ready. Who ever complains about unfriendly help must not know how to talk to people. From the time we arrived until we left everyone was friendly and helpful. Included was the safe lock, no additional charge. A lot of places tag you $3.00 a day extra. We booked a courtyard view and got it . Our friends booked a garden view but because we were on the court side they were upgraded free of charge. Elevators were a nice plus. Yes the rooms had a musty smell . A Glade plug in helped. ( yes, when we got home we had to wash everything because of the smell) The rooms were a good size and everything worked fine. We had plenty of hot water and the air was really cold. These are two things we demand for our vacations. It was clean and not one bug. Yes again, the beds were hard but your not home. Turn down service was prompt and they replaced towels twice a day. The room refrigorator was always stocked with beer, water, club soda, tonic water, and soda for your mixed drinks in the room.There was no coffee pot in your room but a call for room service and a pot was delivered within 10 minutes.FOOD- Breakfast was good at the buffet, plenty of everything.Lunch- Don-Manuel, enough variety to satisfy almost everone. Not great but good.La-Altagracia- which is close to the beach was O.K., not great, however one day they had lots of shrimp for lunch. Thats the only time we saw shrimp offered anywhere in the place. Restaurants with reservations, We waited about 2 minutes everyday before breakfast. Not the best plan but not that big a deal.Yokohama  Japanenese- was either closed or not available all week.La Bodega, Brazilian- terrible, they bring a little of everthing on the menue. Beef was tough, Turkey was dry, Pork was all gristle. We left there for the buffet. All six of us agreed.. When we left the manager asked why? and I quietly told him. Luigi Italian- It was good, however it is not a full sit down dinner, you have to get your own salads, appitizers and dessertsLa Altagracia Steak House- It was O.K. Again it was self service except for the main course. Sir Oscar Gourmet- This was by far the best meal and the service was outstanding. It was a true dinner. Service was soups to nuts. Don Manuel - Buffet dinner- There was enough of a variety that no one should go hungry. Not great but good. Grouper and an unnamed fish was plentiful as was steamed squid. No lobster or shrimp anywhere on any menue, not even for an additional cost.Waiters, even in the buffet restaurants wore tuxedos. All of the restaurants except La Altagracia are air conditioned.Alcohol- only one beer- Presedente. There is a large selection of top shelf alcohol but you must ask for it or they will serve you the island brand.Lobby Bar- Very roomy, nice and comfortable.Sports Bar- The best we have ever seen on the island.Pool Bar- Good quick service. ( remember to bring insulated mugs) Several bar tendors remembered our drinks all week. All in our group have worked jobs for tips so we were guilty of tipping freely and most workers appreciated it. The Beach- If you didn't like the beach you should maybe go to Alaska. Pleny of shade and chairs. The Water- Was rough a couple of days. We live on the Ocean so we know to check the color of the flags flying to let you know the water conditions.Skip the walk on the beach to the markets. Since the last time we were there they got Americanized and want more for there stuff than you pay at the airport. Besides that, it is a good 45-50 minute walk one way.The Pool- Some complaints I read before going said the pool was small. I found it to be an adequate size. There always appeared to be plenty of room.The Spa- Inside the fitness center is a giant hot tub and cold tub with room to fit at least 30 people. It was all stone and reminded us of something from the Roman Spas. Massages were an extra cost but with the Riu Club card it was a saving of $25.00.Night Life- Not much going on after 10PM. In General- English is not the main language at this resort, so if your not used to it you may want to go somewhere else.There were some children there but all were well behaved and were not a distraction. I would not recommend this place for children or young persons looking to party all night.During a day of rain we were able to move about almost the entire resort under cover, however the tile floors in the open halls got wet and are slipery ,so be careful.We had no desire to sightsee the other Riu resorts.The Riu Palce was the most beautiful and best kept resort we have ever been too. It appears no cost was spared for decorations. With an upgrade on food it could be one of the best on the island.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Schimizz
<Content>RIU Palace - Punta Cana - Food Poisoning - Keep Away In April 2007, my husband and I stayed at the RIU Palace in Punta Cana which we have renamed Puka Kaka. On my third day of vacation at the RIU Palace, I was rushed by ambulance to the hospital where I spent the next two days - diagnosis FOOD POISONING. I am a very picky eatter and never would have eatten anything that would be considered risky. After I was discharged, I was placed on a very restricted diet (only melon, cooked veggies, and bottled water). Upon my return back to the RIU Palace Punta Cana I was still physically out of it. My vacation (as well as my husband's) was ruined. The management (who was aware that I was rushed to the hospital) never contacted me upon my return to the hotel to see how I was feeling. After I returned home, I e-mailed their corporate office and was told it was not their fault - they did all they could do - which by the way was NOTHING. I spent two days in the hospital (as did my husband at my side) and I could not eat or drink upon my return to the RIU - and I received NO reimbursement or certificate to be used at another RIU Palace. Their lack of concern about the health and well-being of their guests is inexcusable. I (we) have never been treated so poorly! By the way, the hospital only takes credit cards and my bill was $1,985.00 to which the RIU Palace said - they are not responsible!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alexander23
<Content>Something is missing here I agree with the negative reviews .Some warmth is missing here.The grandiose lobby is full of Kitsch .Did they not have an architect???Front desk staff not friendly.Main dining room o.k.,lots of variety . No local specialties.Good desserts. Paper napkins for lunch. Wines awful.Waiters more helpful when tipped ahead of time.Beach restaurant (breakfast , lunch) a disaster. Three spoons submerged in every bowl. Most tables cordoned off. You have to get your own cuttlery ,paper serviette and china . Nobody picks up your used dishes .A 5 star hotel???Rooms are o.k. but have oldfashioned keys .Even a key for the safe! Two washbasins but only one small soap per room /weekCorridors innundated when it rains.My back was hurting from uncomfortable chairs on beach and superhard mattress in room.No lifeguards anywhere in Punta Cana , no info on undertow .Other than the beach it's a dreadful island.Will never return.A.S. Toronto ,Canada  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>MaxPower11
<Content>lots of work to do       more art  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	2	4	1	

<Author>dbct
<Content>It's not about the glitz I am a Travel Agent and this is my 7th stay in Punta Cana. This property is by no means a 4* Gogo Worldwide Vacations, nor a 6 Golden Apple. Yes, the lobby will WOW you, but the rest will not. I don't want to be a whiner here because I don't like to read reviews of that nature. Nobody did anything terrible to us. I respect this site and take peoples reviews into consideration before booking anyone. I will tell you some of the reviews on this property (negative) are very much the truth. Check in was really very good. Smooth and informative. The employees are very friendly and I find there isn't as much of a language barrier as some might think. I only speak English and had friendly help with the Spanish. I'll tell you what isn't 4*.... Forget trying to get into the restaurants. They are open only certain nights and if you don't book between 9 and 12 you are out. The one restaurant we were able to get into Brazilian you can keep. The buffet is basically the same so you will be eating pretty much the same each night and at lunch. The food is mediocre. I never once said wow that is good. Regarding the rooms. Great views, clean, and actually I like a smaller property so this was very easy to get around without getting lost and frustrated. Problem.... Mildew.. Mildew...... I am washing my clothes as I write this. Everything in my suitcase is Mildew. The jacket I wore on the way home is terrible, but I had to wear it because we come home to the cold. They need to wash the blankets more often and change AC filters. Room Service.... Excellent as far as service goes, however paper cups for Coffee?? 4 stars??? I really think that my biggest problem with this resort is not the resort itself. It is the fact that the rating doesn't fit. If they said this is a 3 star, then I could live with that. I wouldn't be able to complain. All in all, the bar staff make excellent drinks and are very friendly and that includes all of the staff for the most part. You might be happier at another property for the same money. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liyak
<Content>bad service, bad food, not worth the money on the surface the hotel looked ok. offered all the promised amenities. but when you book an all inclusive which is supposed to be 5* , you expect your food and service to be a MUCH higher quality. I woudl say this is on the level of a 3* resort. the grounds are beautiful as is the beach. but the employees dont make you feel welcome at all. and when i got food poisoning, the person at the front desk didnt give a crap , just told us to seek the onsite doctor ...which we had to pay for out of pocket even though the hotel food made me sick. considering all the food is buffet style, it sits outside in the sun, flies all over it...ugh ...NOT good.so to Puerto Rico instead, and dont get all inclusive  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>ogre70
<Content>NOT A GOOD TIME This was supposed to be my honeymoon and the palace resort told me that they would treat us like gold.The first thing they did wrong was when they did not pick us up at the airport and we had to find transportation to the resort. After we get to the resort the bell hops were preoccupied with talking to help us with our lugage so we carried our own lugage up to our room. I understand that i am in the caribian, but the room smelled very musky and the a/c did not work all that great.the bed was hard as a rock.The palace resort had promised a honeymoon package and a gift in the room, i reminded the front desk of this twice and still did not get anything.when i tried to inform the resort of the problems that i had encountered, they just blew me off.i would recommend to anyone not to go here.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amwIowa
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, beach, breeze I went for my honey moon October 8-15 2007. I was terrified when we went since i kept checking the weather and rain rain rain. Every hour it said rain. We only had rain the first day we got there and maybe an hour about 8pm nightly, not to bad. Everything was fabulous minus some of the other guest. We never felt more disliked or been more rudely treated, BY THE OTHER GUESTS, i would like to make that clear. Some of the locals are pretty good a with English, and a lot of them are trying to learn. There is usually someone around to help, otherwise you just go on same stuff all over. I did read things about people complaining about American's on here before we went, but i had no idea how bad it was.I read alot of reviews about rooms stinking so i brought a 12 pack of votive's and didn't even usse them all. It's not that bad you get use to it. It could be different other times of year though. I did bring bug spray called maxi deet also. I read you had to have deet with over 35 % or something, i still got bit but my husband didn't have any problems.I would recommend going with more then one couple, my husband and i made friends with about 6 other couples which totally made the difference from us not liking it there. If we would have know more spanish though i don't think it would have been so bad. It's just very hard to communicate when half the people don't like you and the others don't understand you. The main lobby bar is the nicest, Angela is usually working there every evening she was always nice. The Gourmet restuarants we only tried the Brazillian which we did not care for and we tried to make reservations a couple other times but they were either booked or the resevation station wasn't open yet. We gave up on that whole deal and stuck to the buffet the rest of the time. I am pregnant now so that could be why the food didn't really appeal to me much , not sure, but i ended up sticking to pizza and spaghetti for the most part. Breakast was alright, the bread sucks crossiants good. The service is always wonderful and half of the tightwads never even tip, we always did i'm not sure if it got us any better service though. The Riu right next door, there buffet was also good, most of it was probably the same food but the crust on there pizzza was always softer must have been the cook.We did 2 excursions Shopping $25 per person $42 w/ lunch at Hard Rock Cafe. It was nice but the shops they take you to do not give you any deals. They take you to this outlet mall type deal that is suppose to be there flea market, they don't bargain much at all. your only there for an hour which is time for about 5 stores out of the 25 there. Then you go to the mall. It will be very nice someday, as of now there are about 15 stores in it. They do allow bargaining there to it really wasn't anymore expensive then the flea market. Next you go to the Liquior factory, neat to see, very hot. You get to see the guys there working on painting the bottles so that us travelers can take as many home as we want since they are considered souviniers after they are painted. They will even write names and messages on the bottles for you . After that you go the the cigar factory. Pretty neat if you care about cigars.If you want to shop save your money you spend on this trip and walk out to the beach turn right and walk 20 minutes to the huts along the beach. About half way there, just past 3rd Riu there is Carribean st. they have some shops there if you don' t feel like walking any farther, but the hut's are the best place to go if you want to bargain. All the shops have the same stuff everywhere. The painted canvas pictures we though we got a good deal on, about 20*24 turns out there not such a good deal. We paid $26 for a big and 2 smaller ones but when i went to frame them just the big one alone is $45 for a custom size frame and then another $16 to strech it. So the other one we bought to be a $20 gift just turned into $80.We also did the marinaina trip $70 per person to swim with reef sharks and sting rays. This was a fun day. Kind of sad driving through town, but trip was very fun. We took the boat to where you go snorkeling and did that for about an hour then we rode to this place where they called it the wading pool i think. It was just the ocean in a part where there was no waves and the water was totally clear. They give you sandwiches and drinks and you dance and have a good time on the way back. Mr. Sharkey was are guide he was wonderful.The other thing I did was get a message on the beach, it was the best message ever. I would recommend going to the shop on Carribean St. though only because they try to get the sand off of you at the beach but it is very hard so it's kind of gritty. The shop is i think $10 more if that matters. I only chose the beach for the convience. Over all this was a fantasic trip, Riu Palace Punta Cana is the nicest hotel i've ever stayed in, beds were a little hard, and the hotel is so big it take a while to get around, but i'm sure things will only get better. I hope i covered everything, would be glad to help more though.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MikeLentini
<Content>Read this before you book if you are from the U.S.       Riu Palace Punta Cana  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	4	3	1	

<Author>puggy2java
<Content>Great Great Great Hotel We just returned from a great vacation at the Riu Palace in Punta Cana. We stayed 5 days 4 nights. The hotel itself is beautifulalong with the beach. We had great weather. The staff and food was excellent. I would recommend this hotel for everyone. No complaints here. The staff works very hard in pleasing you, so, please tip them.Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zaxxongalaxian
<Content>It really is a palace!       balcony view  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tkoah
<Content>Great Honeymoon I can not beleive that it is my turn to write a review on the Riu Palace Punta Cana! My new wife and I have been looking at reviews for months since we decided to go there and now we are back. Well, let me give you a little background. My wife has been to Cancun at an all -inclusive, but I have never been to one before or never been to the Carribean at all. So take this for what its worth.The Hotel: The hotel is really a palace. We were blown away by the building and the grounds. It is really amazing. It is the best out of the Riu's in Punta Cana. We had a junior suite like most and we liked it a lot. The only problem was the toilet made a noise after you flushed it. We just made a joke out of it and it did not bother us. We did not really notice the smell everyone talked about. We brought a candle, but we did not need it. The bed was very hard, but we did get the king size bed. Some say they got two twins pushed together. We liked the the towel swan or snake. What ever it was. The Food: The food was okay. The buffet was the best bet. My wife is very picky and ended up eating french fries and pizza everyday. I liked it a little more than that and tried some other things. It is a good mix between American and European tastes but a lot of it was bland. I did end up with a little stomach thing. It was not enough from keeping me from going back. The restaurants are not worth going to. Just go to the buffet. The food is about the same, but you have more choices. We went to sir oscars and it was okay, but nothing special. Other couples tried the others and said not to bother with them.The Staff: They are great. They try their hardest to communicate with you. We found a lot that spoke english. Most of them speak many different languages. They are very professional and always smiling. We took money to tip, but no one else did. We tipped for the normal things like carrying bags, but at the pool bar its hard to carry money and no one did. We tipped the maid everyday and we tipped some times at dinner. Night life: There is not much of a night life there. Which was okay by us. We went to bed by 11:00 pm almost everynight. We went to the casino and lets just say that its not vegas. We heard a couple got taken for $2400 and had trouble paying by credit card. We won a little money, but not much. The night club is full of employees of Riu and not many guest. We were only there for an hour. We went with some other couples one night. The shows are well put together but not really our thing. So we did not watch them a lot. The palace was full of older couples so we went to the Bambu next door and hung out there. It had a younger crowd. The beach and pools: The beach is the best ever. This is why we came here. You can not beat it. We would either got to breakfast in the morning and go straight to the beach after ward or skip breakfast sleep a little and be at the beach by 10:00 am. The water is warm and blue. The beach is topless.So do not be surprised to see topless women. There are plenty of chairs and in the shade as well. We never had a problem getting one at the beach or the pool. The pool has 4 jacuzzis and a swim up bar. The pool was nice but go to the beach. The staff was always trying to do stuff to get the guest involved like water aerobics. My only complaint would be to have a bathroom closer to the beach. You had to go to the steakhouse everytime. It is not that far but if you are wet and sandy it can take sometime. You can not swim after 7:00pm and the beach is pitch black at night. So you can not even go there after dark. The Activities: We did the paddle boats. It was free and fun. We went out to the ship wreck and took some good pictures of it. We did nothing else. All the activities are all over priced and they did not get good reviews from other guest. We did not want to put on a schedule for our honeymoon. We just wanted to relax. So, this was a great honeymoon. You can either get involved with activities and talk to other couples or do what we did and be by ourselves. If you want to spend time with your new wife or husband and sip drinks and hang out together this is the place to be!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ksp1226
<Content>Beautiful hotel, but.... We recently travelled to the Riu Palace Punta Cana. It was the first trip to the D.R. and to the Riu Palace. I had read some of the reviews and had mixed feelings about the hotel.First, I want to say that the hotel is magnificent. Upon entering the Riu complex, the Palace looms before you, a huge white palace. The lobby is enormous! Plenty of seating, grand Grecian statues,crystal chandeliers and stained glass every where.We were greeted and directed to check in,given a cool drink. Check in was quick and very efficient. I would have liked to have more information about the resort and the activities and ameneties, but all we were given was amap of the properties and what restraunts needed reservations. We were shown the general direction of our room and off we went in search of our room. We could have waited for a bellman, but were in a hurry to find our room and change into bathing suits and then grab lunch.Room- Our room was a junior suite in the building closest to the beach facing the gardens to the side of the property. From our balcony we could see the Caribbean Sea. It is very true what the other reviews have said about the musty odor in the room. I was prepared with Febreeze,candles and rooms spray. Unfortunately, all these did was mask the odor. But we adjusted and by the end of our stay it didnt bother us at all. The bad thing is that all our clothes,handbags and luggage retained the musty odor. I had to wash all the clothes 2 times and leave my suitcase outside to air out on our return. The mini bar was filled with beer, water, and soft drinks and repenished daily. Don't drink the water from the sink..that is what the gallon of fresh water is for in the mini bar!! The bathroom ameneties were minimal but adequate.Tub was hydromassage.Towels were sparkling white,soft and huge. The beds were firm, not rock hard and I must say that I slept great ! Public areas- There is a very nice lobby bar,a sports bar, open courtyard,small round pool and the larger pool with a swim up bar.Spa and small shopping area, kids club.The Sports bar has large screen TV's, pool table,slot machines and the 24 hour food service( self cook hotdogs,nachos and sandwiches)Lobby Bar- Closes at about 11pm or so..bit has plenty of seating and good,friendly service.Theatre-Off the Courtyard . We only saw one show and it was so pitiful that we decided that we would not go to any more shows.There really isnt much of a nightlife at this hotel.Restaurants -There are 6 restaurants.Reservations are needed at 5 of them. The reservation line starts at about 845am and the doors open at 9:00am..There are 2 seatings 630pm and 930pm. Since most of the guests were European, the later seatings were taken quickly. If you like to eat early, take the 630pm seating. We found out that if you dont like what you ate at the specialty restaurant you can get something else at the main buffet!! Don Miguel. This is the main buffet restaurant open for 3 meals. Some nights are specialty nights ie: Mexican, etc. We ate there on the first night, since we were not able to make reservations at any other restaurant.Brazillian- Had the 930pm seating. Good thing we decided to check out the main buffet at about 6pm or else we would have gone hungry. The service was VERY slow and the meal was not at all good.Staekhouse-Late seating again....I ordered a seafood kabobb that sounded very good on the menu and we also ordered the Sirloin steak. Both meals were tastless and both were left on the plate. Italian-Early seating. I would say that this was our best meal. The Italian had a salad bar and a pasta bar and soup. The food on the pasta bar was filling enough...just in case!! We ordered fish and the Pasta with Caribbean Seafood....Pasta was wonderful...Fish..NOT...We did not get a chance to eat at the Gourmet or the Japanese.My comment is that if you are open minded to new food items or familiar food items prepared in a different way,, the food was not that bad. But the food was not 5 star dining by any means. Stick with the buffet.Breakfast- The omlets were wonderful,fruit fresh and plentiful,breads,muffins,croisannts..mmmmm good. Make sure you get the waiter to fill your coffee cup to the top...they had a habit of only filling it half way!!Spa-Average..overpriced. Treatment rooms were nothing spectacular. Althoug the Jacuzzi in the spa was a nice quiet retreat, the water was cold!!Beach-Soft white sand,aqua water.Water was shallow enough to walk out or swim out quite far. Topless permitted here,so if that bothers you, go elsewhere.Beach service for drinks and the animation team will come down to the beach to get you to try the activities.In closing, the Riu Palace is not for young singles. It is geared towards couples and families who want the pool the beach and a quite relaxing vacation. If you are a gourmet,go else where.But if you want a beautiful, clean friendly resort in a wonderful growing country ,go to the Riu Palace.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gazzerEngland
<Content>excelente       happy staff  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>surreymaria
<Content>Rui Palace great holiday Clive and Maria 42, 44. England.Having read all the bad reviews I was a little worried going to this hotel as we have stayed in quite a few hotels in the caribbean and have not really had a bad experience.Well this is the best hotel that we have stayed in in the dom rep and we have stayed in a few this is our second visit to the dom re this year! The rooms were a little musty but we didnt really notice that untill we opened our cases when we got home, it didnt bother us when we were there at all. The people there are great very happy and eager to help we got a free upgrade to the courtyard view which was great and worth asking for as you can relax on you balcony and watch the world go by in the evening. The beach is lovely 24 miles of white puffy sand and bright blue sea and very safe to walk as far as the eye can see either way. ther is pleny of shade on the beach and you can always find somewhere to sit.Rui palace guests have use if all the other Rui hotels which is great . There is a shopping area in the complex so again very safe, there is also a disco in this area which we didnt try so I cant comment. I forgot to mention there are many places to eat in the Rui palace and you are not limited to one visit per week you can go to each place as many times as you like you need to que in the morning to book these but the ques are not long and if you cant be bothered there is always the buffet which you dont have to que for and serves cvery good food.The Rui Palace is a lovely place to go if you want a peaceful holiday not the place to go if you want to party hard, the only negative I can find to say about the resort is the evening entertainment is a little weak but it didnt spoil our holiday, have a great time we both did.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>maxwellsmumNorfolk
<Content>1st Wedding Anniversarie Just returned from 2 fantastic weeks at the Riu Palace Punta cana. What a great place. Service was second to none. Food was amazing. Beach Beautiful. Every where was spotless and The Management and staff could not do enough to make your stay memorable.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristenhayslip
<Content>Wonderful Overall! My husband and I booked our trip with our friends through Funjet and a travel agent, which made everything more seamless as we had to change both our hotel and our airline during our planning. The travel/customs process was seamless. We got our rooms immediately upon checking in. We found most things to be very comparable to our previous experience at the Iberostar Cozumel.Overall, the trip was fabulous. The beach is the most beautiful beach I've ever seen. We spent more time at the pool than the beach though, and we loved it too! The lounge chairs in the pool and the pool bar made it extra relaxing. We always went to the pool after breakfast and were able to pick our chairs each day. It wasn't crowded at all even during the heat of the day. It did rain during a lot of our trip, but we didn't ever notice the pool being too warm! In fact, it was freezing a lot of the time!The animation staff worked hard to entertain everyone. It got a little annoying sometimes but mostly it was fun to watch everyone else participate. Santana at the front desk, and Ezekiel at the pool bar were our favorite employees, they went out of their way to make sure we were happy, and always remembered us!We walked down to the flea market (which seemed an eternity away, by the way) and were unimpressed with the selection and prices. You'll get a lot of people harassing you to come to their shop, and we had one guy tell us to leave his shop because we wouldn't pay $50 per piece of jewelry. We went looking for t-shirts and jewelry mostly, but found that the selection at the shops at the hotel shops and at the Caribbean street were much better and lower priced. Do visit the Caribbean street, there are some really great shops, some souvenier shops, t-shirt shops, boutique type clothes at great prices (Alta Mar), and some liquor/cigar shops too. We went Thursday night for the Dominican dancing night, and enjoyed the shopping more than the show! Speaking of that... go to the Michael Jackson show Friday night at the hotel. It was great! We found the food to be tolerable but not enjoyable. We each found our favorite things, but by the end of the trip, we'd all gotten sick at least once. Some of us got sick briefly and got over it, others of us had stomach aches throughout the trip. I found that it was the fresh fruits and salad that made me sick. It was hard because the only other foods that I liked were greasy foods - pizza, fries, nachos, etc... but I'm sort of picky because I don't like any seafood. Once I started sticking to only foods that were completely cooked, I got better. I also took some leftover antibiotics with us that may have made us feel better. Most of the foods seemed to be geared towards European tastes - a lot of deli meats, cheeses and salads. We found the Brazilian food okay but not great, we really enjoyed the steak house and went there twice. The steaks were actually great and the grilled veggies phenomenal. Those were the only a la carte restaurants we tried. FYI - you can check out the menu outside each restaurant to decide if you want to try it or not. Making reservations took a couple of seconds each morning, and I don't understand why people complained - it was super quick and easy! One of our favorites was the chicken club sandwich from room service! We never used the food available in the sports bar.The rooms were fabulous and spacious. There was plenty closet and drawer space to compltely unpack. We had great rooms looking out over the fountains in the courtyard with a good-sized balcony where we all played dominoes during rain storms. The rooms did maintain a musty smell, but it was only noticeable when you first walk in, then you get used to it. We did bring candles and room spray that made it much better. My biggest complaint about the room was that by the end of the week, all but one of our six pillows had gotten a strong mildew smell. Also, make sure your balcony door is shut completely and it matches up with the sensor on the top right. Our a/c didn't work for a couple of days because our door was a little off -- but it wasn't a problem, we didn't even realize it was hot until it started working and got so much cooler! The mini bar was always well-stocked. We were so excited about the liquor dispenser, yet we never once used it! We weren't in our rooms enough! Oh, and make sure you hang any damp clothes or swimsuits out on the rack on the balcony... otherwise they will get a really bad mildew smell too. The second night we tipped the maid $5 and asked (in spanish) for extra pillows and towels, and she didn't bring them. That was disappointing.Some random things to keep in mind: -There were a lot of topless women around the beach and pool, so be prepared for that. -Take your own shampoo and soap - they have one all purpose that wasn't any good!-Don't bother bringing beach towels, they wasted space in our luggage -- the hotel gives you a card where you can keep trading in for new towels if you need them near the pool.-Bring lots of $1s for tips... they came in handy! We used about $50 in ones just for tipping. -Learn a little bit of spanish, it will come in handy! Some of the staff could speak not only english, but about 5 other languages... others could speak very little, but I spoke spanish to them as much as i could.-Drinks to try: Coca Rosa, Miami Vice, and Dirty Monkey. The Dirty Monkey is my absolute favorite... chocolate and banana! We wanted to snorkel, but were told by the staff that the area is boring for snorkeling. We watched one guy struggle just to fight the strong currents and decided not to even try. So be prepared to go on an excursion and pay about $80 per person if you want to do any snorkeling. The Punta Cana airport was nice and breezy, and suprisingly modern. There is a Wendy's and pizza place - we were worried about not being able to eat lunch at the airport but there was plenty to choose from. Despite getting sick, the rainy weather, and my husband losing his wedding ring in the ocean.... we had an absolutely wonderful vacation. We didn't do any excursions or anything, just relaxed by the beach and pool - and found that to be the perfect vacation! I would recommend the hotel overall, If I ever go back to the Dominican, I'd definitely stay at the Riu Palace again, however, we're more likely to try a Riu resort in a different spot - just to keep seeing new places!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ga2elle
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel - Incredible Service! After months of research, we originally booked the Riu Bambu but they were oversold, so they sent us to the Punta Cana Palace. The hotel is easily the most beautiful we had ever seen. Everything is sparkling clean and perfect - all the time. The food was amazing, the service exemplary and despite what some of the other reviews said, we had no problems with the beds, and our room wasn't the least bit smelly. We had a gorgeous courtyard view room, which allowed us to enjoy the fountains during the day and the music and shows at night. The bathroom was roomy with a lovely tiled shower and jacuzzi tub. We ate at all of the specialty restaurants but thought Luigi's and Sir Oscar's were the best. We spent a great deal of time at the Riu Bambu pool, because it's shadier and the pool bar is much bigger. The people staying there were also a lot more fun! The atmosphere at this hotel is 1920's glamour and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. The Grecian spa was also one of our favorite hangouts and the beach was gorgeous - plenty of palm trees for shade, no problems finding chairs and they brought drinks out to us frequently. A dollar tip every few drinks at the pool bars will get you top shelf liquor and even more outstanding service. Lastly, I was celebrating my 35th birthday and when my fiance notified the hotel staff, they decorated the room with pink and white baloons, flowers, towel sculptures and left a bottle of whiskey and a beautiful shell necklace as a gift. All complimentary. Overall, a FANTASTIC TRIP! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DMMatthews
<Content>Best vacation ever!!!! My fiance and I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from August 31-Sept 7, 2007. We researched our vacation for months before choosing this resort. We read hundreds of reviews on trip advisor and other sites. All we have to say is the Riu Palace Punta Cana lives up to its 5 1/2 star review! Check InWe arrived in the early evening. We did not wait at the airport to take the shuttle that our tour operator provided because we had heard it was faster to take a taxi. We took a taxi from the airport for 30$ US and arrived at the hotel about an hour and a half before everyone else. We were greeted by the very friendly staff at the front desk, recieved a welcome cocktail and were taken to our room immediately. Ray was extremely helpful at the front desk and we received an upgrade to one of the 24 corner suites on our second day there. The roomOur first room was great. The air conditioning was nice and cold, the room very clean. The smell that we had read so much about was hardly as bad as everyone makes it out to seem....hey you are in the tropics and guess what it is humid and damp. It is an open air hotel so the corridors have beautiful gardens with palm trees and flowers, I would rather deal with a little bit of a smell and see nice foilage when I leave my room than concrete walls. We lit an air freshener and the smell was gone. The beds are a little firm but we found that that worked well for our backs. We tipped our cleaning lady Rosa 5 dollars a day and brought colouring books, markers etc for her kids. A little money goes a long way. Our mini bar was over stocked for us every day. Room service was fast and the food was decent for a late night snack. Yummy chicken club! The second room we had was amazing. If you can work out an upgrade I highly suggest it.The staffWe really don't know what people were referring to when they said the staff was unfriendly. We had the most amazing service. Elvin in the buffet actually would come over and feel my fiance's beer for temperature even if it was half full and the beer was not ice cold her would take it away and bring him a new one. Melo and Cesarin down at the pool bar were incredible. We tipped every day and we were treated like kings. We were actually disgusted at how many people did not even leave so much as a dollar for these guys. The are working in 40 degree heat in long pants running their butts off to provide the best service with a smile and people were lined up barking orders at them and then jjust walking away without so much as a gracias. Yes it is true many of the staff are not fluent in English but guess what.....you are not in Canada or the United States....you are visiting the Dominican. I can't believe how many people think that they should travel to a foreign country and have everyone speak English...helllllllloooo!!! The foodThe food was fine. We did not get sick, we enjoyed the two buffets. We did try some of the a la cartes but found that they were not as good as the buffets. The drinksThey do have top shelf liquor...you just have to ask for it. They may not have all of the brands but they certainly do have some. We noticed that because we tipped we never had to ask for the better alcohol. The BeachThere is nothing to say but amazing! The water was incredible the palm trees provided a nice amount of shade and there was drink service down to the beach as well.The SpaIf you get a chance go to the spa and sit in the cool jacuzzi....not many people know about it. It is free of charge and very refreshing. We had two side by side massages on the beach and they were great. If you don't want to get complelely nude then just wear a two peice bathing suit or tell them that you want to keep your bottoms on.Night LifeThings shut down around 1100 pm after the nightly shows. You could still sit in the courtyard and have drinks etc but it was very quiet. If you are looking for a fast paced night life you may want to choose a different resort. They did have some nice shows and one night they had Karoke which was nice until this woman got up and asked to sing without the music and what did she sing...yes the American National Anthem....one person stood. I am all for patriatism but when you are in another country surrounded by tourists from all over the world what makes anyone think it is appropriate to stand up and sing their national anthem. Oh well....we had a good laugh over it.We are already planning on going back next year. We met people at the pool who had been next door at the Bahia 5 years in a row and went to the Riu as a gift and said they would never go back to Bahia.....so take that for what it is worth.If you are going to the Riu just relax, enjoy and get pampered.Dawn-Marie Matthewsdawn_marie_76@yahoo.com  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>riu_review
<Content>Great vacation but be careful if getting married Our vacation overall was excellent, the people were so friendly, the food was good, the beds are hard and the rooms are smelly but overall I would recommend it as a travel destination. However, I was married there and although the wedding was wonderful and easy to plan, it has been 5 months and I have yet to receive a marriage certificate. This is a big concern for those of you planning a destination wedding to the Dominican Republic. I wish I had known prior to the wedding. I did everything that I was suppose to do, I had our documents translated, they were emailed to the wedding coordinator 2 weeks prior to our departure for Punta Cana, I was assured everything was in order. Since the wedding I have been given the run around and I can't count the times I have heard everything is very slow in the Dominican. It is unfortunate that our wonderful time there will be tainted by the sick feeling that we were not dealt with honestly.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>karenandbecs
<Content>Excellent holiday Have just returned from excellent 2 weeks at Riu Palace Punta Cana.Was a little apprehensive after reading reviews but can honestly say we had no complaints.Our rooms were on 3rd floor overlooking pools and Plaza area, no musty smell and spotlessly clean. We found all the staff pleasant and had no problem communicating from reception staff to cleaners, their English is far better than our Spanish! The food was fine always something we liked. We loved the Gourmet and Japenese A La Cartes went for 9pm sitting and never felt rushed as other reviewers had mentioned. What we did appreciate was the airconditioning in all but the open air steakhouse.Enjoyed all drinks and impressed with variety and named brands as apart from other Rius (Mexico, Spain)we have visited any other all inclusives we have been to have had only local brands. Beach fabulous , had an hours walk most days then lazing under palm trees with nice breeze and waiter service.Always plenty of sunbeds and we didn't go down till 11ish. We didnt use main pool area as was too hot and noisy for us but that is personal choice as other guests were having a great time with all activities on offer.Ended most afternoons in the complimentary Spa was usually only us 4 in there(around 5pm) a very relaxing way to end the day. We did visit other Rius in the evening for change of scene and had a good time at the Casino at Riu Macao but enjoyed having waiter service at Plaza and Lobby bars in Riu Palace. Would definately go again .  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spinner235
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I just returned from a week at the Riu Palace. I was very concerned because of the some of the reviews were so so. We had a great time. The rooms are musty and the candle did come in handy. The food is good -- not excellent. Plus side to that is I didn't over eat. The service was great. The hotel is very clean and just amazing.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>luv2bhappy
<Content>Awesome! We Had A Great Time! I wanted to write a review as I read the reviews weekly for months before we left for Punta Cana. I did not know what to expect as some were good and some not. Well... I am here to tell you that the Riu Palace Punta Cana was a WONDERFUL place to stay. The beach is the most gorgeous beach we have ever seen. (we have been to Cancun, Puerto Vallarta and Florida beaches) The hotel itself is beautiful inside and out. The staff does a very good job of keeping the place spotless! (There is a strong musty smell and I strongly advise that you bring a plug in or candle) The staff there were such nice people and work very hard to please! They make very little money so it is nice to tip. We tipped our maid at least $1 a day and more if she brought us extras at night. Everyone there will try to make your stay nice for you. I agree with some who have said it is a little quiet at the Palace at night, but we enjoyed a fun night at the Sports Bar and if you go in there tell Carlos hi! Some of the younger people at the hotel went to the other Riu resorts at night. Oh, make sure you bring long pants for the guys, and nice clothing for dinner. It is a nice atmosphere!We went on the Bavarro Mountain Safari trip. It was humbling to see how the townspeople live. Yet, they are HAPPY! There is something to be said about that. We took school supplies and toys for the kids and handed them out while on the safari trip. The children loved it. It did cost $80 to go on the trip, but I felt we needed to see how the people in Punta Cana really live. We videotaped as much of our stay as possible, and have already watched it. We loved Punta Cana, and the Riu Palace, and plan to go back as soon as we can! Have fun!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>humfreyWirral
<Content>A brilliant holiday!! This place is absolutely amazing- a beautiful hotel, lovely staff, fabulous food, gorgeous weather, paradise beaches- what more do you want?The hotel itself is so impressive, beautifully designed, huge and so immaculate. The rooms were lovely, loads of room, huge bed, roomy bathroom with double sinks, private terrace and let's not forget the minibar with optics in the room! The maid comes in about 3 times a day to give you new towels, turn down your bed and stuff.The staff are so lovely and happy all the time. The food in the buffet restaurant is gorgeous. Breakfast is never ending, lunch is the same (you can also have lunch in a more infomal beach type restaurant if you want for a change) and dinner is lovely. For dinner men have to wear long trousers though so make sure you pack some!We weren't over-impressed with the a-la-carte restaurants though. The brazilian one was ok, and the steak house quite nice, but the japanese, italian and gourmet were a bit of a waste of time- and they really rush you aswell. Your best bet is the buffet restaurant. There is such a variety that you won't get fed up.As our stay went on the hotel did get busier- because all the americans were sent over to avioud the hurricane hitting Mexico. As the hotel got busier the service slipped a little- but it just slipped from fabulous to good, so i'm not really complaining.The pool was very nice, but very warm, so to cool down you need the beach and the sea. You will always get a spot at either. The sea is quite wavy and great fun. Have a catamaran lesson and take one of those out. The gym is nice and there is a lovely indoor spa which we didn't use once but it looked lovely. I had a massage in a hut on the beach which was very relaxing.I am not the easiest person to please, and i've stayed in some nice hotels, and this was up there with the best ones. Everything was spot on. Especially as the place was so huge and there were so many guests. Attention to detail never really faltered.We keep looking at our photos and wishing we were back there. You will have an amazing holiday. One day we will go back again, but we will probably try other Riu Palaces first- if they are anything like this- they really are top class.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtate622
<Content>Enjoyed the Riu Palace Punta Cana Except for a few things I read many of the reviews for this hotel so the bad things that I encountered I was already forewarned to expect. First, I think the hotel is beautiful. I saw many hotels on the island and this is by far the most beautiful. It is very recent, only a year old and everything looks very new. Secondly, I enjoyed the food. I am a very picky person but I still found many dishes that I loved and I really enjoyed the buffet. Thirdly, the staff was very nice, however they are not as accommodating as what you would expect in America. For example. I realized that my alarm did not work at around 3am and I called the front desk and no one answered. So that meant no wake-up calls or other amenities that come with having a very helpful concierge. I thought the rooms were very clean and the staff did a great job of cleaning the rooms. I am very picky about bathrooms and this was one of the best. I found that our room and bathroom were great and I did not worry about cleanliness at all. However, that brings me to the smell. I dont care what anyone says, it is not something you get used to. Even now I just laundered my clothes and I still smell it. Bringing a glade plug-in did not work but maybe someone can recommend something stronger. In addition, the beds were very hard and I had trouble sleeping on them at times because they were very uncomfortable and I found that the mildew smell permeated the sheets. No one really knows why the rooms smell especially since the hotel is only a year old. All-in-all I enjoyed the experience at the Riu immensely. The waiters were very nice and even though the language barriers were sometimes a problem they were still very helpful. They made sure that someone was on hand at all times to translate if necessary. If you go to this resort look for Jairo at the pool. He was a great waiter and he remembers you and you cant help but appreciate him. I think the hotel is great except for the few quirks I mentioned and the beach is beautiful. Out of all the RIu's in Punta Cana, the Riu Palace Punta Cana is by far the best. They have 6 restaurants that feature Japanese cuisine, Gourmet, Italian, etc. So whatever your poison, you will have many options.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>City_Sites_Seeker
<Content>A Palace Indeed! This was our fifth time visiting the Dominican Republic. The first time was at Iberostar (which was just okay) and the next three times we stayed at Bahia Principe. Unfortunately, after three years the quality of Bahia Principe went down. But Riu Palace gave us reason to hope again. It's a relatively new hotel. It is beautiful, clean and the people are very nice. And I find that the people want to learn English and enjoy speaking it with you. But try learning some Spanish too. After all, it is a foreign country. We always love the food and they have something for everyone. But you have to remember that these hotels cater to the European palate. So if you're one of those people who feast on greasy fast food all the time, then no you won't like the food at the Riu. Or, the food at any other hotel in DR for that matter. Yes, the room and the bed sheets do have a musty smell. But you figure that when you're in such a beautiful place as Punta Cana, you won't be spending too much time in the rooms anyway. The Riu Palace also seems to be by far the best hotel out of all of the Riu hotels in Punta Cana. The pools are wonderful, the views breathtaking and the drinks are on point. My only complaint (which is no fault to the hotel) is that on the beach there are people that will try and convince you to come to their hotel and sign up for a vacation club. But don't be fooled, a vacation club is just a new version of the time share. But, I would never let this stop me from visiting the Riu Palace again. I'm looking forward to my next trip there!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ENGLAND210707
<Content>BRILLIANT. visited Riu Palace Punta Cana for our honeymoon 21st july until 7th August. must say we were a bit concerned about going after reading sme of the reviews. and i have just read some of the reviews before leaving this one and cant believe what rubbish some people can say, all i can say is that some people are very hard to please ( i am hard to please and couldnt fault it ).let me put you in the picture a bit more, i am 25 and my husband is 34. we took with us our 4year old and her grandparents. and have all had a great time, there is something for everybody.i am on a diet now i have gained a few pounds, yes some days the food is a bit repetative but still good food and plenty of it. the food that you found to be repetative was at lunch time, chips, hot dogs pizza., but kids love these kinds of things, they also had lots of other choice for lunch meat, pasta, piella cooked fresh in front of you.. something for everybody, you cannot say there is nothing you dont like. their is 24 hour food at the sports bar, yes i agree with some of the reviews its not fantastic, but at the end of the day if you are peckish late at night or during the night then majority of people would be happy grabbing a hot dog, nachos, fruit, or a sandwich, their is a fridge with chilled food in that is replaced every day. this is a 5* hotel they are not going to leave stale food in their as somebodys review mentioned they were worried about, the staff work long hours making us holiday makers happy, and the maids have a cloth always in their hand, everywhere is spotless.the hotel staff did understand engligh, not fantastically, but could understand what needed to be understood, no foreighn country speaks fluent english but they understand the basics,bar staff undersood what drinks you would like, and they are definateely NOT watered down, my parent staggered out of the pool many a time gone 7pm after enjoying the happy hour.rooms do have a slight stale smell, but ive never been to a hotel anywhere when on holidays that smell perfect, i think people can be a bit fussy about this kind of thing, what do they expect in such a humid country the rooms to be scented by rose de parfum'. yes matress firm, but again if they were soft somebody would say they were to soft, rooms kept very tidy and the air con fantastic not a cheap skate hotel that turn the air con off during the day, everyday we returned back to the room after a hot day sunbathing and the room had been made and room was very chilled, great when been sunbathing. TV in room great good choice of english channels and kids channel. News  films channels. i recommend going to the beach during the day as always a good breeze so you dont feel like your burning, but be careful and slap on the cream as dont let the breeze fool you. round the pool too hot to sunbath. the main pool feels like it is heated like getting in a warm bath, the infinity pool ( the little round one ) is much cooler. i would sit on the balcony some morning early and watch the pool guys do a very thorough job of cleaning the pools and chairs, and the gardeners in the mid day heat gardening dripping sweat making the gardens immaculate, and all the borders kept tidy by machette knifes done by hand, no flymo strimmers over there, dont know how they have all their fingers in place.i agree with the reviews that at night it is a bit quiet, this is not the hotel you want if you want headbanging boom boom!! evening entertainment started at 10pm, a bit to late when you have young children. The hotel reception lovely to sit in and watch the world go by and very cool due to the air con, very attractive reception, large chandaleers, and marble floors. take your suncreams with you as very expensive their i ran out and bought 2 bottle of Banana boat suncream, very good but about $25 dollars per bottle, and i bought some cashew nuts from the hotel shops and couldnt believe they were $12 dollars. only cost $4 dollars back home in England. but still cant complaint this is expected when on holiday.we tipped the staff well they deserved it, they are their at 7am when you go for breakfast and stilll there at 10pm at night. you tip a little and they keep your drinks topped up and make sure youre looked after, you will tend to find that you tip one and they will look for you to seat you at yout table the next day. breakfast dinner and tea all fantastic choices of food, fresh fruit morning noon and night, and plenty of naughty cakes for your sweet tooth.if to tired to go for your evening meal there is no problem with going filling your plate in the resteraunt and taking back to your room, we did this a couple of times. when on the beach the gardeners walk round after they have finished their jobs and they sell you a coconut for $2 dollars, they use a machette knife to chop all the brown off until you get down to the pure white coconut, its the best i have ever tasted, you must try it. the bar staff walk round the beach with trays of drinks, they walk round calling out DRINKY DRINKY and if you want one just flag them over and take what you like, you dont even need to leave your seat which is great. its fun watching the watersports in the sea, just be careful if snorkelling as the water sport boats come quite close into the beach.the fridge in the room kept well stocked with pepsi, fanta, sprite water, one day the guy knocked on the door to say he was wanting to fill our fridge and we asked could we have just sprite not pepsi and it was no problem.so if you prefer somethings more than others just tell them and you can have what you want. if you dont ask you dont get..we had a really great time, and i cant believe the reviews where people say it was horrible, believe me its not horrible its paradise, you could film the bounty advert there, it realy is white powder sand and turquoise sea. seemed very popular with weddings i watched 5 at out hotel during my 2 week stay. if you want a lovely resort, with friendly people and a relaxing atmosphere then you will love it.it you want a bit of the rough, headbanging music and all night clubs then this is not the placce for you. this hotel is all mixtures of ages and mainly american tourists. the weather is very hot all the time, we took plenty of mosquito spray, didnt see any and didnt get a single bite.no problems with upset stomachs etc. the ice is bottled water and safe.i hope i have covered everything you need to know, it really is great here, yes quiet ,thats why we chose it for our honeymoon. i am sure you will enjoy your holiday here, anybody who says they didnt well, i dont know what they would find impressive.thanks for reading and i hope anybody with doubts can now put their minds at rest, i was the same before i went, now im back and i can tell you that you will have a fab time here.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>abc34
<Content>We had a fabulous time. We have just returned from a fabulous 2 weeks in the RIU palace Punta Cana, it was simply breath taking. After reading the other reviews I must admit I felt a little worried having spent over 拢5,000 pounds on a 2 week holiday for my husband and I and my 15 year old daughter. This was the first time that we have visited the Dominican Republic and we were all amazed by its beauty.We were on a Thomson package holiday (paying the extra money for the upgraded seat on the plane is well worth while) and arrived at the hotel at just after 3:00 pm local time by a taxi organised by Thomson, the sheer size and grandeur of it all took me a-back it was truly a palace. We were checked in smoothly with a cocktail and had everything explained to us is perfect English. We arrived at our room and I was bracing myself for the smell that almost all other reviews have described but it never came. There was however a mix up with the room, we had paid for a sea view yet couldn't see the sea. We rang reception and they were only too happy to move us to the room we had paid for, which happened to be a suit, it was beautiful, we were on the 3rd floor and the view was exceptional. My daughter had a single bed which I have to say was more comfortable than ours but it didn't spoilt anything. Maid service was excellent twice daily leaving sweets on our pillow when she came to turn the beds down.There were large range of food on offer in the main restaurant 'Don Manuals', you eat every day here for breakfast, where if you sit in roughly the same place everyday, the waiters get used to you, Daniel was our waiter, he was a lovely young man who could speak English well enough for his job, but like many others he was trying to further it by practising on us which was very sweet and in turn we pick up little bits as well. On the forth day, after we'd been asking for the same drinks every morning we seated us and the when off to get our drinks with out us even asking, my husband loved this and made sure he got a large tip. since we are from England and there was about a 5 hour time difference for us we had always had our breakfast by 9:00 am and were queuing for a table at one of the speciality restaurants to dine in that night, we always got our first choice, and although it was a pain to queue every morning it was well worth it. As the hotel is on a large plot of land it took a few minuets walk to get anywhere, but it didn't really bother us as it was just nice to enjoy a relaxing stroll. The pool was nicely designed with water sun beds and about 4 Jacuzzi鈥檚 and a swim up bar. The beach was gorgeous and as always it was nice to have waiters bring you drinks all the time. However the waiters did take a special shine to my daughter which of course she loved.My shampoo had leaked from its bottle when we arrived so I ventured to the spa to enquire about the hair dressers and she fitted me straight in. I think there is only one hairdresser and her name is Mary she was lovely and she made a good job of my hair.we went on 3 trips, I was quiet happy to stay in the hotel but went on the insistence of my husband and daughter, we went on the Saona island trip (the one we went on was organised by Thomson and we had the best guide ever, Clemente, we new everything there was to know and when it rained and I mean poured he kept the spirit of the group up and kept on making us laugh) The marinarium, was my daughters choice, ever the adventurous one she wanted to swim with sharks and sting rays, my husband joined her, it was a once in a lifetime experience, we were taken, by catamaran to a lagoon where the sharks were, I opted to stay on the boat when they were taken round a coral reef and then onto the sharks. On the boat I got chatting to a lovely lady and the crew asked us if we wanted to see the sharks by a small boat, we accepted and I couldn't believe how big they were. A truly unique experience. Our third trip was on the monster truck and what a waste of time and money that was. we were last on because I need to go to the toilet and was penalised as they made our family sit on the back row, we couldn't hear what the guide was saying due to the noise and where chocking on the fumes of the exhaust, we could barley breath, when we complained the guide said sharply, what do you want me to do about it, the truck is full. We were always the last ones off the truck and were always at the back once we caught up with the group as they had already been lead away by that useless and arrogant guide who was only interested in taking our money.For a teenager鈥檚 point of view, my daughter found plenty of things to keep her occupied such as the pedal lows, snorkelling and other activities. However there weren't that many other children there her age but the waiters were excellent substitutes and she had a fantastic time.Overall I think that this had to be one of the best holidays we've ever had and simply cannot understand how people say they had such bad experiences of the hotel; we were very impressed and have recommended it to all our family and friends.hope this was helpfulJudith, Edward and Lexi  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gcoraci
<Content>Beautiful Resort...but We just came home from a truly spectacular resort....the palace is amazing. The Dominican Republic is one of the poorest countries we have traveled to so keep that in mind when the waiter/waitresses are serving you! And the service is exemplary! They are so willing to please and serve you....The only issue we had was the food. Although the buffet has a wide variety, we were not sure of the meats...we thought it was GOAT. We finally got sick by the fifth day, but Immodium fixed our issues. My children primarily lived on french fries. Breakfast was fine...lunch limited and dinner also limited. The Japanese restaurant was horrific...we live in NY and are accostumed to fine dining...but this is all inclusive so keep that in mind.....Otherwise the beach and water was beyond our expectations...lots of European friends....great great vacation. We would definately stay at a RIU Palace...but not the DR...we heard from others who have stayed at other resorts in the DR...who had the same problem with the food....its CABO for us next year!! At a RIU Palace  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alwaysgreen1
<Content>Really Enjoyed the Riu Palace Just got back from the Riu Palace and had a wonderful time. I was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews but I have to say...If I looked for something to complain about - Yes I would have found it...the facts are: Room: Standard Jr. Suite - Courtyard view, was clean, maid service twice a day A.M. and P.M. turndown. We did not use the liquier dispencer but they did keep the fridge filled with beer and sodas (Pepsi's) the entire time...they guy came at least twice while we were there to refresh the mini bar. The room was a bit mildewy/smelly but we burned two Glad Candles (Apple Cinnimon) for the first few days and the fragrance from the candle really permiated the room...and eliminated the odor. The beds are hard but I prefer a firm mattress...I slept well everynight...but the booze, water and sun probably had a lot to do with that. LOL. Food: Not the best...I did not however go hungry. I found certain things that I liked and stuck to them...beans and rice, beans and rice...we ate the buffet 2xs, the Japanese once, the sushi was basic just rice varieties...I had the chicken skewers...can't go too wrong with chicken...the Brizillian was okay...if you like a lot of meet...the chicken and beef were particularly good but there were about 4 different meats. I could not wait to get back to the US for some basic comfort foods...I was never more excited to see a Wendys in the airport...LOL. We did eat off property one evening...Tony Roma's...that was a nice change. The Pool/Spa/Beach: Fun...water not cold but I dont like real cold the round infinity pool was cooler...but for real fun...go into the Spa, in the back to the Roman Baths - They are cold/cool and very refreshing after an afternoon in the sun at the pool bar / on the beach...I think the Spa/Roman baths are a hidden treasure because when my husband and I mentioned it, most people did not know anything about it...you have to go beyond the showers to discover it...Anyway...the beach was clean, plenty of lounge chairs with shade...we walked a bit but not far enough to reach the vendor huts set up that are to the far right of the resort. Resort shops were okay...we found plenty of items to take back home. We also rented a car for the day and traveled in town to where the locals live...the roads are dangerous...I dont think I'd recommend driving around too much but you just have to use a lot of causion...no stop signs...we did some shoping at a out doors marketplace which was just a lot of little huts with the locals selling their items...they were a bit more willing to bargin. Communication: Somewhat difficult because we only speak English...English was not very big there but we were able to get what ever it was that we needed or requested with a bit of animation and broken spanish words remembered from high school. (LOL).I am sure that there are so many wonderful resorts in Punta Cana...and more on the 5 star Level...This one is probably amoung the better resorts however, not 5 star...We have traveled to Jamaica at an all inclusive, Aruba - not all inclusive, and Bermuda - also not all inclusive...While all inclusive is more budget wise...I enjoyed the food more when I at where ever...at least I could have variety...and more specifically, just the foods that I like...and it's fun to explore resturants around town. This place was amoung the best...particularly the beach and pool. Wonderful atmosphere...the evening court yard was very relaxing after dinner each evening...I cannot imagine how anyone could not have a good time at the Riu Palace...  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>karenmwoods
<Content>ok but not spectacular It's taken me a while to finally sit down and write my review so here goes!My husband and I got married at the Riu Palace Punta Cana on July 19/07 and stayed there from Jul 14-28/07. Upon arrival we were really impressed--as the name suggests it's truly palatial looking! Rosemary was super nice at the front lobby but we arrived at 10:50 pm ( later than anticipated as the buses were full at the airport)......in any case we got checked in fairly quickly and had our bags delivered to our musty/rotten smelling room. We thought we would just put up with the room until the morning but then decided we may as well address the smell right then and also ask if we could get an upgraded room as we were getting married. We were told that an upgrade would be the Palace's gift to us but not until we were married! which was 5 days later.........we complained a bit by saying that we'll have to unpack our current room and then pack up again to move to another room halfway through our trip...finally we got our 'upgraded room'----if you want to call it that......the only differnce was that it had a king size bed instead of 2 single beds pushed together....oh and it didn't smell AS bad. As well, because the buffet closes at 10pm, we missed dinner because of the delays with the buses.......and then Rosemary told us that this is not a problem, the sportsbar is 24 hours and has food. ---this was a complete joke! the food consisted of hamburgers in buns in the fridge in containers, fruit in the fridge and hot dogs on one of those turny things (they looked greasy and who knows how long they were on there for). ....I just had a beer from our bar fridge in the room and called it a day. By the way there is room service too but it only goes until 11pm so we had missed that as well.The specialty restaurants aren't the greatest....the Steakhouse by the beach was the best in our opinion but we only got a chance to go to Sir Oscars, the Italian and the Steakhouse.......we didn't bother trying the Japanese as we were incessently warned by others that it wasn't good, especially if you're used to having the real  thing back home. The staff were pretty awesome.....they worked so hard and of course you should tip them!!! I know they don't make much money and they appreciate the tips so much:) A shout out to our waiter Robert at the Don Manuel buffet---which by the way has GREAT food...especially the breakfast...there is everything under the sun to choose from! Viomar took care of our wedding plans...we met with her 2 days after arriving and picked our flowers, the location, etc and the wedding went really well! except the nightlife at the Palace really sucks! ther'es no other way to put it.....somebody else's kids jumping around on stage and playing with the Animacion team is not my idea of entertainment......the dancers were ok the first night but that got old pretty fast. We ended up at the Riu Naiboa a few nights to visit friends staying there and played Bingo over there...it was fun! ! the guests were more fun and less stuffy and boring than at the palace. BUT in terms of beauty, the Palace can't be beat.Overall it was a good place to stay but 2 weeks was WAY too long....our friends also got married there 4 days after us but got married at the Riu Bambu next door and had their dinner at the Steakhouse in the Riu Taino....the food was WAY better there....which was disappointing for us considering we paid so much more to stay at the Palace.SO basically it was a nice place to look at .....pristinely clean, decent staff, but the food was the same as the other Riu's and I would be fair in saying it's not a 5 star in every aspect.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>NikkiDLite_7
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever This was my worst vacation ever. I have traveled to the caribbean many times and this was the worst. Furthermore, I have never written a review, good or bad; but after this experience, I felt compelled for the first time to do so. Here we go:FRONT DESK: some what friendly staff, but no one speaks english. At a 4/5 star hotel you would expect for the 鈥渒ey鈥?employees (front desk, bartenders, etc) who have the most contact with the guests should at least be bilingual. Even asking for basic things was very difficult. You either never received what you requested or it took at least 3 tries for them to understand that the telephone in your room isn't working. The key to the room and safe were 鈥渁ctual keys鈥? so you were forced to walk around the entire resort everyday with 2 keys and the key for the safe actually had a string attached as if you wanted to walk around with a key around your neck.RESORT: Lovely grounds and gorgeous building, but that鈥檚 it. It was difficult getting any assistance for BASIC things as NO ONE spoke even a little English.ROOM: DISGUSTING odor. I didn鈥檛 inhale and exhale deeply for 5 days. The mattresses were hard and the sheets felt like plastic. As soon as we stepped into our room, we discovered the terrace door was broken (wouldn鈥檛 open) and the toilet wouldn't flush. The terrace door was fixed immediately but it took 2 days for the toilet to be fixed properly. So for the first night, we had to flush the toilet by dumping water from the ice bucket down the bowl.FOOD: Disgusting. They had the same exact selections for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Most of the food was barely cooked and salty. I ended up eating french fries for breakfast, lunch and dinner. During breakfast, you were forced to eat on a dirty table cloth and share the coffee pot from the previous 10 guests who ate at the table before you.DRINKS: Not at all top shelf and the choices were limited. I was forced to drink extra sweet frozen drinks for 5 days. My experience was so bad I was hoping if I put myself in a drunken stupor I could escape the awful conditions I was in, but the drinks were so watered down (even with tipping as I did constantly hoping that would help) the Riu Palace couldn't even get that right.AMBIENCE/ATMOSPHERE: There were no atmosphere and ambience what so ever. The lobby area and bar areas didn't even play soft background music. If it wasn't for the spanish speaking staff and the beach, I wouldn't have known I was in the caribbean.ENTERTAINMENT/ACTIVITIES: There is absolutely NOTHING to do in the evenings. Each evening was some sort of horrible show. One night鈥檚 entertainment was karaoke. Because we were so bored and there was absolutely nothing else to do, we sat there for over and hour listening to the horrible karaoke sounds of our fellow guests. Another night was a cabaret show in which the entire show was the actual recording of the Broadway play 鈥淐hicago鈥? So the entertainers, by the way, who more than likely was the bartender and waitress who served you earlier in the day, were lip syncing, even the speaking parts were the recording. My 5 year old nephew鈥檚 school plays were more entertaining. It was so bad, we thought someone would come out at the end and say it was all a joke and here comes the real show. The day activities were no better. EVERYTHING was repetitive; the same activities each day. I don't have children, but i felt bad for the families with children because other than the pool and the one ping pong table, there was no day time activities for the kids.OVERALL: The worst vacation I have EVER been on. Definitely not 4 star. 3 star at best. These travel companies, example, Liberty Travel, really need to reevaluate their rating for this hotel because it is FAR from 4 star status for MANY reasons.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>lovlos
<Content>Fantastic Resort, Wonderful Vacation!!!       Walkway to other RIU's  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lougatzo
<Content>The Bad Far Outweighs the Good We arrived back just 2 days ago, so this is a very fresh review. Airport: The guys in the white shirts and handtrucks DO NOT WORK FOR THE AIRPORT. They forcefully want to take your bags to the transfer desks, about 20 feet, and want cash. Tell them No Gracias, perhaps a few times, and find it yourself. From the moment we got off the plane, everyone has their hand out. The silly tax' to get in is a joke. You hand the woman $10 per person and she gives you a card. You walk 10 feet and hand the card over to another person.Transfer Buses: Do yourself a favor and take a cab. These buses illustrate the efficiency and punctuality of the entire island. No one is in a hurry to work. We waited an hour for the bus to fill. The company we used Hotel Beds is horrible.The Ride: Very poor country. No lines on the streets means people use oncoming lanes to pass.The Property/Hotel: Very nice, very well maintained.The Pool: Way too small for the resort. The photos are deceiving. Most of what you see are 3 useless fountains. The pool is HOT. Not warm, but HOT. Barely 3 feet deep and useless.The Rooms: Yes, the all have a funk that will come home with you in your clothes. Nothing terrible. Bring an air freshener, ask to switch rooms if you like.The FOOD: Here is where I was upset. You have to wake up and get in line EVERY DAY at 8:15 am if you want to eat at the specialty restaurants. This is my vacation and having to set an alarm to get up and wait in line is unacceptable to me. Yo cannot book in advance. You must do this EVERY DAY. The food at the Specialty Restaurants is the SAME stuff you can get at the Buffet. There is no need to waste your time waiting in line.IF you are from a major city, with culture and diversity, you will fine the food to be just that, food. The stuff that is OK to Good, not great, not spectacular. Example, I am from Boston. If you are from New York, Chicago, LA, Philly, DC, etc. If you are from a place where you think good pasta is Egg Noodles with Ketchup, the you will love the food. The Buffet is great for breakfast only. For every other meal, it's just OK. The better Lunch buffet is at La Altagracia (AKA the Steakhouse).Men need long pants, but women can wear anything the want. Tank tops and shorts are fine for WOMEN, not men.Minibar is rooms have a gallon of fresh water each day to brush your teeth.SECURITY: Or lack there of. We had a security issue at 2:30 am. We called the front desk for several minutes for security, no one responded. We had to leave our room (unsafe) and go downstairs. When we confronted the assistant manager the next day, a young snooty frenchman, his excuse was that there is only one person on at night and he is in the back printing forms. GREAT, so if you need emergency help, make sure it is between 9-5. During our stay someone had a heart attack or stroke on the beach, he died. Not blaming anyone here, just FYI.The Beach: One of the best I've ever seen. Be advised, there is seaweed there, not much but some. The Sand is beautiful powder. The ocean is the only place you can cool off. Ther e is topless here, not much, less than 25%. No big deal. Plennty of shade under the palms and plenty of chairs, more than other properties. The same people who wake up to make reservations often reserve spots on the beach. Not a nice thing to do, but there is always a spot for either sun or shade.The DRINKS: On the beach and pool the are in small plastic thimbles and contain no alcohol unless you ask for it. A pina colada is just a slushy drink. You have to ask the to put rum in it. The drinks elsewhere are fine as long as you don't ming waiting a few minutes to get one.Everything on the resort is done to make you not take advantage of the all inclusive deal. Non-alcoholic drinks, slow service, dinner reservations every day. The specialty resyaurants are very small and fill up very fast, forcing you to the cheaper buffet. The dinner seating times at these restaurants are 6:30 and 9pm only. Since the majority of people eat between these times, they force you to the buffet. The bar in the lobby is super slow, one bartender, one waitress.Tips: They are greatly appreciated. Tip early in the week and try to get the same waiter every day. When you enter the buffet, depending on who you find, the will try to seat you in the section they want you to sit so they can get the tips. SIT WHERE YOU WANT. One day we were take all the way to the back and when we wanted to change, they made a face. YOU PAID FOR IT, sit where you want. The staff does work hard.The language: Most staff does try to understand English, but prefers spanish. You will find the occasional staffer that plays dumb when it is convenient for them.All in all, I would not go back. I have been to Aruba several times and this place just does not compare. Put it this way, if someone handed me a free trip to this place/island, I would pass. Research other islands.The airport has a straw roof. This is truly a third world country, do you really want to go there?  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>garsduc
<Content>Horrible I'll start off by saying that it has taken me this long to write this review because this place was so awful and I was so angry after going there. First of all, If you are planning on eating at one of the restaurants be prepared to get up VERY early to make your reservations and then pray that you are lucky. Also, their idea of 24 hr. food service is cold cuts from the game room. Speaking of which, every game that has been free at every other all-inclusive resort was not included and you had to pay to play pool or any other game. I will say that the food was pretty good, but that this resort is pretty strict with attire rules at the restaurants. Very long walk to get to beach area so hopefully you are in shape. Just very disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angel157A
<Content>The Pros and the Cons of life in a Palace... My family and I stayed at the Riu Palace for 8 days, 7 nights. We were attending my brother's wedding there, so it was a rather large group (40+). My immediate family included my 7 year old son, almost 2 year old daughter, husband, sister in-law, and mom. The Pros: 1- Beautiful, emaculate hotel ... really can't speak enough about how breathtaking the place is. From the lobby to the fountians, to the pools, to the beach, to the spa ... it's all amazing.2- Relatively accomodating staff ... an upfront tip of $5 for the housekeeping staff went a long way in getting what we needed re: additional gallons of water, extra towels, etc. Those that did not tip had to ask for the same items several times before receiving3- Same goes for Bartenders re: tipping. I tipped a dollar every couple of rounds, and ended up with a bartender who remembered all of our favorite drinks, and exactly how we liked them (I'm picky, so that impressed me!). Our bartender was Aurilio, a really nice young man who was super accomodating even before I started tipping (much better than Carlos, who is mentioned quite often in these reviews)3- Good variety at Don Miguel buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, and Altagracia lunch buffet by the pool. Yes most of the hot food is a bit greasy, but there is plenty of fresh fruit and salads, etc.4- Complimentary use of the Spa facilities. Showers, wet  dry saunas, two pools (1 heated, 1 not), in a tranquil setting overlooking the beach. A beautiful breeze comes in through the large open windows no matter how hot it is outside. It turned out to be our own private sanctuary when it got too hot to handle outside. 5- Fun  energetic entertainment staff - Animation. Chocolate, Sergio, Paulo, and the rest work hard to keep the energy up. The water aerobics classes were always packed and lots of fun. They played 'olympic games' on the beach daily, and bingo later in the afternoon. This team works ALL DAY ... incredible how they keep the energy up!6- If you're thinking of having a destination wedding, this is the place. Very accomodating, unbelievable 'honeymoon suite', and wonderful photographers and wedding coordinator. Plus you don't have to pay for the guests who stay at the resort!The Cons:1- The smell: It ranged from mild and musty to disgusting depending on what room you were in, or where you were on the property. I know it's the carribean, but in some spots it was definately more than just 'dampness' causing the odor!! Suggestion: bring those scented candles for the room, plus a little container of 'damp rid'!!2- The rooms were not ready on time. I know this sometimes happens, but it happened to alot of people, and not just those in our party. They'll provide a changing area, but you need to be persistent to get into your room, or you'll be waiting around a long time!3- The exercise equipment in the gym: I work out daily. This 5 star resort had 2 sets of dumb bells, 2 outdated, unsafe treadmills with no incline, and a few obsolete ellipticals and bikes (rusty, squeeky, and not smooth to ride). Some of you are saying, 'but you can jog on the beach' right?? Not when it's 100 degrees with 100 % humidity you can't!4- No real kids program: My 7 year old was bored out of his mind, and my 2 year old was too young to join the group that was there. Just a small kiddy pool in the baking sun (no shade), and a small room with a couple of ping/pong tables. Again, not 5 star at all!5- The restaurants: Reservations for the smaller restaurants must be made the morning of ... the line starts forming at 8:15 am even though the staff opens the doors at 9am. Also, the reastaurant food was not good at all! We ate in all of them (Italian, French, Japanese) ... not good at all! The only decent ones were the Brazilian one (La Bodega) and the steak house (Altagracia).I was surprised at how bad the seafood was ... over cooked and 'fishy tasting'!6- Some of the staff was not so accomodating. They are clearly overworked ... you see the same people working at 8 am in one location, then at 10 pm in another. They are too tired to care about 'exceptional customer service!'7- Bathrooms are not plentiful. Don't wait until the last minute to go, because there is only one near the pool and beach (in Altagracia), and one near all of the restaurants. Everyone was doing the 'pee-pee dance';-)Would I go back? Yes, but probably not with my kids, and not for an entire week. As an aside, we visited the other Riu hotels and they did not compare to this one. If you stay at the Palace, you can use the facilities at any of their other properties, however if you are at one of the other Riu hotels you can not come to the Palace. Although some non-Palace guests did walk over, they could not get a drink at the bars.Hope the review is helpful.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rmcq
<Content>Not 5 star by New York Standards! The only good thing to say is the place is beautiful. New Yorkers beware - this is substandard to what we are accustomed to - the rest of America may love it. Service was not good and they can't make an egg white omlet without shells - The employees are so overworked they could care less about you. The food was so,so - oil on everything. The lamb was good. Pool was as hot as the air temp by 1:00 - no shade over the pool. Beach was clean.Very pretty place but that's about it. No night life - the only good music  dancing is from like 8:00 to 8:30 - then the kids hokey pokey show begins and it's all downhill from there. Women - not enough convenient bathrooms and it's hot in every stall - get ready to sweat.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>mimi3271
<Content>Beautiful....but no substance Upon our arrival at the Riu Palace we were very impressed, they greeted us with a delicious fruit drink and check-in was swift. When we walked into our room there was a strong musty odor, but I had come equipped with air freshers, ( a tip I received from previous posts) and never smelled the musty odor for the rest of the trip. My husband and I were there for our honeymoon. The beach was really amazing! Like postcard. But I have to admit that after you get over the initial beauty of the place, there just isn't much left. I can't exactly put my finger on it.....but it just doesn't have any character. The animation team sang the same songs and did the same games everyday. The would change into suits at night and do the same song and dance in the evening. Everything was so repetitive that I knew what they were going to do before they did it. We were there for a week, but after four days we were totally bored. We were content with laying on the beach all day, but after dinner, forget about it! Everyone would sit in the courtyard with blank looks on their face from the bland so-called entertainment, and around 11pm everything basically shut down. We did the Outback Safari Excursion and had a decent time although it was very hot, but that was expected. We ate at the Brazilian restuarant one night and I thought it was good, but the restuarant was so quiet you could hear a pin drop, they need a little background music or something. We tried to eat at the Steakhouse one night but they served everyone but my husband and I and we were there before several other groups, finally we just walked out.. We didn't want to pull the race card, but we had to wonder if it was because we were very dark skinned African Americans? I had read an article that the dominican people have serious issues regarding skin color over there. The light skinned/dark skinned thing. Stupid, but it does exist. Overall I would say that most of the guests were stuffy and had their noses in the air all the time.I would return to this resort, but only with a group of friends so that we could make our own party and a least have someone to communicate with. In the meantime, I think I'll stick with Jamaica with it's more laid back atmosphere.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	2	4	3	2	

<Author>St_LouisMo_Cleaner
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana, Best beach in Carribean. This a great place. Don't pay atten to any bad reviews.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>PrincessDi222
<Content>WOW! What a place! We just unpacked from our week long trip to the Riu Palace, Punta Cana. We are in our 50's and took our son and his girlfriend with us and they are in there mid 20's. We all loved this place. If you want to be pampered, this is the place to be. It was such a step up from our 6 Star in a Aruba last year, I was totally amazed. So if you are already booked here, have a great time and don't worry about anything. This staff truely wants your stay to be perfect. We actually met the General Host Manager on our last night (they were inspecting the place and doing surveys) and his attitude of exhuberence and total customer satisfaction truely extends to his staff. If you haven't made up your mind yet, you should really consider the Riu Palace.Trip was smooth on USA 3000 but there is a fairly long bus ride from the airport. When we arrived we were sent to lunch by the pool and the heat was pretty oppressive. BY 1:30pm we went to check on our rooms and were sent on a long walk to our two rooms which were not cleaned. They also had a pretty poor view and were not next to one another. I called down to the desk but the bellman took the phone from my hand and made other arrangements and said, Don't worry, you are on vacation!  We walked all the way back to the front desk and were handed 2 more keys by Raynoldo. He told us he was upgrading our rooms at no charge and to check it out . Weended up in two great rooms over looking the fountains and very near the pools and beach. Although not cleaned yet, they let us change and we went to the pool. Check in time is not until 3pm but they did everything to make us feel special and welcome. Last year, when we went to ARUBA we stayed at the Occidental and at 6:30pm we still did not have a room.On the day of departure, we were in the lobby with 5 minutes to go before the bus arrived and we were told by our Apple Rep that we had a 2 hour delay. That made for a very long day of traveling but it was no fault of the Riu's. Other than that, this trip was awesome. The Riu is truely a palace. It is opulent and spotless at all times. The people of the Dominican Republic are wonderful, kind and always smiling. It is hard not to feel great around them. No matter where we sat, within seconds there is someone waiting on you. The staff is amazing, everyone from the maids to the Animacion entertainment staff. Lenny, Chocolate, Sergio have such high energy and these guys work all day long and still put on a show at 9:45pm at night. It is amazing! Whether you participate or just watch, it is very energizing. There are activities all day by the pool or on the beach. But relaxing is no problem.The Don Miguel buffet restaurant is wonderful. The homemade donuts in the morning are too die for and how about french toast croissants???? Breakfast is definately the best meal of the day but we enjoyed every meal because of the staff. It is a huge restaurant but they make you feel that you are the only people there. We ate at the steak house and the Italian and liked both of them. I miss Carlos already! He was our wonderful waiter and was such a great guy. The pools here are incredible, especially the lounges in the main pool. The infinity pool is much cooler because the water is constantly circulating. The sea was much rougher because it is the Atlantic and not the Carribean, so there are waves. That was the only thing I preferred about Aruba. You could not float in this water, like you could in Aruba because of the waves. We went to Saona Island which is an all day trip. You are on a bus, a speed boat, a cataraman, lunch on an island with hammocks and dancing. You get to swin in a calm shallow sea and find star fish and play games. There are fish that will eat bread out of your hands. It stormed while we were there for about 10 minutes and it was awesome. Lying in a hammock beneath palm trees with warm rain falling was a once in a life time expericence for us. There are dozens of people there though so it is not very secluded as many boats are bringing people in and out. It was a great day, dancing and music on the cataraman, rum and fun.Our best experience was swimming with the dolphins at Dolphin Island. Do not miss this. You do have a choice of going to Dolphin Island or Manati Park (closer). We were told that you get a longer time to swin at Dolphin Island but that is not true. I met some people that went to the other park and they swam as long as we did and they had other attractions at the park, like a parrot show, etc.and t-shirts with your picture on it. We had parrots that we got our pictures with but they do not perform. They did have professional photographers taking photos that they put on a disk for you to purchase. They are beautiful shots. Hosepha and Omar made it very special for me and it has been a lifetime dream to swim with dolphins. I highly recommend this trip. About shopping.....no doubt you will buy something that is cheaper the next night or in the next store. I hate haggling but some people make is a sport there. In the shops by the hotel, the prices are fairly straight forward but down at the Carribean street, you can neogotiate with most vendors. There are also vendors in front of the hotel every other evening. They can be pretty pushy.It is true that the beds are very hard and the rooms get very damp and the floors wet but HELLO, you are in the tropics! The rooms are very spacious and there is a turn down service every night. Room service is fast and the hot food comes hot and the cold food cold. Bar in your room is refilled every 2 days or when you call and they will give you gallon jugs of water for drinking. Bottled water is hard to find.It is very, very hot...bring lots of sun block..with 45 block my skin is peeling as I write this. It is very expensive to buy it there. Wonderful people, a wonderful place to stay and a wondeful trip!We will definately return, the sooner the better.If you have any specific questions, I would be happy to answer them for you if I can.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lildi611
<Content>RIU Grand Palace Disaster Coming to you live from the sports bar at the 'Grand Palace' in Punta Cana.... Until we arrived today, we had heard nothing but positive remarks about this RIU Palace. From the moment we walked into our room, we were overcome with a musty, mildew smell that lingered throughout not just our room but the majority of the resort. We switched rooms FOUR TIMES, only to find our fourth room had BLACK MILDEW ALL OVER THE PILLOWS!!! The concierge staff was rude, inconsiderate, and the first thing they told us was to switch hotels and obviously our needs couldn't be fulfilled by their hotel. Who sleeps on mildew pillows? After this disaster, we finally found a room that was somewhat satisfactory but still did not live up to our expectations. The concierge told us they'd send a bell boy to help us with our luggage. After 30 mins of waiting, no one showed up. My family  I took our luggage, the MILDEW PILLOW and walked through the lobby and personally handed the lovely concierge staff the pillow. We hoped after this room extravaganza we would at least be able to satisfy our expecations with the food. We were disappointed yet again. We were forced to eat in the buffet for dinner this evening due to the fact if you do not make a reservation prior to 10am, you're out of luck. And as previous posters said, the alcohol, and also the night life entertainment, is nothing to write home about.At this point, we are so disappointed and are considering ending our trip early. We will continue to post updates as our trip continues as this site is always helpful to us! Pictures will also follow of the pillows we found in our room...  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	4	

<Author>Globetrotter08007
<Content>Proceed With Caution We are a group of women, ranging in age from 20s to 50s, and stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana for 7 days this summer. Coming from the New York metropolitan area, we are accustomed to high caliber dining and entertainment, and had great expectations for our trip as a whole. Over the course of our stay, however, we found that these had to be adjusted accordingly.When you arrive at the airport in Punta Cana, be prepared for an onslaught of people who want to carry your bags a couple of feet. A van took us on the 45-minute ride to the hotel, and we passed through countryside that was obviously very poor. It was a sad thing to see, and the Riu complex itself was gated and guarded. The Palace was by far the most impressive of the resorts, and reminded us of the Taj Mahal when it came into view. The d茅cor in the lobby was beautiful. Despite the musty smell, we found our rooms to be comfortable, clean, and satisfactory. The beach was gorgeous, and the pool really nice, too. The nightlife was nothing to write home about, as every evening it consisted of kids running around on a stage.  Having traveled to other all-inclusives in the Caribbean, we can say that the food at Riu Palace Punta Cana was unremarkable. Firstly, instead of being able to make dining reservations for the duration of your stay upon check-in, you must do so on a daily basis, a first for us. There are two dinner timeslots to choose from: 6:00 pm and 9:00 pm. We were told to be on line at 9:00 am, but found that unless you get there early (8:15-8:30 am) to wait, you will be told that all spaces are filled in the specialty restaurants by the time you get to the front of the line. This leaves you with Don Manuel (the buffet), which is fine if that is your thing, but irritating if you, like us, want to experience quality dining when on vacation. It was therefore confusing, after we had learned the trick, to see empty tables in the specialty restaurants during dinner time. Because the number of tables in Don Manuel dwarfed that in the others, we could not help but wonder if the hotel was pushing the buffet to keep things simple and cheap. La Bodega, the Brazilian, was our personal favorite. Snacks in the gift shop were grossly overpriced: $5 for a small bag of chips. The drinks were mediocre, particularly the wine, which was very watered down. The wait staff gave us some strange looks when we asked for milk with our coffee. Simplify matters for yourself by asking for 鈥渃ortado鈥?(espresso with milk). A final word on food: everyone in our party got sick at least once, so Pepto Bismol is a must in your suitcase. We found the vast majority of the staff to be rude, unresponsive, and exhibiting blatant 鈥渕achismo鈥?behavior. On numerous occasions, our group was bypassed by the pool side wait staff, leaving us to seek them out for ourselves. After being directed to a member of the personnel for help with booking our return transfer, he told us that we would have to rifle through a nearby bookshelf for the information we needed. Likewise, when we first arrived, we realized that the safe in one of our rooms was broken. It took five calls to the front desk for someone from maintenance to come up and fix it. One of our group was also inappropriately grabbed on two separate occasions by a pool activity leader. Some of us who understand Spanish heard members of the staff mumble disrespectful and derogatory remarks about guests. This kind of treatment was certainly not appreciated, and we would have made a bigger issue out of it had we been in the United States. To conclude, the beaches, pool, and accommodations receive top marks in our book. However, if you are looking for a vacation that guarantees amazing food, memorable and varied entertainment, and attentive, respectful staff, then we suggest going elsewhere. Our trip was not horrific by any means, but the negatives that we encountered unfortunately overshadowed the positives. For the amount of money that we paid, we feel that the resort fell short of living up to its 5-star reputation. We would not recommend the Riu Palace Punta Cana to anyone, and will not return to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>drewb
<Content>Great Resort but not very good food Here is a very honest review from a picky traveler that has been to nearly every major resort city in the Caribbean. Email me if you have any questions:Overall, Punta Cana is a nice place to relax and enjoy some of the best beaches that I have ever seen. That being said, I preferred the One and Only Ocean Club (Paradise Island) and the La Palmilla (Cabo) much more than the Riu. There is really not much to do in PC other than hanging out at the beach. If that is your thing, then you will love it because there are no better beaches anywhere that I have been.Hotel: The hotel is wonderful....very clean, very beautiful, and the staff (in my opinion) was very nice. You do, however, need to tip (if you tip a bartender on day one you will get much better service). I tipped one guy $20 on the first day and he went out of his way for us all week.Pool and Beach: The pool is nice but WAY too hot to enjoy. I would guess that the water is 95+ degrees. It is ok in the morning but after 11:00 it is like a hot tub. As I said, the beaches are better than anywhere in the world and the water is the perfect temp. Find a nice coconut tree and spend time on the beach for a really relaxing time.Room: I upgraded to the suite and it was remarkable. Very large, marble shower, separate toilet and bidet, separate whirlpool with pillars, living room, and walk in closet. Yes, it smells but is the same smell that I remember in every tropical location that I have been.Food: Terrible! Breakfast is ok, room service is aweful, buffets are the usual (same food daily), lunch is decent (same food daily). The steak house is literally not edible. The Italian was average but had a nice buffet before dinner. The gourmet Sir Oscars was pretty good (lamb chops were excellent).Entertainment: Don't go for the entertainmentIf you are looking for an authentic Dominican place to dine, try the Jellyfish. We all loved it. It is way off the beaten path but awesome and fresh seafood right out of the ocean in a really unique and 'beachy' location. The service is slow but that is to be expected in the DR. Try the seafood plate for two (huge lobster, langastinos, fish, conch, octopus, shrimp).....to die for.A few other tips: Ask for Barcellos rum (much better than the stock brand they use and all bars have it). The lobby bar had some top shelf liquors but sometimes they ran out. No one in my party got sick but we were very careful and took yogurt culture suppliments everyday. There was a much better casino about a $10 cab ride away (Palace Casino) which was bigger and better than the Riu. We did not do any excursions due to the extreme heat (however we did parasail and banana boat).Hope that helps, send me any questions.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ramirezi
<Content>Great hotel! .We stayed in the RIU palace punta cana on our honeymoon. The hotel accommodation is very impressive. We had a room located on the side of the hotel and were worried if we would have a moisture problem as we have read in other reviews. The room however was clean, did not smell musty and our clothing did not retain a Caribbean smell when we got back home. The food was of high quality, we stayed there for 12 days and we did have enough variation. My wife is a picky eater but she could always find something she liked. The beach is fab! The personnel is extremely helpful and polite. DO TRY THE MOJITO'S! My advice: just go there, you'll have a great time  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>vagabondalex
<Content>We loved it !! I just got back from Riu Palace Punta cana.I took my parent with my sister for my mom's 70's birthday.I got this hotel through apple's 6 golden square deal.I felt so lucky since most of 6 golden square deals stay at Sunscape the beach. I don't want say in detail about this hotel because I want you guys to get some pleasant suprise. this mediterranean style (That's how I felt) hotel is big and luxurious. since this hotel is new everthing was clean. there was no bugs, no blackouts.the rooms(we had 2) were spacious and nice. the AC worked perfect. we had to turn it off time to time cause it was getting coldand about the staffs. I never felt this kind of service in anywhere and from anykind of business. I was so amazed that not even one staff member was unfriendly. even the gardeners. about the food. I will say very good. we even ate lobsters at the buffet. I just don't like japanese restaurant. since I been to Japan twice I know how japanese food should be.we did 2 excursions. Marinarium and outback safariwe loved them both. if you choose one. go for Marinarium.Our vacation was perfect. My parent and my sister loved it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lcluigs03
<Content>What an experience! first of all, let me say that you will not be disappointed in this resort if you remember this:you're in a different country...language is different, people are different, FOOD is different.if you remember this, your experience will be as fantastico as ours! we went to relax and hang out on the beach. the beach...BEAUTIFUL! the breeze is wonderful and you never got hot if you stayed in the shade. we never left the beach if we didn't have to...or if we couldn't get a lounger.the food? top notch!!! but you have to remember that YOU'RE IN A DIFFERENT COUNTRY! food is going to taste different and be prepared dfferent than what you are used to. it doesn't mean that it is bad. just try it and keep an open mind. if you don't like something...eat something else. there are MANY options! oh...their french fries...yummy! the pool...it's ok. small for the massive size of the resort. but it's still nice. just be sure to wear your flip flops right up to the edge of the pool as the concrete will leave blisters on your feet! the only other thing is that the sun heats up the pool VERY quickly. so it's not that refreshing. we hung out at the pool one or two days and decided that the ocean water was about 20-30 degrees cooler and there was a breeze. the pool didn't have a breeze because it's surrounded by the hotel. anyway, it's still a very nice pool, we just preferred the beach here. the rooms...BEAUTIFUL! even without the ocean view! it has a bedroom area, living room area, foyer, and a beautiful bathroom. you will NOT be disappointed in the room.the people...very nice! some were nicer than others, but you get that anywhere. i'm sure it's frustrating for them to have so many other languages come at them per day. many of them knew enough english to get by, some even knew 4 or 5 different languages! we weren't expecting that because WE WERE IN A DIFFERENT COUNTRY! :) they are supposed to speak other languages. i can't believe i'm home. i felt like i was home all during my trip. we met two other couples from our home town and had a blast. i seriously want to go back and i have NEVER said that about anywhere i've visited. i still smell the beach on our clothing and daydream about the DR. i LOVED every minute of it! go if you can!!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jnhort
<Content>A late review about a lingering smell Although we stayed here in early 2007, we have our luggage and some clothing that are a sensory reminder of our trip! The moldy smell is still with them after 6 months, and we have already replaced my wife's luggage. Our original room had the smell (and not a great view), so we requested, and received another one. That room also had the smell, but not quite as bad as the first one. Our only other complaints were the hard mattresses and unresponsiveness of the front desk (which I won't bother with details).Otherwise... the rest of the hotel and staff/service was great! And we do believe that the beach is the best! We will more than likely come back, but just not to the RIU.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>stephanied13
<Content>Really a palace !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       More of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HughD
<Content>A great family Vacation My family of 4 just got back on July 31, 2007 after 6 great days at the Riu Palace. After reading the reviews on this site I had set my expectations very low.The good news, the Riu Palace is one of the best resorts we have every stayed at and the people, they make the difference. Most employees were glad to share smiles and an Hola and were pleased to serve you. My advice about the negative reviews on this site ... there is probably a little truth in what people complain about but it is not nearly enought to not vacation here. All I can figure, these people would complain about anything.Go, have a great time.Our suggestions - Bring an insulated cup for your beverages. A big one with a lid. Keeps drinks cool and you don't have to go back as often. Try and get a ro om with a courtyard view. You don't see as much of the ocean but the activity and scenery is wonderful. Don't be a creature of habit. Sit in different areas of the beach, eat at different resturaunts, drink in different bars. There is so much to explore.Have a great trip to Riu Palace, know we will be going back someday.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merkelcg
<Content>Loved it! My two sons ( 19 and 21) and my sister in law stayed at the Riu Palace from July 16-23, 2007. I had been to Punta Cana seven years ago and stayed at the oldest resort in the area ( named changed, but I think it was Punta Cana Beach Hotel) and I found things much improved. We had booked the 6 Golden Apple Square Deal and, I believe that the Iberostar Bavaro and Sunscape (other 6 Golden Apples) were full. The Riu Palace was very lovely; the rooms were large ; the beds WERE hard, but I found it comfortable and the pillows were soft. The shower was always strong and hot. We had great maid service. The mildew smell was not that bad. Our room looked over the courtyard and was close to the pool , which meant also close to the beach. In looking at the pictures , before hand, I had wondered if the resort would be hot and sparse and I would have long, hot walks. But I liked the openness . We walked to the other Rius ( Bambu, Macao, TAino and Melea) and they were also lovely, but more compact and closed in with foilage. We loved all of the restaurants; always found something we liked to eat. The buffet and the beach restaruant were beautiful. The staff is quite friendly and USUALLY attentive. The only problem we had was we never were offered coffee at breakfast when everyone else was given coffee. ( always sat in the same secton, outside) . We felt invisible. We had to get up and find coffee inside on our own. The wine was not too good, but I saw many people drinking it. I stuck to champagne. We went on the Jungle Safari and had a good time. Great guide, Jose. Fun body sufing in Macao Bay beach. Best prices for jewelry, coffe and rum were on this tour. I had also gone horse back riding on that beach the day before, I LOVED that. Galloping down the beach. It was only $25 and they took your picture and offered it for sale with a CD of island music for $15. I booked the horse tour on the beach from ScubaCaribe and the Jungle Safari in the lobby from Apple rep. You should know how to handle a horse, though, as you will not be offered a helmet. I would definately return to this resort and also might consider one of the other Rius, although I did feel that the Palace was a bit more relaxed. The animation crew was energetic. The shows were ok; lots of energetic dancing. One night it was karaoke and a man from Italy sang like Andrea Bocceli ! After dinner there was a different type band set up outside of the buffet area; reminded me of Italy, with a lovely fountain and open terrace seating, and bar service. Many people danced the merengue , salsa, rhumba , including me which was great fun. The animation team will dance with people who have no partners.The beach was wonderful; soft sand, great , warm water and many palms; never had a problem getting a recliner at beach or pool. Oh, and we tipped most everywhere, but I did not see many other people tipping. I don't think that tipping gave us better service, but I know it is appreciated. The only improvement might have been better communiction about daily activities, like a daily newsletter. We forgot that on Thursday there is some kind of Carnival on the street of shops, as no one reminded us . We were told on our arrival day only. But all in all we had a great time. Let me know if you have questions.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Colvis1217
<Content>Rui Palace Rui Palace is a beautiful resort. Service was great and the rooms were clean. But unfortunately the food was not always appetizing! Maybe because there is a mass production of food but it was just not tasty. That's my only complaint.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cornet1
<Content>Lovely Time Just returned from the Riu Palace Punta Cana having had a superb time.Enjoyed the stay even with the humidity being very high and the odd thunder storms thrown in but hey this is the Carribean.restaurants very good some better than others didn't enjoy the steak house but Sir Oscars was pretty good and probably the best one of the speciality restaurants. All the speciality restaurants were limited in their range of menus though.pool was very good but very warm and not really adequate for cooling off. Staff on the whole were ok and tried to please although some did sometimes forget your drinks and had to go back for them but not too much of an inconvenience.Beach area had well protected swim areas but there was alot of motor boats activities which sometimes made the sea abit rough but that could have been the weather also.Rooms were always cleaned well and generally the air conditioning was powerful and noisy so sometimes could disturb you sleep( or is it just us Brits not used to air conditioning).Beds alittle hard and uncomfortable for my liking but ater 2 weeks you get used to it.All in all a pretty good time was had by all in my family all I would say is that daytime activities not always geared up for children so the other Riu's on the resort would be better if you have young children not that mine minded as she spent nearly all the time in the pool. By far the best and largest Hotel in the Riu resort and the most modern. I would reccommend it  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachluvr28
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!!!!!!       view from room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>millieronda
<Content>Fantastic!!!Going back next year. My husband and I were at the Riu Palace 7nights.We just got back this past Mon.7/23/07.We loved resort.The rooms are amazing. Everything was spotless.The service was great.We have been going to Cozumel or Playa Del Carmen Mexico for the past 12 years and we really love both but decided to try something new this year. We had done the all inclusive thing two or three times but have not done it in a years because the food was just not very good.The Riu Palace however was great.We liked the specialty restaurants and the buffet was great. It included shrimp, all kinds of grilled meats,at least 8 kinds of salads and twice as many wonderful deserts as well as any kind of drink you can think of. There was a great deal to choose from.The waiters are constantly filling your glass with water or wine or what ever else you may want. They were all so very nice.There was entertainment every night,usually dancing and a show.The beach is really beautiful.The water is not too cold and it 's a beautiful blue.The grounds are absolutely gorgeous. At the front desk everyone was always very helpful.I heard them speak at least 4 languages.Spanish,English, German,and French were the ones I could make out.There is a entertainment committee and the young man who heads it speak many languages as well.He is unbelievable.He along with a few others gave all kinds of dancing lessons and always had something fun going on.In the evening as we sat to watch a show or just had a drink we notice how hard everyone works to please the guest.We met a young lady named Claudia and a young man named Pedro who were always so sweet and always trying to please the guest.I had to ask them  don't you guys ever sit and relax a bit' they laughed.I really don't understand any of the negative reviews , We had a great time and will be returning next year! OK , there was one little thing, On Sunday night there was a show performed by some people who are not employees of the hotel.I understand they are there every two weeks.They performed a few numbers from Cabaret.The girls were just about naked and the dancing a bit too much.They pulled men from the audience on stage and sat on their laps, stroked their hair and so on.Women don't let your husband up there if you don't want to be embaressed and humiliated.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jngilo
<Content>Riu Palace is the place to be Just returned from a six-day stay at Riu Palace in Dominican Republic. If you are going, the Palace is the place to stay. It's just beautiful with a grand lobby and very nice rooms. I've read different posts here and I'm not sure where some of these people are staying, because our experience was very positive. Food was plentiful and help was courteous. The pool was more than adequate and there was a swim up bar. Drinks were delish and there were two restaurants with buffet lunches with food in abundance all afternoon. Dining in the evening was also very good. I wasn't expecting much in the way of food from recent posts, but was pleasantly surprised. The only downside is that, obviously, you can't drink the water and brushing your teeth requires a little more effort than usual, but once you get used to that, it's no problem. The restaurants for evening dining required reservations and they had to be made quite early in the day, each day, nothing in advance, so that might be a little annoying to some, but my husband took care of that for our group of six on a daily basis. The one thing I must be adamant about is to stay away, far away, from the casino at the adjacent hotel. It's quite the rip off. They actually greet you at the door and escort you in to a game in the back rear and it's a con. it's a very seedly little casino, nothing at all like the Atlantis, which is what I was sort of expecting to see. Be forewarned. I can't stress that enough. Also, shopping isn't at all that great, in or out of the resort. If you like to bring back something special for yourself from vacation, don't expect to do it there. Oh, and one last thing, the entertainment, i.e., shows in the evening, very amateurish. It appears that they use a lot of the staff, i.e., servers, waiters, to do the dancing, etc. That area can be greatly improved. All that aside, however, you can expect to have a lovely vacation, relaxing, beautiful beach, clean ocean, lovely accommodations, (at the Palace), the other hotels didn't impress me at all. P.S. unlike some of these other posts, I found the rooms to be comfortably air conditioned, clean, (the odor wasn't nearly as offensive as what people complained about). I guess you get what you pay for. Go for the Palace, you won't be disappointed. Try the Vodka Lemonita, they're yummy!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SuzetteAtl
<Content>SanKev, LOVED IT!!! Like most people, my husband and I studied the reviews posted here. Some were extremely helpful, others were not. We were not sure what to expect based on the different reviews that we read, however, to our surprise the vacation turned out GREAT!!!. WHAT'S TRUE ABOUT WHAT'S BAD: Musty smell--most (if not all) reviewers say that the rooms have a musty smell. They do. It wasn't offensive, it usually clears up after you open the patio door.Hard beds--Lord, I must admit, I found the beds to be really hard. We also had two double beds instead of 1 king bed, but we made the best of it anyway. Just make sure you ask at check in.Entertainment--Can be described as lacking. We had the privilege of visiting the other resorts on the RIU property and they were wild and crazy. I enjoyed going back to the tranquility of our hotel. The staff works really hard, and ultimately it is up to the guests to decide if they want to just relax or go wild.Other than that the entire staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. The food in the buffet restaurant was better than the other restaurants. The language was never an issue and we don't speak a lick of spanish.TIPS: ask for free taxi to take you off property if you wish. we took the free taxi off the property and then got on a public bus to Higuey for about $2pp. The hotel offers a private taxi to Higuey for about $75.00. Not much to see there. YOu will get haggled!!!Spa--Absolutely fantastic. YOU DO NOT NEED TO PAY FOR THE SERVICES TO USE THE FACILITY. Beautiful jaccuzzi in rear. The massages are wonderful (if you don't mind being in the nude).My husband and I are in our mid 30's. We brought his 65 y o mother and our 15 y o son. We all had a great time. Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lorraine_Kennedy
<Content>Wedding/ Vacation at the Riu Palace       front  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ua808
<Content>Great Experience This place is awesome. Pretty beach, good food, fun atmosphere (for kids too) and above all great service. My wife and I just returned after a 5 day stay and loved it all. One particluar incident I want to mention here is the work ethics and honesty of the cleaning staff. On one of the days, we returned to our room to see my wallet (with lots of $$$ and all my credit cards) nicely placed on the bed along with all the other clothing that was strewn around. I had apparently forgotten to lock it in the safe with all the other valuables. I had expected the wallet to be empty. But to my pleasannt surprise, it was intact. I could not believe it considering the amount of poverty that you witness out of the resort and the temptation of a wallet full of cash and cards. We just returned (of course left a note and $$$ for the cleaning staff) home with a sense of appreciation and full of good memories.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elisedol
<Content>Great  My husband (33), daughter (11th month) and I (32) went to Riu Palace Punta Cana in April (I'm a little bit late in posting this review...). We are Belgian (Europe) so please apologize for my perhaps bad English writing. I really appreciate to have a look at all the TA reviews before our departure and that鈥檚 the reason why I put one (even if difficult for me as I鈥檓 a French speaker).It was our first trip together with our daughter but we鈥檝e traveled the Caribbean quite a lot (Secrets in PC, Sandals in Cuba, Riu in Jamaica and Iberostar in Mexico). We also went in Kenya, Morocco, Spain, Turkey and Egypt but we really enjoy the Caribbean. The reason why we decided to go back in Dominican Republic is that, with our baby, we only wanted to relax and enjoy the sun, beach and hotel facilities and Dominican Republic is a great place for this (Cuba, Jamaica and Mexico are also great for this but adding some excursions is a must in these countries).First of all, I think our views maybe useful and different because we are North Americans and many of the comments posted on AT are from there. Riu Palace Punta Cana is a sort of American islet. Pay attention, I do not want to speak ill of them. My husband and I really appreciate being with American people; they set up really fun and friendly atmosphere everywhere we went to. And I must confess that we even chose resorts that are American people鈥檚 favorite. Having said that, here are our views:-Arrival: the airport is one of the nicest we have seen. We feel on holiday from the minute you get out of the plane. It really sounds a Caribbean country. You are invited to make a picture with two local-fashioned girls (you can buy the picture when you go back to your country). Passport control is quite friendly (having considered other European or Arabic country, where getting a smile is everything but possible). Luggages are available quite quickly (about 10 minutes having considered that we were the last ones to get all of them). The transfer to the hotel was very fast (took about 20 minutes). It was a private transfer provided by our tour operator. When we arrived at the hotel, check-in went very fast: they were expecting our arrivals, we were welcomed with a fresh cocktail and candies for the children鈥檚, we received explanations in French (first time it happens) and were given our keys (not card) to our rooms (only one key par family, which is not very handy but not a problem that would ruin your stay). -Room: The room was very nice, large and clean (notice that are some steps from the bed area to the lounge area, which can be dangerous for babies making first steps). It was a second floor one with a view overlooking the left side of the hotel (nothing the notice about the view, we never stay on the balcony). There are lots of wardrobe spaces, which is useful for a two-week stay with a baby. The fridge (which was a little bit noisy) is stocked with lots of drinks (Pepsi, diet Pepsi, Fanta, Sprite, bier, bottle water and sparkling water and 4 different alcohol bottle). The bathroom is quite large and the air-conditioning was working well (but we do no used it extensively because of the baby). There are two chairs, a small table and clothes airer (very useful) on the balcony. I brought candles, air freshener and insect repellant because of some reviews on TA but did not used it. Yes It smells a bit but you鈥檙e in the Caribbean, you can avoid this (and we as you鈥檝e seen we have traveled a lot there)-Beach: it is very large, there are lots of seats but palms instead of 鈥減alapas鈥? Palms make the beach very nice and it brings shadow but, with a baby, it was not so easy to have enough shadow. If you want seats close to a palm (and therefore having shadow), you will have to be early (about 8am or even earlier). We did not go to the beach a lot because our daughter was trying to eat he sand (unfortunately). There is no bar on the beach. We were explained by the relation manager (he鈥檚 French and really friendly with us, her wife just delivered when we were there, which perhaps helped to have friendly relation with him) that鈥檚 because in the DR they need a permission to do it on a beach they did not received yet. However, someone walked down the beach with drinks.-Pool: the pool is not very large (certainly because of the beach, which is and very nice). There are lots of seats but definitely not enough umbrellas. So you have to reserve a seat quite early to have one with umbrella and therefore shadow, when the resort is crowded, what we do not appreciated. We do not like making reservation for a seat but we were obliged because of our daughter. Waiters walk long the pool to ask you what you want to drink (even if you don鈥檛 tip but we did because these people are working hard to make your holidays as pleasant as it can). Some days, a waiter also proposed some fruits on a large plate in the afternoon, which we appreciated (our daughter loves pineapples and these are really delicious in DR). Unfortunately is not recurrent which is a shame because that鈥檚 the kind of stuff that helps you feel in a 5 star. Finally, the water is not all that clean (people drinking, eating and smoking in the pool, the dark side of American people, while it is forbidden).-Food: (Please remember that we are European) breakfast is very good. There is something for everyone: 4 or five different sort of cooked eggs and a station to ask for the one you like, hot and cold salt meat, salmon every days (which I appreciate while not eating this for breakfast at home but that鈥檚 also while I appreciate holidays and particularly the Riu), 5 our 4 different breads, lots of fresh fruits (pineapples, mango, passion fruits, watermelon etc), a fresh milkshake station, local champagne and even Nutella. At lunchtime, it鈥檚 a buffet with lots of things (beef, shrimps, ensaladas, pizza, hotdogs, hamburgers, ice-cream and lots of fruits and pastries). Several days a week there鈥檚 a pasta or paella buffet with show-cooking but be prepared to be in line for o while to have your lunch. For the dinner, there is a buffet (over-stuffed, some days with lobsters) or you may opt for an 脿lcarte restaurant. We really appreciate having access to 脿 lacarte restaurants (we chose hotels on this characteristic, it really much more sounds holidays to us when we are served, perhaps because we are European) and they were all very good. Please remember it鈥檚 all AI. You may not expect Michelin starred restaurants like in Europe and the price we paid for 2 weeks make it not possible. But they really make their best even when considering what they have at their disposal in terms of beef quality for instance. To go to the 脿 lacarte you have to make a booking. Be prepared to be in line for a few minutes for that was ok. What is a shame is that you may only make to booking for the same day (not for 2 or 3 days in advance) which force you to do it every day (if, like us, you want to go to 脿 lacarte every day). Please notice that they have lots of baby-seats at all the restaurants which we really appreciated.-Drinks: I鈥檇 like just to say to those people saying cocktails are watered-down: how much cocktails do you drink when at home? Is the purpose of your holidays to get drunk? We found them really good and fresh at all the bars and I can ensure you that if you tip you鈥檒l end drunk (and even if you don鈥檛).-Overall facilities: lots of lifts to go everywhere you want. There鈥檚 a sport bar where you can find taco, hamburgers and hotdogs a24/7 (don鈥檛 know how they taste) and a microwave which is a plus to prepare our baby鈥檚 bottles and food. Take a time to have o look at the other hotels of the resort. There is a nice way along the beach that goes across the other riu and each hotel has a small mall. At our hotel鈥檚 mall (next to the spa), you can find very nice coktail dress at around 100$ but (not for me, size problem) and bikinis but quite expensive. Also have a look at the Caribbean street (nice shops with crafts, clothes, sunglasses, magazines but most in German and to have ones at least in English you have to go to the shop of the hotel). There is also a medicine in the Caribbean street which was very useful because our baby went ill some days. We were brought to the hospital. Because it was a baby the doctor wanted to make sure and asked for a pediatrician. Take your credit card because the hospital is REALLY expensive (500$ for about 5 minutes of examination, medicine not included for a chill and tooth making their arrival)-Animation: seem ok (with the baby, we were not interested in it) but not the best place to make sport activities. I think other Riu are better at that. People from the hotel are really friendly and lovely with our little girl but there are not so much children, perhaps 5 or 7 during our stay which was in April 07(special thank to the French relationship manager, he was really friendly and have a word not only for us but for all the guests, as had other manager who walked down the pool and restaurants to ensure everything is ok). Conclusion: very nice holidays. Would return (but we won鈥檛 because we like to see other hotels) and recommend it. Just notice that if you want something really like wonderful-land and romantic place, you鈥檒l prefer a Secret or Sandals. If you want extra info, feel free to email me (English or French)  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dlwalsh
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana - No Thanks for the Memories! My hubby and I just got back from the Riu Palace Punta Cana last evening after 7 days in the resort (Monday to Monday). Upon arriving at the airport we were taken back by the 50's style airport --open air, the plane pulls pretty much up to the front. Gates 1 - 4 are open air and gates 5 and up are a/c. Be prepared to move quickly cause it is extremely hot in the airport. Upon getting our luggage the baggage boys were all over us like white on rice to take our bags to the bus. Let them do it, it will save you a lot of stress and you only have to slip them a couple of dollars (they're very appreciative of anything you tip). Our bus ride was interesting as you get to see much of the depressed countryside. Some areas are really saddening to see. After dropping off passengers to their respective hotels we finally got to see ours, breathtakingly beautiful. Like a palace!!! Pristine exterior and landscapingly appealing---we were impressed. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous and spacious. The desk clerks are very helpful and do their best to accomodate. There are really no beach views but a garden view is very, very nice. We were in room 0065 which was a mini suite. The rooms are recessed from the halls and when you enter a mildew smell will overwhelm you. It's not a caribbean smell, its a funky smell. We took candles and it mellowed out the smell. After a couple of days, you get used to it and don't even notice. The rooms are spacious enough with a large bed, beautiful tiled floors and marble tops. The balconies offer a nice view of the property. We could see the beach and pool from our balcony, as well as the restaurants and courtyard. We rose early each day to see the sunrise at about 6:15. So beautiful to see. You should place a towel in your beach chairs that you want at that time (if you wait until after breakfast you won't get your pick of chairs/spots). You get towel cards at checkin. If you lose them or your towels, you have to pay extra to get them. Breakfast everyday was at Don Manual's Restaurant. Same food every day for the most part. I enjoyed the fruit bar. At 8:45 everyday they accept reservations for dinner. We ate at the Gourmet, Italian and Brazilian. If you like food you'll enjoy the Brazilian Rest. The food just keeps coming. As far as the beach...the sun is best from around 8:00 to noon. We both used 30 spf and got a nice deep golden tan. The sun is so intense, you really can't stay out all day or you'll look like bacon. At about 3:00 we took a nice stroll on the beach, very enjoyable. Not too hot, nice breeze. They do have satellite TV if you like to watch news...NBC, ABC, CBS. Cable was out some of the time as well as the electric. It would go out in the middle of the night. Only rained about 3 times the whole time we were there and that was in the middle of the night for about 10 minutes. Crazy! The shows were absolutely horrible, the casino was a joke---about 20 slots and only 10 of them worked at most. The neighboring casino Macao was not much better with maybe 5 tables and about 25 to 30 machines all using pecos. Towers casino---about a 15 minute drive by taxi was available off the site. We heard a lot of mixed reviews about the excursions so we didn't go on any. The frozen drinks were either watered down or had big chunks of ice in them. Not like the caribbean drinks I've ever had elsewhere. Tip: If you want a decent mixed drink (Vodka sour, Scotch and water, etc...) order from the show bar. They serve more Americanized drinks. Only a handful of the help spoke English, so we had issues with translation. Ordered a scotch and water 3 times before they got it right. They do try to please though. Don't try room service, you'll wait forever. And very, very limited menu. BTW, you have to tote your safe key around with you everywhere. They put the cumbersome lock on a long string. Kind of weird and bothersome when you want to lighten your load to the beach and elsewhere. Long story short: If you enjoy total relaxation, beautiful beach (TOPLESS female bathers) pool, ho hum food and a very subdued, snippy atmosphere, then this is the place for you. If you enjoy lots of activities, having entertaining options, sounds of people laughing and having a good time, excellent food and a nice, comfortable bed/room then pick another location. This is not a location that we will personally go back to. Very boring. Hope this helped.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>jessz
<Content>What a vacation!! I stayed at the Riu Palace from July 7-14 with 13 people from Pittsburgh. We ranged in age from 27-54, one couple was on their honeymoon (unbelievable room!!) some were singles and some were couples. We had a very good time. I am a picky eater...extremely picky, but I found something to eat daily...multiple times to boot. There was a smell to the rooms but you are at the ocean...it is to be expected...at least I did. My boyfriend, sister and I had already been to Punta Cana along with the travel agent and her husband (which were the honeymooners parents) so we knew what we were in for.  Eleven of us went on the Safari tour...it was a good time. Two people did the speed boats and enjoyed their day as well.  The staff was great. The entertainment staff was funny and helpful. The bartenders were good..we took insulated mugs with us and they had no problem filling our drinks in them and adding extra shots when needed. The managers and waitstaff were friendly, attentive, and willing to talk. We learned spanish from them and they learned english from us.  The hotel grounds were great. One day we got a service call from the front desk asking if we needed anything because we decided to sleep in and our room was not cleaned.  The beach was clean. There were always chairs available but go early to the beach if you want oceanside and shade.  A few people got sick...I won't lie...don't think it was from anything in particular...we all ate the same thing...perhaps their own system did not agree.  When we booked our trip I read these and I was nervous after all of the reviews. But honestly, our trip was well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYRussian
<Content>This is the ONLY Review you will Need! I wish I knew this before my trip... Dates of Stay: May 25-June 2* This is a very long review but you will be grateful you read it!!!Let me say first that I am not a very picky person in any respect, however I do enjoy quality and I expect it especially if I go on vacation once every few YEARS. This was my 3rd trip to DR and my co-travelers were all there for the first time. That being said, you can trust this review if you are between the ages of 20-45 or so. A group of 4 of us went together. My boyfriend and I and his friend with his girlfriend. It was a present from 'us girls' to our guys for graduating college.Our age range is 20-24. We are younger, but we are very quiet, calm people. No party animal types.Purpose of Stay: relax on the beach and enjoy a light nightlifeSo now that you know the particulars, let鈥檚 begin with the hotel and flight experience...- There are flights early morning around 7 am, try to get those because by the time you get to Punta Cana airport and get your bags and get on the bus (transportation) and get to the hotel, you lose about half a day. The downside here is that your room may not be ready that early (12pm) because regular sign in is at 3pm. - The airport is hot and humid, but you are going to an island so this expected. However, do not be deterred from coming here because of the humidity...it is so different from the kind of hot, sticky weather you experience in the city! This hot and humid is bordering on being pleasant (perhaps because you are wearing a bathing suit 90% of the time). Also at the airport, try to bring only hand luggage because the conveyer belt with your bags can take a while. We ended up missing our hotel shuttle and had to get onto another bus as a result. DONT WORRY if this happens to you because they all basically follow the same route and best of all RIU PALACE PUNTA CANA is the 1st stop. - Ok...so now you are in the bus approaching the hotel. You are shocked by its beauty. It looks like a paradise of whitestone. Once in the lobby, go straight for the registration desk, you WILL get a chance to view the stunning beauty of the lobby later. REMBEMBER: You are not the only one who is anxious to get to the room and unpack. Get to the registration desk ASAP. One of the ladies behind the desk will give you a package of information including: your key, your towel cards, a map of the hotel, and some other documents. If you room is ready, GO! You are done with all the legalities and are now able to officially start your vacation.- If your room isn鈥檛 ready, check out the bar in the lobby area...or the sports bar if you are hungry. There is a container of various fruits in the fridge, delicious. Surprisingly, the hot dogs were good too, but make sure YOU cook them enough on the hot dog rotate. Better yet, if you packed a bathing suit in your hand luggage, hit the beach! (more on what to bring later). OR, be practical and try to find your representative and register your departure date with them, just to get it out of the way. The catalog of trips is available there as well (we didn鈥檛 do any, so I can鈥檛 say anything about those.) -Once you are in the room, notice the refrigerator under the alcohol dispenser. This is refilled several times, but most importantly the water jug. In case you don鈥檛 know...local water should not enter your mouth at any time. Brush your teeth with the jug of water. They know this danger and you will always have enough water. You CAN bathe just fine in the shower, no problems at all! (for us anyway)- Everyday you will have a different towel figurine on your bed or somewhere in your room. This is just another way to prove how hard the staff is trying, esp. the cleaning staff. Tip the ladies at least $2 dollars a day, its nothing for you but they will seriously appreciate it! Oh....don鈥檛 forget to use the door knob hangers that say do not disturb when you are in the room because they might barge in on you and wont that be uncomfortable ;) But...on the same token don鈥檛 forget t switch it to room service required otherwise they wont clean it.A warning about the rooms: Do not set any food on the floor or either of the night stands next to the bed because your food will be attacked by a swarm of ants. It is really disgusting, but again these are the islands and insects do thrive there. DON鈥橳 WORRY, you are not aware of the ants or any other insects unless there is food around. Also, the air conditioner doesn鈥檛 work unless the door is CLOSED to the balcony. - The smell: THERE IS NO SMELL IN THE ROOMS!!! You do not need scented candles unless you want to be romantic. However, to be fair, there is a humid, Caribbean smell that gets into your clothes. Nothing a trip through the washing machine won鈥檛 get rid of.- The beach: This is one section where I am rendered speechless. Incredible water temp. Just pristine and lovely. The weather was a bit 'iffy' when we were there, but if it rained only for a few minutes. We even stayed at the beach through the rain shower. Also: YOU MSUT TRY THE FRESH COCOUNUTS. There is a guy that comes around with a wagon of coconuts, YUM!!!! - TRY THE SPA. There is a hot and cold pool within the spa. It鈥檚 free! For absolute bliss, do it like us Russian do ;) 鈥?Go into the hot water Jacuzzi, stay there for a while. Then submerge yourself in the cold water. It is so invigorating and makes your skin smooth as silk (pardon the clich茅).- The drinks: If you ask them to make it strong fuerte, fuerte then they WILL do so. You may need a few but boy will you be sorry if you over do it. Drink BEER at least once.....so good! (and no, not only Presidente). The mojitos are pretty good, different from NY bars and lounges though. Try 'Green Peace very light, minty, soothing but fruity drink! If you are there to seriously drink, you should start with the Vodka Lemonade (we discovered this drink on our last day unfortunately)! At night, drink some of the tea, it tastes different and it鈥檚 really nice how they serve it in a tea pot, very sweet.- The food: Ok here it gets complicated. People complain about the food. Those people have NO business at an all inclusive tropical resort! Seriously, unless you don鈥檛 like at least one of the following, you will have plenty to choose from: broiled or stir fry seafood, 5 different types of pasta, fries, burgers, salad, variety of fruits, steak, chicken, pork, beef, fish..... That is the selection offered. Not to mention a large egg fest every morning for breakfast with French toast and waffles and the most amazing chocolate pancakes!!! YOU MUST TRY THE FRESH FRUIT SMOOTHIES every morning made to order. Incredible!- The specialty restaurants: Rule #1: Be on the line (at the Italian restaurant is where ALL the reservations take place) at 8:45-9am SHARP! They fill up fast! Rule #2 AVOID THE JAPANESE!!! The only good thing about that one is the hot sake - (hint: give one of the waiters a nice $5 or so tip and they will bring you some). The others: Italian was by far the best. The Brazilian was good esp. if you are a meat lover (try it though, it very interesting). The French one we didn鈥檛 get to unfortunately, but people said it was good. The Steak House was really nice. It is a little discouraging because the steak house is at the L鈥檃ltagracia (the same restaurant where you have lunch on the beach) but they dress it up nicely for dinner though. The main buffet is great, esp. the 'specialty nights'. Seriously, make reservations wherever but do check out the dinner for that night at Don Manuel. The restaurants are next door to each other so if you see people greeting guests before dinner at Don Manuel, try and check it out. The specialty cuisine is really interesting and tasty. - Tipping: Since this was not my first trip to DR, I was sure that a $5 would get you smiles all around. But apparently that is not enough anymore. Try to get to know some of your waiters, when they know you, you get 1st class service. Try starting your vacation with a $10 tip and your set for the whole trip. We only figured this out on the fourth day (out of 7) and the next 3 days were even better than the first 4. If you have been in the DR before, you may feel as though some of the less grand hotels have a friendlier staff, maybe (I noticed this anyway)- The show: Ladies and Gentlemen, please try and participate in the shows. So much fun! There is a nice sitting area, and a bar in the auditorium (which is partially outside). If you can鈥檛 be in it, watch it, it is really fun and sort of cheesy, but that鈥檚 why you are there, to relax and not worry about anything and be a goofball. All ages! Seriously!- The language: Some of these reviews say that the staff doesn鈥檛 speak English. OK, if you want English go to Virginia Beach or Florida or ANYWHERE BUT TO THE ISLANDS. Spanish is the language of the country and through a few simple hand gestures and some if any Spanish, you and the staff will get along nicely!- Henna Tattoos: We spent around 3 hours looking for this stand to get Henna Tattoos. Let me save you some time, go straight to the Iberostar Bavaro that is the ONLY place we found it. Make sure you walk along the beach, because as a guest of the RIU you have no access to their walkways and they will ask you to walk on the beach. The beach I guess is not private property.WHAT TO PACK:-Gentlemen: There is nothing you need except a few shirts and most importantly LONG PANTS. They want let you into any dinner restaurant without LONG PANTS, no exceptions!-Ladies: Ok, truth: I am a compulsive over packer. My suitcase was around 30 lbs over weight when I went there and 32 lbs overweight on the way back. Don鈥檛 make this mistake. I did get t wear most of the things I brought and all the pairs of shoes, but so could have done without. Here are my recommendations for your suitcase:a)Several bathing suits 鈥?you will spend most of your days in thisb)A wrap of some sort or a beach dress (they wont let you into any restaurant just in a bathing suit, esp. bikinic)A pair Flip-flopsd)1-2 (max.) pairs of high heelse)Count the amount of nights you will be there. Subtract -1 for the 1st night you will be there, you will be so tired after the flight and relaxed in this new atmosphere you won鈥檛 be in the mood to dress up. So, that number is the number of 鈥渘ice鈥?evening outfits you should bring. That鈥檚 it. Seriously. f)Bring minimal makeup, you won鈥檛 need much. A little mascara, eye shadow and a little lip-gloss. Like a dummy, I brought WAY too much.g)Same with jewelry, the safe in the room is only so big. Make sure your documents and electronics fit in there with your jewelry.MEDICINE TO BRING-Again, I over did it with this. But here is what you need (just a recommendation, bring more if you feel better about it)-Pepto Bismol or Immodium for the stomach and鈥?br/>-some headache medicine-band aids (just in case)-antibacterial cream for cuts and scrapsLast notes: -Bring plenty of sun screen or oil WITH SPF! Our friend got very burned. -The sun isn鈥檛 too aggressive, we used SPF 6 and we are all pretty light. But the second you don鈥檛 protect yourself (our friend bought oil without SPF, they got very, very burned). -Keep hydrated at all times. -Try the free water sports- lots of fun.-Always wear a hat. -REMBER, the water from the faucets in the bathrooms is not potable!!!-HAVE FUN and don鈥檛 STRESS ABOUT ANYTHING!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LEXRED
<Content>Beautiful But Disappointing! We just returned from a week at the Riu Palace Punta Cana (july 7th-14th).The hotel is gorgeous, amazing beach and pool area,the staff are very friendly and are eager to please. what we found extremely disappointing was the food and entertainment! We are from the New York/ New Jersey area where we have some of the best restaurants in the world so we know good food. We were not expecting great food,but the food here was pretty bad. The breakfast buffet was the best.Plenty to choose from you don't go away hungry.Lunch was o.k. salads,hot and cold dishes, the best things at the buffets were the fruit and desserts, excellent.We went every night to a specialty restaurant which were fair at best. Most people we spoke to agreed the food was about a 5 on a scale of 1-10. On a good night maybe a 6 for the Japanese restaurant. The Brazillian restaurant was horrible. We saw many people leave before the dinner was over.The Italian restaurant Luigi's was also baaadd!!! These restaurants were not worth lining up for every morning by 8:30 to make a reservation!!! We had a beautiful room, very clean there is a musty smell but that's the beach! We still had a good time, not much night life but very relaxing!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>s_jaxfan
<Content>beautiful resort .......but....... The property it self was excellent!!! Absolutely beautiful lobby, rooms and bars. Staff very helpful, when they could speak english.The pool was plenty big... Ocean and beach were off the chart wonderful!!!! One trip from the resort i would do is the don lucas tour, it is free... see how to make cigars, hassle free fair shopping, and does not take more than an 1.5 hours...I do agree with a little of the smell, but no big deal.. febreeze and candle you good....The only bad ... the food ... very predictable and not very good, also the standing in line for reservations is not what i want to have to do at 8:30 am on my honneymoon... The best resturant i found was the brazillian, and we did go to all...And they do mean it men about long pants even at buffet!!!!A little secret for meeting new people, when you make your reservation, make it for 4, that way if you meet someone by the pool or beach, and they did not make res.. you can invite them along..I have never been a place as pretty or decrotive as this one... but of all the resorts i have been to .. quality of food the worst and selection... This is the only drawback to this resort.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stars4erin
<Content>LOVED RIU Palace Punta Cana This property is Beautiful!!!! The most clean and beautiful beach I've ever seen. Here's the short of it from a 20-somethings perspective...-Service, beach rooms are wonderful-beds are a bit hard-food is ok, if you're not picky you'll always find soemthing to eat, my food snob boyfriend ate the whole time, but still remebers bland food.- get a taxi to the resort when you arrive, no stops you'll be the first there.-Remember the trouist card, you'll need cash on arrival.-the airport is crazy busy, small, and the bathrooms are grose. PEE BEFORE YOU LEAVE THE PLANE!!!!! I HIGHLY reccomend this place, I've told my parents they must go!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OnirBrooklyn_NY
<Content>The Truth about the Rui The place I rate a 3 out 5. Hotel decor was beatuiful and the beach is faboulos but other then that not much else good to say. The food was terrible and the alcohole was watered down but I understand it's an all inclusive but at least change up the menu every other day. The same items were put in the same spot every day which just gave it that getto feel. This place is good for anyone who likes to stay on the beach from 9 am to 7 pm everyday. As far as me going back , I doubt it. Listen I called for a wake up call my last day for 8:30 am and I got it at 8:50 am. Its things like that, that show me that thr Rui is still lacking that complimentary, 5 star luxury class. People were not friendly or happy at all, they didnt give me that relaxing, smiling, happy feel that I expect when on vacation. Im a NewYorker soI know what stress is and to be there and have them give me attitude was more then enough. I dont want to sound like it was terrible because it was still better then being home do nothing. But for me to sit here and tell you that it was off the hooks and I'm going backnext year would be a straight lie.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	4	1	3	

<Author>Lalita9
<Content>Met expectations I just came back from Punta Cana last night. We stayed for 4 nights. My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary and we're both 28-years-old. Before I go on with my review, I must let you know that this was my first time in the Caribbean and first time at a resort (my family did not vacation much, or at all, really). So technically, any vacation is great at this point - but I am VERY picky.I'll start from the very beginning. We arrived at the Punta Cana airport around 3pm. As you walk out of the plane and form a line to get into the airport, they make you take a picture with a woman dressed in traditional dominican garb (which you can later pick up on your way home at the airport for $8). They'll have everyone's picture up when you're back at the airport. The arrival part of the airport is small...you pick up your luggage and walk out to the Tour Operator stands. We found ours (Prieto Tours...went though Liberty Travels) easily and ended up on a small bus/van that was really, really old. There was no A/C and the seats were practically broken, we were all sweating like hogs. Luckily, we got a brand new van that took us back to the airport so it sort of made up for the beginning. The drive is anywhere from 25-40 minutes long...depends on whether your driver is dropping off people at other hotels or not. The drive is not very scenic. DR is a poor country, so you don't get to see beautiful homes or anything (I have nothing against that...just describing it objectively).Riu Palace Punta Cana is definitely very beautiful as you drive up to it. We tipped our driver as that is not included in our package. The bellhop took our luggage (you just place a sticker with your room number on it). As we were checking in, a lady brought us drinks (punch) and it was very, very yummy actually...so I was impressed.Our room was 1018, on the first floor, facing the garden...nothing special to look at...but then I didn't care much for the view anyway...I prefer the beach. Our room was exactly as one of the travel agents has described here on Trip Advisor recently. I agree, the double bed thing is a little annoying. We ended up sleeping only on one bed.This is the part of the hotel where I was really really annoyed. The mattresses are funky...they have this plasticky feel to it and every time you move, it makes a plasticky sound...I'm a light sleeper so it really bothered me every time my husband turned in bed at night.Also, everything smells in the room. Granted, its the caribbean and there is too much moisture everywhere, so they really can't do much about it. But still, it bothered me way too much, especially sleeping on the pillows. In fact, we had brought extra beach towels with us and I ended up placing the towels over our pillows because they smelled so funky. Nothing is dry there...even the bed sheets felt moist. I think they turn up the AC like crazy to keep the moisture to a minimum.The bathrooms are clean. The shower water was a little on the cooler side, but if you shower after 10am and before 6pm (the times when most people are not taking a shower), the water temp is just fine.I have absolutely no complaints about the property...beautifully decorated buildings, lovely fountains, great swimming pool, swim up bar, good music during the day, amazing beach.The food is a different story though. I had read the reviews here already so didn't have high expectations. My husband and I are both vegetarians though, so I knew it would be even tougher. I had a VERY HARD TIME trying to get anyone to understand what vegetarian means at the specialty restaurants. The waiters at the specialty restaurants did not speak good English, nor did they understand what I was saying, even though I kept repeating No Carne y no pescada (no meat and no fish) and I have a good Spanish accent. We went to the buffet the first night as we arrived late and normally you have to make a reservation between 9-12am at the Italian restaurant for any of the specialty restaurants.We went to the Italian restaurant the second night and ate disgusting dry green pasta with cream...alfredo sauce. My husband asked for marinara sauce, and I think he got something that looked like ketchup. The next day we tried the Japanese restaurant, which was a little better. We asked to get only california rolls for sushi (it took two tries with two waiters). We got some tasty vegetables for our main course and dessert was gross. Its the same dessert options as at the buffet.The buffet is your best bet ...you can at least see what you're getting. Again, since we're vegetarians, I can only give you that view. But honestly, the meat didn't look too appetizing either (I used to eat meat before).I did not think the waiters/staff were rude. They were pleasant and willing to help. The language barrier is a slight problem, but they really do try.Nighttime entertainment was poor. We'd stick around for a comedy show for 20-30 mins after dinner (you can do dinner at 6pm or 9pm only at the specialty rest's, btw). We did not venture to the other Riu hotels (which are walking distance) to see if there was better entertainment or if we were even allowed to attend there.I would highly recommend taking additional tours. We did a snorkeling tour with speed boats through Prieto tours and totally LOVED it. My husband has been snorkeling in costa rica and said that DR's snorkeling was the best. We also did the Jeep Safari all day tour. It was so-so. I really loved driving through the countryside (it is not necessarily pretty, but I really love seeing how the natives of a country live, so it was fun for me). My husband had to driev though b/c I don't know stick shift. The only thing about the safari was that it was a long day, and you get very, very dirty so be prepared. I think half a day would have been ideal. We did get some DR coffee from a place we stopped at during the safari. We also tasted some fruits and had a buffet lunch at a beach on the trip. During the school year, you also get to see the kids in school, but the kids were on summer break right now.It cost us roughly $300 to do the safari and snorkeling for two ppl.TIPS - I did not feel obligated to tip the bellhop or hotel staff as gratuities were included in our all-inclusive package...but you can tell that they sort of want you to tip. We did of course tip the snorkeling people and drivers as that is not part of the package.Like I said, I have never been to the Caribbean or a resort until now, so my rating is based on my expectation and not the past and I think it met most of the expectations, but did not go beyond. I would rate this as an average resort. Sorry for the super long review, but I just got back yesterday and wanted to write a fresh review.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Daisybuc
<Content>dangerous beach My 15 year old daughter and I were run down by a parasailing boat behind the riu palace. the hotel does not protect its guests. the boat was at full speed going through kayakers and paddle boats, close to the hotel swimming area. I nearly drowned and my daughter was critically injured almost dying. the hotel did not warn us of the danger. the boat left us in the water without helping. Beware! of the untold dangers.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tblack1919
<Content>Great hotel Here is the truth on this hotel....Airport: Ran smoothly and didn't take that much time to clear customs. Does cost 10 dollars to get into the country and is free to leave.Hotel: Awesome. Everything is kept in amazing condition. Very immpressive. Rooms are nice and air conditioning works well, however, given that you are in the carribean EXPECT it to be humid. There are some slight odors around the hotel from it being muggy. But once again, you know what your going into when you pick the dominican or any tropical vacation for that matter. I think it is by far the most over talked about aspect on this hotel. After reading the reviews I was worried so I brought one of those glade plug ins air fresheners and there was no smell in the room at all. Food: pretty good...definately better then that of the other all inclusives i have been to. Its not the best food in the world... but its enjoyable.... if you have picky eaters in your group, send them to the buffet! theres always something to eat there.Excursions: -Would highly recomend the Quad excursion...it was alot of fun..-Horse back riding: wasnt very impressed... we were told that only 10 people would be in are group and we had 40 and not very many guides.. so if you dont know what your doing......may not be the relaxing get away you hoped for.-The hotel offers kayaks, paddle boats, wind surfing, and little sail boats for free, but you have to make your reservations a day ahead of time so if you want to do it keep that in mind The only nightlife are marginal shows and the casino located at the Macao. There is a shuttle that runs between the 2 hotels every 10-15 minutes from infront of the lobby.All in All it is a nice place to go....go relax and enjoy not being at work or school. Few pointers: tips are not required, but these guys work like crazy and a few bucks goes a long way...Also, at the bars, call your top shelf liquors and they will give it to you, if not they will just give you the local stuff.Only complaints: -not much night life at all! So if you are interested in going out go the the riu palace in playa del carmen.. same exact hotel except theres alot of bars to go to less then 5 minutes in a cab.-Pool was really hot, but we didnt get very much rain and when the sun is shining and its 90 outside... theres not much you can do to keep a pool cold  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eddy6
<Content>disability viewpoint My family and I just got back from the Rui Palace Punta Cana hotel. I have MS so use a wheelchair. This is a fabulous place for someone using a wheelchair. They have accessible rooms and the regular suites have doorways large enough to get into the bathroom, although there is a tub. The hotel is fabulous with brick walkways between all the hotels. Getting into the restaurants was very easy. They have ramps in the hotel plus elevators so you don't have to book on the main floor as you do in most places. Also have accessible bathrooms near the pool which is very helpful. You can shop onsite at their Caribean Street stores and they bring the market right to you at least twice during your weekly stay.The beach is fabulous with tons of shade. There is a market about half an hour walk down the beach which also has a water taxi that you can take back if you are tired. They wanted $15 but I got them down to $10. Flying into Punta Cana was a breeze, they used a seat to roll me to my chair on the plane and also to the washroom. They also had 4 guys carry me off the plane in a special chair, scary but it worked! There are people in the airport to help wiz you through customs and take care of your luggage. Tips help a lot along the way! I would recommend this hotel to anyone using wheelchairs or walkers.My husband and daughter had a wonderful time parasailing, sailing and scuba diving. Some of the shows are a bit dorky but you can go see another one at the other resorts. So check the board and see what the show is at each place every night. We had lunch at each of the different hotels and used their pools. Ours was definitly nicer but the other pools were a lot cooler. When we go to the Rui Hotels we enjoy staying at the Palace since it give you access to all the hotels and the Palace is just gorgeous! Well worth the extra money.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>052795
<Content>loved the palace there were 17 of us from ages 16 to 70's , including 5 teenagers we had a great time, the staff our wonderful and attentive , resolving any minor issues quickly -ex ran out of kleenex, asking for more towels, filling up frig with pop/beer, etc. Room service was also great --very quick and accurate. the staff at the pool bar were also great and freindly (never had to wait long for anything)If there was a language issue, they would ask another co-worker who knew english to translate. The rooms were clean and the maids do the room in AM and PM. the funniest thing is that there were 3 of us who are extreamly picky eaters ( two vegetarians) and even at the specialty restraunts they were able to accomodate us. If you cant find anything to eat, there must be something wrong. They had a wide selection of every type of food at every meal. the hotel itself is beautiful and clean. The only negative thing i would have to say is that the shows were very bad--and not much to do in the evenings --but the teenagers found there own things to do like hang out in sports bar and play pool etc.. overall the resort is laid back and very relaxing. There was never any issue getting a seat at the pool or on the beach. i would advise this hotel to anyone who wants a relaxing atmosphere. the beach is beatiful and water a pretty blue.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>madams84
<Content>Does not compare.... This hotel just does not compare to my last two vacations to Secrets Capri Riviera Maya Mexico. The staff is not that friendly (well, more friendly than American staff, but not nearly as friendly as Mexico). The food was horrible for what we paid...I can get better buffet food at home! We are not used to having to wake up at 8am to make reservations for dinner everyday...so that was definately a negitive aspect to our stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. The hotel only has ONE kind of beer...and it is NASTY! A couple we met in the pool paid $75.00 for a case of MGD because they couldnt stand the beer offered. On the plus side, the pool is nice, and the beach is amazing. The beach is better than Riviera Maya, it doesnt have rocks. The weather was beautiful too. It rained at night for an hour or so each night, thats it. Overall, if I hadnt previously been to a Secrets resort...I would say the Riu was great, BUT since I have see the finer end of an expensive vacation... I would reccommed to EVERYONE to book with Secrets any where you can!!!! OH, and we LOVE traveling with AppleVacations.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>BiggtoneSanAntonio
<Content>What A Place!!!! As many of you do, we read all the reviews on The Palace. My wife and I stayed 10 days (June 6- 16). We have to say first off that If you can't enjoy your life now don't go on vacation and complain.From the time you reach the front desk until the time you leave this great hotel has top service to respond to any question or incident you may have.We can't say enough about the level of service we were provided. Grade A all the way. The grounds are always at there best DAY or NIGHT. take your camera and take those pictures. You will not be disappointed.The food, WOW! enjoy your on a vacation folks. we ate at the buffet mostly but did enjoy the Italian and Japanese resturants.The beach and the pool. I don't think anyone person can say enough. They are what they are! This is why you go on vacation to begin with. Meet folks while your in the water. We met people from Germany, England,France,Belguim and the US. I personally don't know any of those foriegn languages but I had a great time trying. I will say I do know a lot of Spanish.The room whata view! We were next to the pool on the first floor we asked for an upgrade and got one. Never hurts to ask! Yes, the room does smell musty but if you read any of the advise given this should not be a problem. We took several plug in freshners and this worked out fine. As one person wrote your in the caribbean:) Just keep drinking the RUM!!!The staff. My wife and I have to give a special shout out to one person Carlos the bartender at the sports bar. Folks go see him Tell him BIG TONE FROM TEXAS SAID HI! and yes this is an all-inclusive but these employees make very little money. I make a point to tip where ever I go. You don't have to. The service is great if you do or don't. I do because I feel that if I am being taken care of and made to feel that I am truly on vacation they should be tipped! As I was in the pool I would be asked by people we met how much do you tip. my responce is $2 or $3 for the maid every day. The Bartenders $3 or $4 while at the pool. The bell men $1 per luggage. This is just me you do what you want.Friends: We met some great people and all were from other parts of the world of course the US also. The Palace is a great place to stay everyone has already written and will write up reviews of there stay. Go and have a great time!! Your on vacation to get away, do just that. Have FUN and if you feel that you need to complain stay home don't waste your money. All in all we had a great time. I would HIGHLY recommend The Palace. We would go again in a heart beat. If you have a question your more than welcome to give me a yell at Tamartinez@aol.com  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caribbeanlover34
<Content>Total RIU-laxation! We stayed at this hotel from June 14-20. If you are looking for relaxation, love the beach, and the sun... this is the place to go. Rooms are very clean, plenty to drink and eat everywhere you go, and excellent service. One thing to keep in mind: I've read reviews in which people complain about getting food poisoning. Since there are so many things to choose from, sometimes you tend to over eat, and mix a lot of different foods (and drinks), and that's when it happens. Try to keep a balance between what you eat and drink, and you should be just fine. We thought the food was excellent for an all inclusive.I was a little worried about the weather, since the forecast was predicting a lot of rain, but that wasn't the case when we arrived. We had beautiful, HOT weather during our stay.There is always something to do around the pool/beach during the day, and at night they have shows (not like the ones in Las Vegas) but, guess what?... you are not in Vegas! These people work very hard to deliver good service and entertainment, so in our case we enjoyed every aspect of it. I wasn't expecting to be blown away by a Cirque Du Soleil type of show... just wanted to relax, have some drinks, and have quality time with my hubby.Want to know a secret? If you want to buy gifts/souvenirs there is the flea market on the beach (you will see them when you walk out to the beach, and look to your right.... yes, those little houses on the beach) they have all kinds of gifts, t-shirts, etc. for a fraction of the price of those sold at the hotel. It is worth the walk (probably 45 minutes to 1 hour one way, from the hotel). Don't let them intimidate you (as each one of them want to sell you something), and bargain with them until you get what you want, at the price you want. If you don't like the initial price, let them know and pretend you walk away. They will ask you how much you are willing to pay.I went with my husband, and ended up buying the necklace that I wanted for $20USD (price at the hotel was $70USD, believe it or not).The day before our departure we went to the Eternal Spa and got the Honeymoon Package ($250. per couple), and we simply loved it! They have different packages and prices... it is just something that helps you prepare for your journey back to reality (make sure you book this in advance).Yes... we tipped ($2.00 every day for the room, and $3.00 in the restaurants) they don't expect it, but it is appreciated. I was surprised that some people tipped even more, which is good.Overall, the experience was great, and we can't wait to go back. We were king and queen for a week! Be considerate with others, don't be picky, relax.... and enjoy! That's the secret to a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smoky812
<Content>absolute paradise Where to start....upon arrival you are greeted at the desk with a drink (non-acoholic). This is an amazing lobby, as well as the rest of the property, beautiful stained glass, flowers everywhere, tall statues and art pieces everywhere. The first thing impressing, safe key is included at no charge. It did not take long to get the luggage to the room.The room We had room 0114....groud level....beautiful room. I did try to start something in this room, there is some paper folded on top on the liquor dispenser with a small greeting, if you stay in the room look for it and leve your own greeting for the next person. the room was did have a musty smell upon arrival and was damp. i think one of the main things of the dampness is the air conditioner....it gets sooooo cold. turn it up to about 22 degrees celsius and it stays comfortable without all the moisture. the beds are firm and it is 2 doubles pushed together. the balcony overlooked the courtyard and its amazing fountains. the turn down service is a nice touch as well. also extra towels delivered each night.The food To start, i am not a picky eater. we ate in the buffet every night and was never disappointed. There is one thing....men, take long pants, as they will turn you away in shorts.there is ribeye on the bar almost everynight and is very good. there is also theme nights which are very good different foods.the staff here is wonderful. they are willing to go out of there way to help with anything. for the women, there is not alot of shopping. 3 nights a week vendors set up in the courtyard. these vendors are not extremely pushy. dont be shocked by there inital prices......very expensive. as i found out from the apple rep, dont pay more than 20 percent of what they ask. dont be offended or pressured when they offer you something for free...usually a cheap necklace. take it and add it to a childs souviners.the trip to santa domingo was nice, well worth getting up early for. we also took the marinium snorkle tour...not much too see and very crowded. about an hour of snorkling and the rest mostly riding on the boat....the crew was very entertaining and make a great coco loco.if you want cigars ask the front desk to call don lucas cigar factory for you. they will pick you up at the motel, and show you the process in making cigars. now i know why they are not cheap. great english speaking guide as well.this is a great place to stay, you get all the benifits, except dinner of the other riu properties within walking distance as well. any questions please feel free to ask, i will try to answer them.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jeff11
<Content>3 Star at best. Some quick points to help you decide if you think this is the right spot for you...1) If you are used to good food - Don't stay here. We are from Philly area orig from NY area and the food was not good. Pretty much the same food at every restarurant. We found that the MANY Europeans that were there enjoyed the food and even some of the American's (mostly outside major cities and especially not from the North East) did as well. 2) The staff was not that good or friendly. We stayed at the Secrets Excellence in Rivera Maya, Mexico and the staff was much much better. 3) Apple gave this resort 6 Golden Apples and I would agree the beach was spectacular and the pool was great as well and even the building was beautiful but that's it! 4) Their was NOT any top shelf liquor. 5) The rooms smelled very musty... I know it's because of the humidity but they were bad. 6) Beds and bedding were not good...well not 6 golden apples good... We stayed at the Sheraton Suites in Philly the night before we left and that bed was nicer!7) You need to get in line each morning before 9am to make reservations for dinner and they only had two seatings...6:30 and 9pm... 8) Don't expect good bar service at the beach EVEN IF YOU TIP! The Dominican's (as far as I'm concerned) are VERY LAID BACK and don't really care about you. Mexican's would give their shirts off their backs for us when we were at the resort in Mexico. 9) Don't expect good beer and don't expect any bottled beer on beach... little cups of beer that get warm if you don't chug it down. 10) NO BOTTLED WATER! In the room they gave you a gallon of water that you got every two days... we were expecting bottled water to bring to the beach... nope... we were thirsty and we had to go to the bar and get 4 oz plastic glass of water. 11) Many peopled loved this place but I guess we just expect a lot especially when Apple gives it their HIGHEST rating! I would seriously give it 4 apples at Best (out of six) and would certainly not make them golden apples. 12) We orig booked the Riu Palace Macao and that place was a joke... I would give it 2 apples... we left after 2 hours and went to the palace. The pool was horrible and the lobby was open air so we were sweating like crazy waiting for our room. I don't understand the ratings on these sites... This hotel was not great... yes we enjoyed ourselves but that's because we enjoyed the beach and the pool... other than that we were not pleased...  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>lc_8181
<Content>We didn't want to leave       our room  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>shannon8r
<Content>hated it... horrible service.. beautiful grounds but stay sucked! My vacation was june 3-10th.the initial problem was the first leg of our flt to miami was cancelled. we stood in line for over an hour to get the first leg reconnected. We had no notice that this flt was cancelled even after checking the website at 11 pm the nt prior to our flt.when we arrived in punta cana, we were not aware that hotels were so far away. our cost was $37 by cab which i found very expensive.The Riu Palace Punta Cana was where we stayed. Although, the hotel itself is very beautiful, the staff was EXTREMELY RUDE! we were initially put in a king room when we clearly stated we wanted 2 separate beds. We waited an additional 20 min for them to find us a room that accomodated our needs( and rudely did they do so). The rooms were mediaocre .Nothing special. Certainly not 5 star as stated. The beds were TOO FIRM and the room very musty .The food at the resort was average and the drinks DID NOT meet the standards I am accustomed to.. there were no premium alcohols as stated . The waitstaff was very rude and slow in their service... almost hateful at times.The specialty restaurant servers were also rude . The gift stores/ sundries were EXTREMELY overpriced.. $5 for Pringles and $3 for a single gatorade!!!! ridiculous. The gym was ridiculously under- equipped and the spa personnel was not very friendly (except Ava). All in all, not a good experience. I will never return to punta cana! I travel the caribbean on a regular basis and NEVER have I received such poor service for the accomodations and expectations I paid for!  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------See what's free at AOL.com  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rjare
<Content>Very nice place to visit The Good:Maid service is great. Rooms are well kept. There was no unpleasant odor(s) that had been described by previous guests. Wait staff is great, friendly and very attentive. Added praise goes to Claudia, Julianna, and Joel. Bartenders are pretty good, not the friendliest I've ever seen, though they are very very busy. Front desk staff is quick to resolve issues, most were pleasant but a few were not friendly. Two of the excursions were well worth the extra effort; safari and shopping. In all, hotel service was EXCELLENT, 5 Stars.The Bad:The tap water is not drinkable. The food was mediocre at best. It was edible but don't expect gourmet dining. I'd give the food 3 out of 5 stars. My cousin had continuing intestinal problems the last 5 out of 8 days. The entertainment was very amateurish. On an island of ~4 million, there has to be some great entertainers there. But we didn't see any. There was a young lady with a beautiful voice, but she was background to a skit. Expect karaoke, a patron dance contest, and lots of lip-synching to old musicals. The dancing by the entertainers was very good. Overall, I'd give the entertainment 1 out of 5 stars. The deep sea fishing trip was lousy. I don't think the captain and first mate knew what they were doing. I fish quite a bit. This trip was a $110 boat ride.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lmeAbingdon_MD
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       Hotel at night  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>myvacationlady
<Content>Very long review We stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana for 7 nights from June 4-11, 2007. This resort is just over 1 year old and is by far the nicest and most opulent of all the Riu properties in Punta Cana.As a travel agent, I look at resorts a bit differently than the average guest. This is a very long review. I hope you find it helpful. If you have any questions, you can email me directly at mindy@myvacationlady.com. We visited 14 properties while on this vacation so I have lots of opinions on which resorts might suit certain people. Check InDriving up to the resort is like driving up to a stunning white palace. It is very impressive to see from a distance. Arriving at the resort is just as impressive.The lobby is air conditioned (a definite plus and unusual for Punta Cana where most are open air). It is filled with comfortable seating areas, all of the tour operator representatives, a gift shop, a large and welcoming piano bar, and a sports bar with slot machines, pool table and the internet caf茅. The check in was fast and efficient. We were given a 30 second introduction to the resort by one of the front desk representatives and were handed a map of the Riu properties on a map. We were given 1 key for the room (on a large plastic key ring with the room # on it), a key for the safe on a long cord and were told to come back for towel cards. We were given a sticker to put on our luggage to have it delivered to our room but the bell hop was free and took it as he showed us to our room (sort of- he got confused and ended up taking us to the wrong floor).Rooms-We asked for a courtyard view room (as opposed to a standard gardenview room) and were given room 1104, which is on the same level as the lobby. All rooms are junior suites- with step down to a sitting room with a sofa, coffee table, dresser and TV. There is crown molding, tray ceilings and dark hard wood furniture. The floor is tile with area rugs around each side of the bed and in the sitting area.The balcony is a nice size with 2 cushioned chairs that recline, a plastic snack table and a drying rack which is attached to the side wall. The balcony is private on both sides with solid walls separating them from the neighboring balconies. The bathroom is large with a high step in jetted tub/ shower. There is a double sink with lots of room. The vanity is higher than usual which might make it a bit difficult for children or short adults. There is no drawer space or medicine cabinet but plenty or room on the vanity for putting personal items. The beds are the major issue with these lovely rooms. The options are 1 king or 2 doubles. The 2 double beds are pushed together (with separate sheets and blankets) but only has 1 headboard. This bedding set up may cause issues with families or guests who may not want to sleep side by side. These beds can not be separated by a night stand to create privacy. The other issue with the beds is that they are hard as rocks. One guest equated them as sleeping on books. I felt that sleeping on the floor would have been more comfortable. For a brand new and deluxe resort, I would have expected comfortable pillow top bedding. I spent the last few days on pain killers since my back was killing me. Each room has a mini bar which is restocked every 2 days with water, sodas and beer. Right above the mini bar is the Riu signature liquor dispenser. There are 4 bottles (gin, vodka, rum and something else) inverted for the guests to use throughout their stay.If you can, ask for a courtyard view room rather than the standard view room. The courtyard view rooms have a lovely view of the fountains rather than of other hotels. The courtyard view rooms may be considered to be the superior rooms vs the standard rooms and may command a higher room rate.Pool and BeachAlthough the pool looks small for a resort of this size, it was never really crowded since the beach is to so gorgeous. The pool is at the far end of resort, closest to the beach in the middle of the property (between the 2 buildings). It has Jacuzzis on either side with a large swim up pool bar. At the other end, there are a dozen or so tiled loungers in the water. The pool is not for diving-the entire pool was only waist high. Unfortunately, the pool water was so warm that it really wasn鈥檛 refreshing and you would need to go to the ocean to cool off. Just in front of the main pool is a large round pool. It is not a kid鈥檚 pool, nor it is a Jacuzzi. It was rarely used so I鈥檓 not sure what it is used for. It is shallow- maybe only a couple of feet deep. Around the pool, lounge chairs and umbrellas were plentiful but since this property is so new, the palm trees provided very little shade and the chairs around the trees were at a premium.The beach is beautiful! It is wide and deep. The water is a stunning shade of turquoise. The sand is powder fine and white- not hot to the touch. There are a good number of trees to provide shade and there are plenty of lounge chairs. Since the beach is so beautiful, there were more people there than at the pool. ***The one suggestion that I would make is to bring your own beach towels. Since the hotel only provides 1 per person at a time, and they are all the same color, it is much easier to spot your lounge chair.FoodOverall the food was good, not great. The buffet restaurant was pretty comparable to any other buffet restaurant. It is air conditioned, which is a plus. The wait staff was fast and friendly but most of the food was drowned in a sauce or butter. The breakfast buffet was plentiful with a cereal bar, fruit bar and bread table. Their breads were wonderful. Lots of cold cuts and salad items that Americans probably wouldn鈥檛 eat for breakfast. Don鈥檛 miss the smoothies- they were very good! You can get made to order omelets but it is the same person making large omelets and cutting them into portions. He is right near the eggs and he will make an omelet made to order. There was never a line for omelets since no one could find him. Dinner at the buffet was mediocre at best and is best avoided, if possible. The restaurants- our favorite- the Gourmet- Sir Oscars, then the Steakhouse, Japanese, Brazilian and last the Italian. (We are from NYC- you can鈥檛 compete with NY Italian food). Dinner reservations had to be made between 9am and 12 noon at the Italian restaurant for that night. The line started at about 8:45 am but wasn鈥檛 terrible.The lunch buffet got pretty redundant- always pizza, burgers, fries and the salad bar. I day they had a pasta station and another day there was a paella station which was very good. We ate at the steakhouse most days for lunch since it is closer to the pool and beach. Room service was delivered quickly. The menu was ok and delivery is from 7am to 11pm. Their 24 hour snacks at the sports bar is a joke- Hot dogs, hamburgers and nachos that can be heated up in a microwave. EntertainmentPlease keep in mind that we are cruise people and are used to good entertainment. This can鈥檛 compare. The Animation Team did the same dances to the same music daily. The daytime activity schedule is posted on a board outside the theatre. I would have preferred it in writing- especially since it doesn鈥檛 change day to day, it could easily be handed out with the welcome package. Since many of the guests are not American, and English is not their primary language, all activities and shows are announced in 4 languages- Spanish, French or German, English and then another. Their accents are so heavy, that even when they are speaking English, it is very hard to understand them.The shows in the evening start at 9:45pm with a 15 minute ice breaker- some games with some audience participation. The only evening show which was decent was the Sunday night show- Cabaret. Most of the others were so bad we ended up walking out on them.The casino is located at the entrance to the Riu Palace Macao which is about a 15 minute walk or a 5 minute shuttle ride away. The blackjack tables are a $10 minimum. Roulette was $5. Lots of $.25 slots- but lots got stuck mid way during playing. I was hearing a lot of bells going off and 1 person won $1000 in the slots while we were there. Beware a scam game that they try to sucker you in with a 鈥渇ree鈥?$10 chip. There is no name on the game and they try to keep you playing by changing the rules with their money until you are 鈥渟o close鈥?to winning the jackpot and now have to use your money. This is not a property that I would recommend for families. There is a small kids area with a jungle gym and tiny pool. I never saw any kids there and never saw a children鈥檚 staff. Although there was a kids activities list posted on the activities board, unless they were hiding the counselors, I never saw any kids participating in any organized activities.The spa is lovely- although we didn鈥檛 get to use it. I did walk through it. I honestly don鈥檛 remember seeing a fitness center on the property. I can鈥檛 imagine that they don鈥檛 have one but since I wasn鈥檛 looking to use it, I really didn鈥檛 pay much attention. Travel Agent Summary:This property is gorgeous and will be even better when the foliage on the trees grows in a bit more. The staff is eager to please. Some speak better English than others. This is not a resort for Americans who expect to be will lots of other Americans. The English speakers were in a minority the week we were there. It is also not a property for families. We saw other properties in Punta Cana which would be better suited for families. I鈥檓 not sure if I agree with the Apple Vacations rating of a 6 Golden Apple. There were other properties that I thought were more deserving of that rating. Who would I recommend this property to?-Honeymooners who don鈥檛 want much in terms of activities-Older couples-Those who like a more European atmosphere-Beach loversWho would I not recommend this property to?-Young singles who want a lot of action-FamiliesWe saw a total of 14 properties while we were in Punta Cana, and there were others I liked more and others that I liked less. We stayed at Sunscape the Beach 2 years ago and although the beach was no where as nice as the Riu's, we liked the Sunscape better. After seeing all the other properties this time around, I feel confident of being able to recommend the right property to my clients. That is what a good travel agent will be able to do.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>smarty2pop
<Content>Beautiful, Peaceful, Pure Relaxation Riu Palace Punta Cana was an unbelievable experience. Upon walking in you are greeted with some sort of fruit champagne, which tasted somewhat like papaya. The overall atmosphere was, to say the least, romantic. Upon walking in you are faced with the most beautiful array of island flora, the ceiling in the front entrance area is stain glass and the chandeliers are enormous. In fact everything, furniture wise, is enormous. Vases that stand 5鈥?鈥?or taller, marble top tables, mirrors 10鈥?by 10鈥?or bigger, everything is BIG. The rooms are very nice, with stocked portable bars, refrig, and beverages. The only draw back was there was a slight moisture in the room, whereas if you didn鈥檛 remove the top covering of the bed, your linens may be a little damp, therefore I would suggest doing so as soon as the beds are made, giving the air conditioner time to draw out the slight dampness you may feel on the sheets. But then again, you are on an island, and that can be expected.The food was plentiful, and good, it was a little different though鈥or instance: I fixed a small helping of, what I thought was fried potatoes, which in fact turned out to be fried bananas. But hey, When In Rome鈥he Italian Restaurant was great, bruchetta, bread drippings, pizza, and their linguine was fantastic, and I鈥檓 Italian, take it from me, it wasn鈥檛 bad. The steak house was great too, I don鈥檛 care much for oriental food, but for those of you that like it, you have a huge variety to choose from, the salad bars are great and the service is unforgettable. You want for nothing鈥?P.S. Long pants are needed for dinner only, for the men only...women you can wear what you want....Ya!!!! My kind of place.With two open bars, I went for the coconut drinks, oh my god; it tasted like a frothy milk shake!!! Ok, so much for the diet鈥? diet before going is all I can say. Their peanut colatas, and margaritas are to die for too. They have slot machines, not many though, about 10鈥ou have to go to the main casino, which a short shuttle ride in. And the shuttle is like an oversized golf cart, the open air and scenery is great, the ride itself is nice, you don鈥檛 feel all cramped and closed in. And winning, oh my, who gets three 7鈥檚 on three different machines鈥 DO!!!! YeHa!! I made about $300 or $400, which I might add paid for my tours, and that was on quarter slots. That is unheard of鈥?The sun is brutal鈥nd unforgiving鈥? forget tanning lotion鈥? pack 45 blocks鈥?that is all I can say. I never burn, always tan. So on my first day, as I was passing all the people lying under the palm trees I thought NOT ME, I WANT DIRECT SUN. After one hour I found myself a beautiful maroon color. I couldn鈥檛 wear anything for two days, it eventually turned tan, but the pain was unbearable in the process鈥nd that was only 1 hour!!!!One tour I found very enlightening was the Culture Tour. You got to visit a coco plantation and test taste coco, coffee, etc. You got to visit a home of one of the Dominicans, and see the schools in which the children attend, it truly brings to light how fortunate all of us are to have running water, inside bathrooms etc. They tell you on your next trip out if you wish you could bring coloring books or crayons for the kids, this is a true luxury to them. The site to this tour is www.outbacksafari.com.do you can go there and look under the categories under 鈥渉elp the needy鈥? it tells you more about it. I myself will be shipping over some school things for the kids, for they have nothing, not even a bus, they ride donkeys in to school!!! They have no sporting equipment anything. If you have any kindness in your heart, you will make this tour and take the time out to hand a few coloring books or crayons out. It would be like Christmas to the kids. I regret not knowing about this, and not bringing something to make the kids day. The children nevertheless would run to the windows, wherever you go, just to wave.If you鈥檙e looking for peace of mind, rest, and relaxation, this is the place to go. With the generous people, the powder like sand, and turquoise waters, you can鈥檛 go wrong, hope your trip was as good as mine. AND DON'T FORGET COLORING BOOKS!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CINCINNATI37
<Content>The Riu Palace is a "true Palace" My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace from June 2nd - 9th. We had read many reviews and were somewhat skeptical. However, upon arrival of the Riu Palace, any concerns we had instantly disappeared.The rooms were very clean, food was great, variety of restaurants, decor in lobby gorgeous, fantastic beach, and the people were extremely friendlly...we could go on and on about the Riu...but remember some people can never be satisfied. This Cincinnati couple was truly impressed with all aspects of the Riu.Thanks Riu Palace and Apple Vacation for making our vacation a dream come true.Please do not hesitate to go to this resort...this was a TRUE PALACE.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happy_away
<Content>Great Getaway First time traveler to both Punta Cana and Riu Resorts. The Riu Palace, Punta Cana, was a pleasurable experience. The hotel itself is a year old, and everything appeared to be in tip top shape. Prior to leaving for Punta Cana, we read reviews which provided negative information relating to the Riu and a mustiness smell. However, our room was a junior suite with a balcony. No smell was detected while in the room, nor upon entering. The staff was pleasurable, the food was above average for an all inclusive, and the hotel itself is in immaculate condition. The pool has a swim up bar, and is very large. The beach has lounge chairs interlaced with palm trees, which are used for shade. Bring long pants if planning on staying there. They are needed for dinner at almost all the restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ericapeace2000
<Content>Great Relaxing Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana and we had a great time. My boyfriend got a little sick towards the end so I would advise people to be careful with the seafood. Pros- Hotel itself: The hotel is absolutely gorgous. We had our own hot tub on the roof of our room. The place looks like a palace. Everything is very clean and beautiful. I did not smell anything in the room as some people mentioned in the reviews. The dinner restaurants were decorated wonderfully. It shocked me how beautiful the hotel was. The trees and flowers were fabulous. There were signs everywhere. This hotel is also culturally senstive in that the menus and signs were in many differnt languages.Staff: The staff at this hotel is amazing. They must have checked on us 5 times a day to make sure we had everything we needed. They are very appreciative of anything you say or give to them (we tipped). We were treated with the utmost respect. Our refridgerator was always restocked with beer and water. We never had to ask for towels. The room was cleaned each day and the maids decorated our room with some flowers. Our tour representative was very responsible and very friendly.Food: I know people complained about the food but I thought the food was great and I am a very picky eater. I especially enjoyed the Italian restaurant and the Steak House. The buffetts were good too, a lot of variety.Pools and Beach : Service at the pool bar was fast and there were plenty of chairs for everyone. I know people complained about that in their reviews but I never had a problem finding a good seat at the pool or the beach. The beach was amazing. The pools had all sorts of tables built in and lounge chairs built in to sunbathe. The staff walked around with drinks on the beach and at the pool.Cons:Entertaininment was limited. The pool staff tried to entertain you at the pool with dances. The shows were fun for a while especially the Michael Jackson one. They often had a band playing in the courtyard area and people did dance but it was very low key. If you are looking to party, this is probbaly not the hotel you want. There is a discoteque and casino but you have to walk to another hotel next door. The bars mostly close at 12 except for the sports bar. If you are looking to relax, this is a great hotel.There are a lot of older people and Europeans at this hotel. If you are looking to socialize and meet people, this may not be the hotel you want to stay at. For us it was fine. This hotel is for people who live very stressful lives and just want to relax. Food at the Sports Bar needs improvement. I did get sick of nachos. You cannot wander off the resort area. The country is a poorer country and wandering off the resort area is potenially dangerous.I would also recommened the Marinarium Booze Cruise with snorkling, swimming and lots of booze! We had a blast. All in all, this hotel is a great choice to slow down and relax!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SonMgn24
<Content>I truly love this!!! Just beautiful!! 05/30/07 鈥?6/4/07We just came back from our trip to Punta Cana鈥?and it is just beautiful.. Don鈥檛 let all the bad reviews confuse you. The hotel is just beautiful and they do make you feel like VIP. I was a little scared from reading the reviews but when I arrive at the Riu Palace I truly fell in love with it. It鈥檚 a huge gorgeous hotel. It was four of us and we are all almost 30s and we had a blast... Sometimes it all depends on the type of person you are so you can have fun... It鈥檚 not true when people say you have to find your owen way and take your stuff NOT TRUE鈥?you are greeted great and I seen other people coming in and getting the save great greeting that we did. Everyone was very nice and friendly (again if you give people attitude you will be getting back as anywhere you go) We relax and enjoyed every bit of it. The pools were nice we love the drink yes they are fruity drink but we enjoyed it. The food was good too and yes it鈥檚 different but again you鈥檙e on vacation and in another country so the food is going to be different. You have to make the best of it and not complain, complain, complain cause for sure you will have a horrible time. The smell in the hotel, yes it鈥檚 moist but HELLOOO you鈥檙e in the Caribbean so come on!!! It鈥檚 not that bad... The people are very friendly and yes a tip goes along way (like everywhere else) so I would recommend take a couple of singles cause unfortunately sometimes they don鈥檛 have change so just to be safe take change. Yes you have to make reservation for the restaurants, is not bad at all you are going to get up anyways :O) so I recommend Sir Oscar loved it. Don Manuel for breakfast was not bad at all either鈥?We had so much fun just walking a long the beach and stopping at every bar and drinking a long the way. That鈥檚 the fun part of staying at the RIU the five hotels are next to each other so as you are walking along the beach stop from some drink. You cannot leave Punta Cana and not trying the MAMAJUAN it is a good drink it has a unique taste but I can say you haven鈥檛 been to Punta Cana if you don鈥檛 try the MAMAJUANA鈥?try it!!!! And ask what鈥檚 in it, I鈥檓 sure you will laugh to hear it (specially the men). We had no complains about the hotel and service again we paid a lot of money for it so we enjoy every bit of it.. We relaxed in the pool.. Yes the entertainment can be a lot better but oh well we are fun people so we had fun in our own ways. Excursion - We did the RTV鈥檚 you have to do it!!! It was a lot of fun I recommend getting your own and just trying it.. Awesome adventure.. We did the Soana Island the boat ride to the island was just beautiful relaxing, if you get sea sick they are options were you take a speed boat to get there.. On our way back we return in a speed boat it was fun!! You are speeding with another boat and then they take you to a part of the ocean were the water is only 4 feet high and you see starfish.. The water in Punta Cana is just amazing I have been to a lot of place in Mexico and this just beats it all鈥?. AMAZING!!!We did the Speed Boat adventure on our own (two people) you get to ride the speed boat and the snorkeling FUN!!!!The shopping for all the non speaking Spanish people let me tell you, they will tell you that they are going to give you a good price and they give you $150 or $200 for painting maybe 2 or 3 if you are buying trust me you can go all the way down to $25 for each painting (BIG paintings) they wont let you leave so they will go very low so just keep on bargaining鈥?Also telling them well I really only have $30 or $40 it鈥檚 yours... The paintings are very pretty but you can bargain. They told me that this necklace that I wanted that it cost $65 I bargain until I got it for $12 so word of advice bargain. They have cool paintings.The walk to these little stores that are in the beach is about a 35 minute walk no need for you to pay for a boat ride of $35 or $45 round trip you can walk it trust me save your money. The painting will be wrap so you can carried them and plus you will enjoy your walking on the beach more. I can go on and on about what a wonderful trip we had, cause we really did so don鈥檛 let does bad reviews give you any doubt about the hotel or the Punta Cana. You are there to enjoy it so make the best of it. Again it鈥檚 not the hotel is not the people, is really how much of a FUN person you are鈥? You are there to relax and have fun!!! SO WE DID!!I鈥檓 being very honest about my trip loved Punta Cana, Loved the hotel and the people where great鈥? I Loved Punta Cana and I can鈥檛 wait to go back鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>belle21
<Content>Horrible Honeymoon We went here for our honeymoon, photos looked beautiful. The resort was nice but the staff were HORRIBLE. If you want to be treated like an outsider this is the place to go. The moment we got there we were treated poorly. Not sure why, if we were too young? We are almost 30, newly weds and so excited to be here. But that was not the case. The manager was even rude. He did not get anyone, let alone ask, if we needed help to our room. We had to find it ourselves. No one can speak fluent English so it is so hard to communicate. The food was very poor. The rooms were nice BUT I feel being in another country, let alone on your honeymoon, you would expect to be treated WELL. WE were treated very poorly and I feel one of the most important things is SERVICE and you pay so much money not to be treated Ignorantly! I would NEVER EVER recommend this hotel or any RUI for that matter to anyone. I definitely reported all this to my travel agent and the resort!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Brady's-mom
<Content>Food is horrible I just got back from Riu. The hotel is beautiful. Room is nice. I am washing my clothes right now because of the smell. Beach was outstanding and so was the pool. I did think the service was good. I did think they always expected tips all the time, which is annoying. Food was really crappy. I am not fussy but the food was horrible. Drinks were fair. Where was the top shelf liquor ? Wines tasted like vinegar, except the red. They didn't have Kahula or knew what it was. I have stayed in a Secrets in Mexico and several Sandals. Riu has nothing close to the food, service , hospitality, or drinks they serve.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Eliz1980
<Content>Loved the Riu!       view of resort @ night  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ceci5510
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana Excellent Hotel and Great Service My husband and went for our vacation May 18-23. We stayed at the hotel Riu Palace Punta Cana. Great service, very clean hotel and excellent food. The beach was just gorgeous and the hotel offers great ammenities. The Spa was excellent!!! I got to go every day to have a massage I eally love it. I will definitely go back to the same hotel. The bedrooms are super clean however there is a little smell it is becasue of the humidity-but not a big deal. each room has its own air conditioner so you will not feel it as much. I will definitely recommed this hotel to couples an adults not to children, because a lot of the women go to the beach w/o their tops. It is a fun place to be!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveToTravel087
<Content>Odiferous I stayed at this resort for 1 week (from 27May07 until 03Jun07). My initial impression of the resort was really great. I had high expectations since this is a new resort and because of the 6 Golden Apple rating. The minute we got into our room I knew we were in for a long week. The odor was unbelievable. I have stayed at other resorts and have never had this issue before. I washed all my clothes when I got home and they still smell. Does anyone have a tip for getting this odor out of our clothes? All of the gifts that we purchased are so stinky that we can't even give them as gifts now.I would never stay at this resort again. If you are looking at places to stay in the Dominican Republic I would suggest you look elsewhere. I did check out other rooms at the resort and they had the same issue. Yuck.We did two excursions: Outback Safari (Great time!) and a trip to Santo Domingo (not worth the money). Punta Cana does have beautiful beaches and that was the highlight of our trip.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>PASTWAY
<Content>The Casino is fixed. The Resort is Beautiful! I will start from the very beginning. I booked with Expedia. It鈥檚 usually the best price. The only thing was it dint come with transportation to the Resort. Nevertheless the taxi cost $35 for 2 people. It is about a 30 minute drive. The Hotel is beautiful. The decor, the style, the materials; everything is just beautiful. The hotel is very clean. There is cleaning staff at every corner around the clock. Tip your housekeeper a little every day and they will leave you treats and surprises. Use the safe, because I heard things do get stolen. Bring tip money. The hotel does not have change. The breakfast is superb. The other meals aren鈥檛 that great. I was impressed by any of the restaurants. The whole reservation process is annoying too. The pool and beach is excellent and the service over all is great. Although the food wasn鈥檛 the best it was definitely worth the money. I recommend daily excursions. One in particular that I liked the best is the Safari/Plantation/local culture tour. The tour guides are awesome and mix and serve drinks from the back of a moving truck. Pretty insane! Next door is the Riu Macao. It was a small casino. Don鈥檛 play the game in the far left corner with a wooden wheel. It鈥檚 a trap. A BIG EXPENSIVE TRAP!There is also a club in the Macao. The music is pretty good but a lot of the staff goes there after work. You decide. Overall I recommend the Riu Palace.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcouncil
<Content>Great Resort...Horrible Food My husband and I recently vacationed at the Riu Palace Resort. The beach/pool were great! The grounds and our room were impeccably clean. The staff was extremely friendly and always very helpful. The beds were a little too hard for our liking however, after a few drinks...who cares?My only disappointment with this resort was the food. I could not believe that such a beautiful resort would serve such horrible, tasteless food. Out of pure desperation and hunger, I ate enough french fries to feed a small army. Moral of the story...don't go to this resort expecting delicious food.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasSunseeker
<Content>Nice Resort but!!! My husband and I along with 4 other friends stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from 5/18 - 5/25. The Palace is very well appointed and kept very clean. Yes there is a problem with the smell of the rooms. We took along febreeze which seemed to help but the smell is still in our clothes even after washing them once we returned. We did have washcloths the first 4 days but could not get any more after that even though we tipped $3 per day to the cleaning staff. From what I gathered they only had a very limited number of washcloths available so not every room received them. The staff is very friendly and most helpful. We loved Octavio at the pool bar and Pablo who served us our drinks each day at the pool. Marie Cruz in the main bar was always there to make sure we had everything we needed. Please remember to tip the employees. They work 14 hour days and make very little money. Very few people actually tipped while we were there. Of course the buffet did get a little old after a while, same things every morning and at lunch. Evening buffets were a little better. We tried the Italian (which we thought had the best steaks on the property). The Steak House which is is where lunch is also served disappointed all of us. The gourmet restaurant was excellent in our opinion, loved the Grouper. From the reviews we had read we were pleasantly surprised with the food.Punta Cana is not the place to go if you wish to do something after 8:00. Punta Cana is not a town but a lot of little pueblo's, so if you want to do any shopping it is basically nonexistent. Caribbean Street at the Riu Macao is a joke. We found better deals at the shops on the Palace property. Of course the beach is the prettiest I have seen and totally unspoiled. We did nothing for 7 days but lay on the beach and at the pool and came away with great tans. We have stayed at Riu properties for the last 3 years and for the amount of guests they accomodiate they do an exceptional job. The Palaces are always spotless and someone is always cleaning or working on the grounds. Do not waste your time going to Captain Cooks. They charge $50 US per person for a platter of langostino, shrimp, and fish that is cooked so long you can't even eat it. Of course, this price does include all the beer or sangria you want. Also the food was covered with flies when the platter was set on our table. The platter was lined with banana leaves and gnats were swarming out of them as you removed your food from the platter. We tried to just order lobster but it was $140 US. They tried to tell us that the lobster was imported to the island which we know for a fact is not so. This was Caribbean rock lobster as one of our party is from Cuba and knew the difference. I understand that we are in a third world country and yes there were flies around the food at the Riu but not like this place. It made for a most unpleasant experience.We spent a morning going to the new mall in Punta Cana. Hard Rock is not open but Tony Roma's is. Also there are only about 30 shops that are open and most of them sell high end clothes only.All in all we enjoyed out stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana but with other more intresting places to go to I doubt we would ever return.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orangenwhite
<Content>Overall Good Vacation My wife and I vacationed at this resort 05/19-05/26. A little background, I am 29 years old and have been to numerous Caribbean destinations. I will list the good and the not as good. Good 1. Visually stunning resort. The lobby, the grounds, the rooms, everything looked amazing.2. The ocean was one of the best I have been to. The water was beautiful and the sand was soft and white. The loungers in the palm trees were my favorite spot.3. The staff was very helpful and friendly.4. The food was better than I expected given the reviews I read. I am not saying the food was great but we enjoyed many of the restaurants (The Gourmet and Italian were our favorites).Not as good1. The room did have a musty smell. We have not experienced this strong of a smell on any of our other vacations to the Caribbean. We did bring candles so it was manageable.2. The pool is small. I assume this is because the beach is so nice they assume most people will not be in the pool. 3. The nightly entertainment was pretty bad. I wasn't expecting Broadway quality but I was expecting a little more. 4. Waiting in line for reservations every morning. We never had to wait long and we always got the reservation we wanted but I still think this was unnecessary.Overall we had a good vacation and did not let these small issues bother us. The resort is a nice vacation for the price.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Donna Louise
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana Beautiful Resort! We've been to the Dominican Republic 5 times.Twice to La Romana and three times to Punta Cana.We've always had a wonderful time but Punta Cana's beach is far better for walking.Don't be afraid of some of the bad reviews for the Riu Palace.It is very beautiful and we thought the food was very good. We did prefer the buffet over the restaurants. We only tried the steak house and the gourmet. Basically, you get the same food as the buffet but in a more romantic atmosphere. Whatever is leftover from the restaurants usually goes to the buffet.One review I read said they couldn't believe people ate cold cuts for breakfast...well, you failed to mention that they also had every kind of eggs, bacon, sausage, pastries, pancakes, donuts, french toast, fruit and it goes on and on.The people are also wonderful and attentive.The only complaint I have is, yes, there is a smell in the rooms.Kindof a cross between stale cigarettes and musty. I did bring lysol to spray and it didn't help much. The pillows were the thing that smelled the worst. I did wash all the clothes when we got back, but I would have done that anyway. I think I would try fabreeze next time.All in all, it is a fabulous place with good food, fantastic beach and a beautiful facility.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJCaribbeanTraveler
<Content>Very Average My girlfriend and I (ages 26 and 30) stayed at the RIU Palace for 5 nights from May 22 to May 27. We have been to Puerto Plata, Santiago, Santo Domingo, and La Romana before. It was our first trip to Punta Cana.Here's the good: The hotel itself is very beautiful (our driver proudly remarked how it resembled the US Casa Blanca). Check in went smoothly and the front desk staff spoke good English. You'll realize the grandiosity of the RIU when you see the other resorts in the area.The room itself however was a disappointment and smelled of a powerful musty odor that didn't go away the entire trip. The beach was very nice, yet very rough and full of seaweed. The pool was ok but was small and the jacuzzi was not really a jacuzzi. The service was good overall. You could always get a drink when you wanted and most of the staff truly was pleasant. The Bad:The food was terrible. Meats are bland and salty and there is no variety in the buffet menu. There are also 5 restaurants in addition to the Don Manuel buffet. This is a joke. All the food comes from the same kitchen so the salty piece of fish you get at the buffet will be the same one you get at Sir Oscars or Luigi's or anywhere else. It was actually remarkable how bad the food was for a 4-5 star resort. To make matters worse you needed a reservation to get in to these establishments. You wont find one caribbean or Dominican dish served either. This was the biggest disappointment for us. My girlfriend and I were craving some authentic comida criolla but we couldnt find any. We were told there was Dominican night on Saturday's but we ended up having fried chicken and fries. Also, they only serve two types of wine at the RIU- Spanish and Italian. Both are extremely cheap and disappointing to anyone who likes wine.The entertainment was non-existent.It is a shame b/c there is a nice stage and theater that is truly wasted. There was no good live music. The RIU could have just booked a decent Latin band to perform jazz/salsa/merengue all night and we would have happy. Instead, they had staff jump and dance around on stage like fools and called it a show. The Africa night was offensive on many levels which I wont go into here. Calle Caribeno, or Caribbean Street is also disappointing. It is a chain of stores located between the RIU resorts and is extremely bland and overpriced. We found good artwork and souveneirs at a cigar factory in the city that was worth the trip.  Excursions:We took an excursion to Altos de Chavon which was nice. Athough our Prieto tours rep told us we'd spend at least 2-3 hours there, we only had about 40-45 minutes there with about 6 hours travel time in between. The bus also was rear-ended on the way back with two of the passengers in the back getting hurt in the process. We also went 4 x 4 off-roading which was a lot of fun. The secluded beach they took you to was amazing. The best Ive seen in the DR. However it was very dangerous b/c the staff has you drive on the highway to get to your destination and a downpour ensued which basically blinded us while driving. In general, the excursions are not organized well. There is too much time getting to where you need to go and too much selling going on all along the way. Overall, the Resort was average at best. We had a good time spending the days with each other but wont go this RIU again. The food and entertainment are just too bad. We would give this resort about 2.5 stars. If you do decide to go, dont stay more than 2 or 3 nights. It gets tiring very quickly.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Captairborne
<Content>Great Place! My Wife and two other couples satyed for a week and truly enjoyed it. We travel every year to Riu resorts and never have a problem.The food was great. I think everyone enjoyed the bufffet. plenty of selection for everyone. If you can't find anything to eat stay home and eat hotdogs! We never were without a drink. Tipping goes a long way. We spent about $600.00 in tips between three couples. The bartenders would see us comming and would have our drinks ready. Remember, They work 12-14 hrs a day for very little money. If you can afford to go to a resort you can afford to tip at least little each day.Now for the negitive....EUROPEANS. Very rude in buffet lines. Trust me they won't run out of food before you get there so cutting is not necessary!!!!!!Also if you weigh 200+ lbs YOU DONT LOOK GOOD IN A SPEDO!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please spare us if you can't see below your belly, we certianly don't want to either!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You can come down and have a good time without cutting in line and acting like you are better than everyone else, or everyone is here for you!My rant being said, We had a great time as always and love the RUI resorts..The palace treats you like royalty.When you go check out the lobby bar in the evening. Maria Cruz is wonderful. She will take very good care of you. Always with a smile.Check ot Octavio and Pablo at the pool bar also. Great drinks and service. Remember to tip every now and then!Go enjoy you will not regret it.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sunshinelover2007
<Content>great vacation My boyfriend and I just returned from a 7-day stay at the Riu Palace.To help put this review in perspective, we are in our early 30s and very seasoned travellers, especially of the Caribbean. Things that were amazing: the hotel was simply beautiful (extremely clean and truly a palace!), the entire property was very well-manicured and cared for, and the staff was awesome. They were happy, super-friendly, and always eager to please. The pools were busy but never too crowded. The bartenders at the pool bar were a lot of fun, especially Octavio, our favorite. The beach was great with soft, powdery sand, very comfortable chaise lounges, and enough space so that you didn't feel claustrophobic. We had massages at the spa and we definitely recommend taking in this luxury. Our room was decent-sized and clean (could have been a lot more spacious, though.) Yes, there is the typical Caribbean smell/odor, but that's pretty common in the islands. What could be a lot better: the FOOD! I think, in general, that the food at all-inclusive properties tends to be just okay, and this is no exception. We dined at Luigi's and the Japanese restaurant. I have to say it was rare that we actually really enjoyedour meals. Also, the beds were very hard. We got used to it, but it was very firm. Finally, the entertainment needs major improvement. They seemed to be trying very hard and it certainly wasn't for a lackof effort. All that said, the great things far outweighed the not-so-good aspects of the hotel. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and had an overall fabulous time.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mysterygal2
<Content>Dont Believe everything I would start out by saying I have travelled many places and to enough resorts to let you know that there is always a whiner...This Resort is alot better than what you read before me...you are on vacation if you want it to be like home then stay home...the smell you hear is only present in the evenings when the humidity is high and all you need is to burn a candle for an hour and it is back to normal...yes when you go home the smell comes home but every resort brings home an odor....as for the food some meals are better than others just like your mothers...as for the shows I have seen some great ones at other resorts and some of the same as well...I have done Cuba many times, Dom Rep many times , Bahamas and Mexico...this is overall an eye catcher and very pretty probably one of the prettiest and you dont have to shuttle to go out to eat or get to beach like other places sometimes....everything is there and beautiful...please remember you are on vacation and there are alot more whiners out there than laid back vacationers...have a great time and the weather is beautiful...for a rainy season it was a dream.....the only negatives that are worth mentioning is the Grilled Steak ala carte was pooch and the activity around the pool is quieter than most....I was wanting alittle more activity and music...overall I miss it :(  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jeffica
<Content>Georgeous Resort My husband and I stayed for 2 weeks at the RIU Palace Punta Cana for our honeymoon  also celebrated my 30th birthday.We had read alot of the reviews before booking, and was quite surprised by all the negative feedback. I do not take those reviews seriously as everyone has different taste in what they like. I have stayed at many RIU resorts and have never had a negative experience.The resort itself is gorgeous. We found it to be an older crowd, which is what we were looking for. Peace  Quiet.Yes there is a musty smell in the rooms, but what do you expect, its the caribbean. It was the same in the hotels in Mexico also.The rooms are spacious  the beds are hard, but you get used to it after a couple of nights.The pool and beach are great. We went for a relaxing vacation, so we spent our days at either the beach or pool. Both were clean, and the staff come around and serve you drinks. It was a nice touch.The food was also great. The buffet has something for everyone, whether it be pizza or seafood, you can find something.We made reservations at 4 of the 5 restaurants.The steakhouse was great, our steaks were done to perfection.The Gourment Restaurant (Sir Oscar) was fantastic! We went there twice.The Japanese was ok, but what do you expect, you are not in Japan. It was totally edible, just not what we are used to. We enjoyed it all the same, we were on vacation, why complain?The Italian (Luigi's) was also good. The tirimisu was amazing!There is no nite life other than the shows (we did not watch any), so after 10pm, its pretty quiet.The Spa was amazing. We booked a Honeymoon Treatment with Jean, and it was great! Seaweed body scrub, body wrap, romantic jacuzzi for two with bubbles and candles, then a full body massage. It was wonderful.Also, at the back of the Spa (go past the reception, to the very back of the spa, and go into the change rooms, there is a doorway that takes you into a seperate room with two pools. One is quite cold (but awesome after a day in the sun) and the other is a hot pool (not good if you hav any sunburns), but just as great.A total hydeaway that looks out to the ocean. Gorgeous!The only little excursion we did was parasailing. It was $85US but worth it. It was a lot of fun.Overall we had a fabulous time, the champagne flowed, and we took advantage of that. All in all, I would recommend this resort to anyone. If you want a quiet vacation, this place is perfect. We would go back in a heartbeat.Enjoy!  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stlouisvacationer
<Content>very disappointed We stayed the week of 5-13-07 to 5-20-07. We have stayed at numerous all-inclusives, so we have alot to compare it to. Check-in went very smoothly. Very pleased with that. Staff was very friendly and helpful.The beach was beautiful, the hotel itself was beautiful, but the rooms had a terrible smell that was absolutely disgusting at times. The swimming pool is very small for a resort that size. There are plenty of chairs and umbrellas though. The maid service was ok, she kept forgetting to put washclothes in the bathrooms, and sometimes came very late to clean our rooms. The food was pretty bad. It was not very appetizing at all. In fact, I ended up eating pancakes for breakfast and pizza for lunch everyday because those were the only items halfway decent. The restaurants we ate at were the Italian (terrible), The Steak House (good) and the Brazilian (good). We tried numerous times to get reservations at The Gourmet Restaurant, the only time slot was the 9:00 seating.( Even though I was early at the reservation desk, and one of the first 15 people in line). The drinks were good and the liquor dispenser in the room was nice to have. The entertainment was not very entertaining. Only one show we liked, and that was The Michael Jackson Show. The staff was very pleasant, no complaints there. The resort itself is beautiful, the artwork and decorating is truely like a palace. Everything is kept very clean. Again, the beach was beautiful, prettiest I have seen, but I would never go back to the Riu Palace or recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ILLovetotravel
<Content>Horrible Mold Problem This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The food was horrible but the worst problem was the mold. The hotel was built during the hurricanes and they obviously dry walled right over the wet insullation and lumber. The smell was very strong while staying at the hotel and when I inquired at the front desk they totally ignored my complaint. Upon my return I dry cleaned and aired out all of my things including shoes, clothes and my suitcase for over a month and the smell still did not go away. Even my passport and credit cards smelled. I had to throw everything away. When I contacted the hotel they did not respond therefore I contacted the corporate office and after three months they responded with an excuse about this being normal for the caribbean. I travel to the caribbean often and I have never experienced anything like this. One has to wonder what health issues these conditions are causing for both the tourist and the employees of the hotel. In all I would not suggest visiting this hotel but if you do, plan to throw out everything that you bring with you.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>semostud13
<Content>Lovely Beach, Lousy Food My family and I (4 of us) went to the Riu Palace Punta Cana the week of May 13 - 20. Overall I can say we had a good time at this resort, but if we were to compare it to other resorts we have stayed at either in Mexico and Domincan Republic, this resort would be in the bottom.Check-in - Went by really quick. We had an early flight and they actually gave us our rooms early. It was very organized unlike other resorts we have previously stayed at and before you knew it, we were in our room after a long day of traveling. Pool - It was very tiny and crowded at times, especially around the pool bar area. Although, they did have nice little jacuzzi sections that you were able to go to and relax at. There were plenty of lounge chairs spread across the pool area, but you have to get there early to get a shaded spot.Beach - The beach was lovely. Gold sand and crystal blue water. The waves were good and everything about the beach I loved. I always found somewhere to lay at (most of the time being in the sun). Weather - Amazing! I guess it was a great time of year to go. It only rained twice and that was at night time. I got a bunch of sun and when I came back, I was very tan.Grounds - The resort was beautiful. It was luxurious and felt very ritzy when you first enter the palace'. If you go they're, you will know what I am talking about. The grounds were kept clean at all times.Rooms - Very cozy. I didn't like the fact that they had a firm beds, but got used to it. They have a liquor dispenser and mini bar in the room that they keep stocked if you want to have a few drinks when you go out or get back from a busy day. The maid kept our rooms nice and clean; overall she did an amazing job cleaning up the rooms and there was no complaints.Entertainment/Nightlife - Terrible! The only good show was a Michael Jackson show they had and that is probably because the person that was impersonating Michael Jackson didn't work full-time at the resort. There was a lady entertainer named America they had (part of the entertainment staff) that had absolutely no clue what she was doing the whole entire time. When they would dance up on stage, she didn't even know what to do. The only good part about the entertainment were the icebreaker/audience participation shows they had. The dance club they had there was not that fun (spent five minutes there). Casino - Not that much fun, very small. It felt like they stole all of my money each time I played and I only played on slot machines.Drinks - Very good. I would reccomend a Bahama Mama; very tasty. If there is not enough liquor in your drink, I would reccomend just asking the bartender for more.Food - Terrible, terrible, terrible. Same selection at the buffet each night i t seemed like. The Italian Restaurant was just beyond disgusting and the service was horrific. The steak house was pretty good; had a good ribeye there as well as the brazilian restaurant. ---- I would recommend those two restaurants. We tried several times to eat at the Gourmet restaurant, but each time we tried to get a reservation, they only had 9 PM available. Who eats at 9 PM? The food made some of my family members sick, I on the other hand was fine the whole time (thank God). Sports bar - About the only nightlife they have at this particular resort. There are some slot machines in there and the staff is very polite. Orlando (the bartender at night) was awesome. He knew what my brother and I wanted everytime we sat at the bar and did a great job. It is open 24 hours, so if you want a late night snack, they have hotdogs, nachos and cheese, etc. for you to eat.Overall, I did have a decent time at this resort. I don't think I will go back to it, but it was nice to just get away and relax. I just wish the food and entertainment could of been a bit better. Hope I helped out in some way to some of you and if you go to this resort, I hope you have a great time.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ruwhour
<Content>Riu Palace- Everything I wanted and more!!!!!!!!!!!! ******       Quick Shot of the Hotel  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Banana_Pancakes
<Content>The Beach was Great... the food and the bed's not so great...!       beach shot from the room  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>anc239
<Content>Honeymoon in DR My new husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace for our honeymoon the first week of May. Two years ago we went on vaca to Cancun and stayed at the Cancun Palace, honestly we prefered that over the Riu Palace Punta Cana. Most of what we read on the reviews was true...smelly rooms (we took candles and that was perfect), hard beds, food got super boring by the 4th day, and there is NOTHING to do after 10pm. However, if you are going on a trip to lie on the beach, read a book, relax, and enjoy a beautiful beach, I would recommend Punta Cana...not this resort in particular. I know that the Bavaro resorts are known to be a bit nicer...so I might recommend pricing that.If you are young and like to go out and party a little bit, I would not choose Punta Cana as your vaca/honeymoon destination...it's definitely for an older/relaxation oriented crowd.If you would like to visit Punta Cana, 7 nights is really too long! Most of the people we met were there for 5 nights and that seemed to be perfect.Hope this helps in your decision making process!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>buttercookie
<Content>2nd stay here, just as fabulous! This was our second stay at RIU Palace Punta Cana. The first time it was my husband and myself, this time we brought our 9yr old and our 11 yr old boys. We all had a wonderful time! We arrived on May 6 and stayed till the 13th. Check in was fast and we soon had a room and went to change to visit the pool. When we entered our room there was 1 king bed and a sofa bed. We thought the boys would be more comfortable in a double bedded room so we went to see one. It is 2 double beds pushed together. No problem for us, but the boys thought sleeping on a sofa bed was 'cool', so we took the 1st room. We had a view that overlooked the lobby of the RIU Bambu next door. Our 1st stay was an ocean/pool view. This time, maybe because we were not directly facing the ocean, it was not as humid and musty as last time. A spray of Lysol soon cleared that up though, but mustiness is to be expected in the Caribbean. The pools were fantastic and so is the ocean and beach. We split up our days by spending the morning by the pool, when that becomes too hot after lunch, we headed to the beach. It is much cooler with a great breeze on the beach. The bartenders would walk around with drinks and juices for everyone. The most amazing part was that the bartenders by the pool bar remembered us from 6 months ago! They saw our faces and just remembered! I had heard about drinking redbull and rum so I ordered one. Our fav bartender, Zaul, said they do not have redbull but he would get some and give it to me. That same day after he had returned from his lunch break, he had a 6 pack of redbull with him, that I later learned from the other bartender, Octavio, that he had went to the supermarket himself and bought with his own money. That just amazed me! I drank that redbull and rum for 3 days even though I didn't particularly like it, just because he went and got it and hid it in the bar area just for me. Everytime we walked past he always had a 7-up with no ice for my 9 yr old, and one with ice for the 11 yr old. I should say that my 9 yr old is special needs with Autism. There is no word for Autism in Spanish, but everyone did catch on and treated him and us very nicely. He has severe food aversions also, and will only eat a few select foods. Whenever we went into an a la carte restaurant, my husband would have to go into the buffet and bring him his plate of french fries, yellow cheese and red jello. None of the wait staff or anyone else for that matter looked at us funny or said anything about that. It made all of us very happy and relaxed that the staff was so understanding about his special situation. We ate at the Italian, which has the best steak out all the restaurants, the Brazilian, which had excellent barbequed meats brought to you tableside, the Gourmet, which had excellent grouper, and the Japanese, which had very good sesame blackened salmon. We all ate very very well. Breakfast was always very good, with many different choices and always a cold glass of champage waiting for the adults. The kids enjoyed coco puff cereal, pancakes, bacon, and fruits everyday. I did make them chocolate milk by putting some chocolate syrup by the pancakes into a glass and pouring cold milk in it. The kids loved it! Lunch is served either in the main buffet or in the AltaGracia pool buffet. Either is terrific with lots of salads and grilled cheese sandwiches, hot barbequed meats and vegetables and the never ending ice cream. Dinner at the main buffet was always full of carved meats, potatoes, and all kinds new things to try. We enjoyed the food because it was different, lots of things we just can't try at home without spending a fortune at some ritzy bistro downtown. The same wait staff that we see at breakfast and lunch is the same that serve dinner also. These nice people work many hours everyday and do deserve to be tipped. We even tipped the cook at the lunch buffet for making our son a grilled cheese with only yellow cheese. He looked shocked that we gave him a few dollars, but he was also very appreciative. Our room was cleaned everyday twice a day, the maids were constanly sweeping and polishing everything around the resort. The gardeners used macheti's to cut grass and pull weeds. Everyone everywhere was greeted by a friendly Hola everytime you were passed by. We were all very dissappointed that we had to leave. My 9 yr old even cried because he was so sad and wanted to stay here. We will definetly return. We also did go on the Outback Safari tour and felt that it was a very good learning experience for us, as well a fun time. It is completely appropriate for kids. There was a little bit of toplessness on the beach, but before we went we explained to the boys, in a very matter of fact tone, that this is not America, and that this is what people from other countries do, and that it is no big deal. Neither boy ever looked, stared, pointed or said anything. It really was no big deal. I am very glad that they met people from all over the world. It really broadened their horizons and opened their eyes that there is a world outside the Chicago suburbs. We will go back as soon as we can.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PrincessJola
<Content>It was good       view from the beach  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>major001
<Content>Rui Palace punta cana Just got home from a 7 day trip to Punta Cana, May 4-11th. This was our second trip to Punta Cana and our first at the Rui Palace Punta Cana. The good and the bad. (there was no ugly). The room was beautiful, the property was very clean, the service was great. (that is the good). The food was ok , several of the specialty resturants were good (italian, sir ocsars, Japanese) and several bad (steak house, brazilan) The buffet was always good and we always found plenty to eat. The only bad was the activities. We stayed previously at Sunscape the beach and there is no comparison in the energy levels. Sunscape was high activity and always something going on for all ages and levels of activities. The Palace was much more reserved and low key. We are in our mid 50's and enjoyed the sunscape more the the Rui Palace.(stuffy) However, the beach was much nicer at the Rui and it was nice to be able to go to the other Rui properties and enjoy their facilities as well Both properties were well worth the money (apple vacations) and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend either one. Any questions just e-mail me.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Damfarm
<Content>Awesome friendly staff who work very hard, Beautiful Beach. You'll be pleased.       The Lobby  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SCgirl01
<Content>Nice, but would not go back My husband and I honeymooned April 30- May 7 at the RIU Palace. Upon arrival we were amazed and very excited with the beauty of the hotel. Our excitement ended shortly when we were sent to the Sports Bar to eat lunch as it was the only place open when we arrived. Our lunch menu consisted of refrigerated hamburgers and hotdogs that you nuked in the microwave (if you were brave enough to try them) and very stale tortilla chips and nacho cheese. The food did not improve at all for the rest of the week. By the time we arrived back home we had both lost weight from a lack of food and were excited about eating at Wendy's. Almost all of the food, with a few exceptions at breakfast, was disgusting and smelled very bad. You had a choice of specialty resturaunts if you did not want to eat in the main dining hall but you had to be in line daily by 9 am to make reservations for these resturaunts or else you would not get a reservation. This made sleeping in impossible. You also had to wake up early to get your beach towels from the towel person and then run out to the beach and save chairs or else you did not get one for that day. The only food that was half way decent was the club sandwich you could get from room service. Men are also required to wear long pants to dinner. Our travel agent did not tell us this but luckily my husband packed some pants. We saw many people turned away from the resturaunts because of this. The choice of alcohol was also very poor. Our travel agent told us that we could get top shelf liquor and any kind of beer we wanted (foreign, import, domestic etc.) which was to be included in our all inclusive package. The liquor was not top shelf and you had to ask for it to be put in your drinks. If you didn't ask you got virgin drinks. The only beer available is Brahma beer (very gross imitation of PBR). If you want any other beer you have to buy skunky Bud Light or El Presidente for anywhere from $2 to $4 in the gift shop (depending on who works the prices change so that they can pocket the extra money). The room was nice but smelled like my grandmothers basement, very musty. Everything stayed wet the entire week but that is to be expected in a tropical area. The hotel was absolutley gorgeous, picture perfect, as well as the beaches. The staff was also very nice. People working outside of the resort (and some in the resort) were just out to get your money. Shopping is not fun at all because they try to scam you. The prices of everything you try to buy are very expensive ($5 for a can of pringles). Non motorized water activities which are listed as all inclusive were hard to do because although they were free you had to pay $25 for lessons. If you told them that you did not need a lesson then they would make you reserve whatever water craft you wanted and you could never reserve it for that day because they were all full (even though they would sit empty for hours on the beach). There is also a lack of night life. Some of the shows were very strange as they had little kids singing and doing the bunny hop as your evening entertainment at the bar. We made the best of the trip and did not let these things ruin our time but I would not stay at this hotel again. Some people we met who were at other resorts said that they had good food and drinks and really liked where they were staying, so this has not completely turned us off from going back to the Dominican Republic. I recommend before you go anywhere, do a lot of research.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	3	1	

<Author>Bob_the_Fireman
<Content>Great Holiday ! though a little work needed on entertainment and room service Holiday period 23/04/07-07/05/07We had originally booked the Riu Bamboo but a combination of a shoddy room (cigarette burns in the bedcovers, broken tiles in the bathroom, threadbare sheets) and very drunken, noisy neighbours caused us to upgrade to the palace next door. Santiago was very helpful on the front desk giving us a very good price to upgrade so, after viewing a room we snapped up his offer. The difference was amazing 1.Room cleaned every day instead of every other day2.Room service included in the all inclusive package ( and breakfast in bed )3.Famous branded drinks 4.Bottled wine at meal times/roomservice ( including champagne )5.5 al a carte restaurants6.24 hour sports bar The layout of the hotel is stunning and the staff is attentive but not intrusive. There was never a time when we couldn鈥檛 get a sun lounger either around the pool or by the beach and the hotel appeared quite fullThe choices of food were more than adequate for our tastes and I would like to think that we are adventurous. Also, as previously stated there are 5 themed resaurants The room service could have been better. We used it 4 times during our stay and they never got our order right once 1.Ordered coffee which arrived without cups 2.Ordered a cheese and onion sandwich which arrived without the cheese3.Ordered breakfast which arrived without cutlery4.Ordered breakfast which never arrived at all ( it was given to another guest by mistake )It鈥檚 obviously a training issue and after talking to the people on the front desk I鈥檓 assured it will be addressed.The entertainment however needs to be completely revamped in my opinion. The Animacion team do work extremely hard but are limited in what they can achieve. Here are a few examples of what I mean1.During my 14 nights stay children are the focus of the Animacion team before 9pm. However most nights only 4 or 5 kids got involved and it was very repetitive stuff. Leaving literally hundreds of people extremely bored hoping /waiting for something else to happen 2.The Adult entertainment consisted of mimed dance routines which were performed quite well but again repetitive. You can only watch dance routines for so long 3.The areobics/dance class team played the same playlist of music constantly. One day I heard the music 6 times and it goes on for about 45 mins. Listen out for 鈥?This time we鈥檙e gonna get funky 鈥?you鈥檒l be reaching for the ear plugs 4.The worst night鈥檚 effort consisted of a staff member trying to get three English speaking guys to repeat a Spanish tongue twister but after he had translated every single stage into 4 languages people were running for the bars (and this was peak time entertainment)I鈥檓 not knocking the effort put in by the team. However, Riu really needs proffessional entertainment. This was echoed by many people we had met from all parts of the world. So if anyone from the Riu establishment reads this please take note I would like to add that this did not detract us from thoroughly enjoying our holiday ( vacation ) but it would enhance the experience.I did try the water sports and took a catamaran out most days. Booking was easy and there was enough capacity, however some people ( Americans mostly ) booked things in case they wanted to do them usually not bothering to turn up and, (most annoyingly ) not cancelling. I learned that if you showed up 5 or 10 mins after a booking time there were usually lots of windsurfers/catamarans/canoes/pedaloes that hadn鈥檛 been taken out so were available at short notice Finally, please don鈥檛 let any of my comments put you off this place. They are merely observations. We had a great time and I hope if you go there you will to Watch out for the Rum and the Mama Juanna.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KellerTexasBill
<Content>Don't worry about your choice of the Riu Palace--it was great! We were wondering if we had made a smart choice after reading some of the reviews of the Riu Palace Punta Cana. Don't worry--it is a great property! We have stayed at Riu properties in Mexico several times, including the Riu Palace in Playa del Carmen. This report will try to compare this hotel to those properties to possibly give some of you a point of reference.The Beach--The beach is the primary reason to go here. The sand is white and the beach is wide. It is nicer than Playa del Carmen in my opinion, and comparable to Tulum, our favorite beach in Mexico. You can walk or jog for miles on the beach barefoot--no shoes needed. We never had a problem getting loungers in the shade at the beach although the hotel was very busy.The Pool--They have a nice main pooi with swim up bar. There is also a smaller infinity pool. Yes the pool seemed crowded at times but to be honest we did not use the pool since we are beach people. The pool was certainly nicer than some of the neighboring Riu hotel pools that we saw but was a little smaller than the Iberostar's in Playa del Carmen.The Food--We were very pleased with the food, at both the main buffet restaurant and the specialty restaurants. La Bodega, the Brazilian steakhouse, was comparable to the one in Playa del Carmen. We also enjoyed the Italian restaurant and Sir Oscar, the gourmet restuarant. We had caviar at Sir Oscar. You do have to reserve the specialty restaurants, but we went to make the reservation at 9:30 in the morning and never had to wait in line or had a problem with our choice. We did not see any beach grilling at lunch like some of the places do in Mexico, although one day our friends said they ate at the neighboring Riu hotel and had a beach grilled lunch there. (As a guest of the Riu Palace you have privileges to eat at the adjoining Riu hotels.)The Room--yes the beds are harder than we are used to at home, but they were softer than what we have stayed at in Mexico. And unlike Mexico our bed was a true king and not two doubles pushed together. There is a lot more cable TV choices here, including Fox News, TNT, TBS, and Showtime. We never had any room issues with odor even though we brought the recommended room air freshener.The Spa--this is unique to the Riu Palace in Punta Cana at least compared to the Rius in Mexico we have stayed at. Be sure to give this a try. We enjoyed the sauna and Roman baths in the spa building at the end of the day.The Clientele--We noticed more Europeans and consequently more topless than what we normally see in Mexico. If some of you may think of this as a plus it in not necessarily so based upon some of the sights we saw! Still, we met friendly people from England, Germany, and even Russia while staying here.Excursions--The only trip we took was the Safari Adventure to experience Dominican culture. We saw a native home, sugar cane, fruit, coffee and cocoa farms as well as rode horses and had a lunch on the beach at a working ranch. Very enjoyable!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cixelsid
<Content>Nice hotel. I was prepared to write a very nice review of this hotel. In fact I was very pleased with everything this hotel has to offer, until a bottle of my cologne was stolen from the room by a maintenance person fixing the hair dryer. Put your items in the safe. Including your expensive cologne. Aside from my $50.00 bottle of cologne being stolen everything was great!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jenninemann
<Content>Beautiful beach!       storm at sunset from our balcony  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>herob
<Content>Nice Hotel. Nice hotel, large open reception area. Big pool, right on a lovely wide stretch of beach. Nice clean rooms, it was a bit noisy but that was down to the people not the hotel!!!. Large dining room, the buffett dinner is done in 2 sittings, the food was ok but not great, think i'd get a bit bored with it if i'd stayed any longer.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>shellbell3
<Content>April 2 - April 9th trip My family and I spent a week at the Riu April 2nd -April 9th. We read many of the reviews on this site and were prepared for the trip. We travel out of the country to tropical locations frequently and so feel confident to comment on this hotel.The architecture and lobby of the hotel are beautiful. We were quite impressed when checking in. Immediately upon entering our room, we did encounter the smell that everyone speaks of. We brought along candles, other air fresheners, and dryer sheets and put them to work. After a while, you get used to the smell and forget it. The air conditioner was on super high and so the room was very cold. That night when going to bed, we discovered that the sheets were damp. Literally, if you sat on the bed to watch television and then got up, your bottom would be damp. We figured it was because of the intense air conditioning and thought we could fix it the following day. The next morning, we opened up the sliding glass doors and turned on the ceiling fan full blast, thinking that this would dry up the place. Unfortunately that night when we returned, we discovered that not only were the sheets still wet, but the couch was damp as well as the tile floor. A quick check of the refrigerator and toilet showed that nothing was leaking. We ended up requesting extra towels and used these when sleeping or sitting on the couch. At this point, we considered switching rooms, but after speaking to other families, we discovered that this was a problem in other rooms as well. The humidity was minimal while we were there, so we can't figure out why this dampness occurred. By the end of our trip, it was a complete annoyance! Our room was 1024, facing the other Riu hotels. I think getting a room on the other side of the hotel, not facing the courtyard, might be better as the side we were on got quite loud at night with restaurant and show noise.The beds ARE incredibly hard. After 3 or 4 nights you do get used to it, but be warned, request more pillows to help make you comfortable!The beach was absolutely lovely, one of the best I've ever seen. The crystal clear turquoise water and smooth white sand decorated with tons of palm trees was magnificent. The pool was nice, the food was okay. The adults enjoyed the variety and the younger kids (11 and 7) always found something to eat.  We did not partake in the specialty restaurants nor did we stay up to watch any shows. We did enjoy the Roman baths at the back of the spa at the end of each day. Be sure to check those out early on in your vacation.Over all, we enjoyed our trip to the Dominican Republic. The beach was amazing and we had fun as a family trying new foods and trying to speak Spanish with the staff. We would return to the DR, but not to the Rui.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Wisc0nsinBeachbum
<Content>OK...but would not go back!! My wife, 16year old daughter, and in-laws stayed at the Riu Punta Cana Palace April 11th through the 18th. We have stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro in Punta Cana as well as stays at various hotels in Cancun in the Rivera Maya, Mexico. The hotel was very nice but we would not return. It wasn't one major reason but rather a series of minor events. As with anything, you can't expect a vacation to go perfect but there are limits.The Good:The Hotel and beach were great. Very clean, no rocks on the beach. I also like the dinner buffet. Not a huge selection but they always seemed to have someone slicing a ham, turkey, or beef filet. The drink wait staff was also very nice, not much english but your in a spanish speaking country. A little spanish will go a long way. We also tipped every at every meal and each round of drinks. The bad:A couple of people on the entertainment staff. One continued to make inappropriate comments about my daughter and trying to take her away from the resort. I ended up yelling at him after he had asked her to help him with something outside of the Riu resort complex. Another of the entertainment crew told my wife he was lonely and wanted her to be with him (not exactly what he said). This made it difficult to relax when your always looking over your shoulder. The entertainment crews at the other resorts can sometimes get rather risky in the name of fun but this time the line was crossed. The other three people in the entertainment crew were really fun although the shows were average at best. The morning buffet was poor, bland food, not much of selection. The rooms had a musty odor but we had brought candles to help with the smell.They give you only one key (an actual key) for your your room. The alarm clock and remotes (we had two) were broken. The tropical drinks were bland. You had to pay $3,00 to play a game of billards in the sports bar as well as pay for your drinks at the Riu Disco. Also, not much wildlife in this tropical setting.If we go back to Punta Cana it will not be at the Riu. Maybe we are just spoiled after staying at the Iberostar Lindo/Maya in Mexico the last four years.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>AnaMo
<Content>Great Vacation I just got back on the 17th from a great 6-day stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. I thoroughly read reviews written in the last year and found good and bad ones, which I think was true of any of the hotels in Punta Cana I researched. I went to this Riu because my co-worker had been there and I felt I had a good enough personal recommendation to choose it. I also liked the fact that it was relatively new.I have to say that I am a bit perplexed at some reviews. Why do you go to a tropical, caribbean, spanish-speaking country and have a total expectation that everything should be just like home from language to food to hotels? I went to the caribbean to get away from home. You are on vacation, roll with the punches. If you can't stand things being un-American then go to Florida instead. The Riu is a great resort considering you are in a third-world Caribbean nation.My take on the Riu Palace Punta Cana:The airport is easy to navigate and not far from the resort. Check in is fairly easy and there's not much to it. They gave us a great room in a great location with respect to the pool and the main areas. The hotel is really beautiful and I really liked the layout. It's barely a year old so it and its rooms are new. I thought the room was very well appointed  decorated with plenty of room, huge closet with lots of hangars, two sinks in a new marble bathroom, a safe (which is important to me) and a fully stocked minifridge of drinks. I used the water they provide in the mini-fridge to brush my teeth. Why risk it? We did not get sick. TV had enough US satellite feed channels to meet your news or show needs if you felt like watching tv during your vacation. The smell. I read a lot about this before going and it was the only thing that troubled me. There is indeed a musty smell in the room from the air conditioner. I took down Febreeze and a Renuzit pop up deodorizer and this helped. At night, we just used the ceiling fan and not the A/C which helped too. This is a humid, tropical climate. This type of thing happens in southern Florida. If you are in a very humid climate and near the water, there is going to be must. I simply didn't let it dominate my vacation. Your clothes will smell a bit when you get home, so who cares, wash it. The rest of the resort makes up for it...The weather was fabulous and this is one of the loveliest beaches I've been on. White, soft sand, plenty of lounge chairs, plently of palm trees (you'll need them, the sun is very strong) and beautiful turquoise waters. The bonus for this resort is the half-sunken shipwrecked boat just off the beach. It really adds a neat flare to the view. The waiters walking up and down the beach with trays of drinks was pretty nice. Just when you were getting a bit thirsty they would come on by. I loved how close the beach was to the pool and the pool bar. The hut on the beach where you can get massages doesn't stink either. My friend got some spa services and says they were alright, but not great. The gym is a bit lame and after a few days I opted to do long walks on the beach for exercise instead. It does have some machines, some weights and some mats.The food is plentiful at all the restaurants. I tried every 'restaurant' and thought: Italian-bad, Brazilian-good, Gourmet-good/ok, steak-very good meat, Japanese-good/ok. The buffet is huge and is likely the best bet. I agree with one reviewer that the bread is really good. My favorite part of breakfast was the smoothy bar. They blend pitchers of fresh fruit in front of you and then you can make your own mix, my favorite being pineapple, banana, melon. Yum. The dinner buffet is pretty good. If you can't find something to eat at this buffet, I would be surprised. There is a huge amount of variety to suit your country or diet needs. I thought the food was pretty good considering they serve the equivalent of about 6,000 meals a day. Guys, remember that the restaurants require you to wear long pants for dinner.....The service is fairly good too. The Dominican people are naturally friendly. You can't communicate with them? Why don't you speak to them in Spanish? You expect everyone that comes to the US to speak English, don't you? Come on, you can communicate basic things with them and always find someone to talk English to. The resort is very well maintained from the gardens to the pool to the rooms. There is service staff everywhere and again, they are quite friendly. A few por favors and gracias goes a long way with these folks.They have tours right from the beach where you can also do the free stuff. They have free kayaks and paddleboats and whatnot. You can also pay for snorkeling excursions and the like. I parasailed and had a great time. Part of the fun was the boat ride out to the parasailing boat where they took us around the afore-mentioned sunken ship. The pool is great. The water is kind of warm but I like that. They have a swim up bar which I loved. By the way, the drinks are fine but the wine at the resort is nothing to write home about. I like to drink wine and was a bit disappointed. So we proceeded to try many fruity drinks on the menu or just ordered beer which was good. Entertainment. Not great entertainment at this resort. They had a show every night but some were a bit hoakie. I kind of like hoakie so it didn't bother me on the few nights I caught it. It was something to do since there is not much else. The later dinner reservations tend to conflict with the 'show'. In the evenings everyone hangs out at tables in what I called the town square near most of the restaurants, La Plaza, where everyone drinks cocktails, people-watches, waits to go to dinner and waits for the show. They have a little band playing and people get up and dance and it's charming. The weather in the evening was glorious. Most days there was this fantastic breeze all day long which felt great on the beach or in the evening. The Palace Macao hotel down the way has a casino and it was fun one night although I think it's rigged. We meant to go to the disco but never got around to it. There is a 'sports bar' which includes a few slot machines which I thought was atrocious. They have some big tv's if there is a sporting event you can't miss. I didn't go to the lobby bar once. It's ornate like the lobby and a bit dark and you don't feel like you are in the tropics. I wanted to be outside in the breeze having cockails and watching people and enjoying the weather. Just a preference. All in all I had a great vacation. I went to relax and totally did. I got a great tan (be careful, you very easily can burn here) and feel rejuvinated. I can understand why some might have had a different experience if the weather was bad or they got ill. That can ruin any vacation anywhere in the world. I am definitely considering coming back to the Riu for a big family trip. I might also try a different place just for variety. Either way, the Dominican Republic beaches and weather are great this time of year.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>nobic0213
<Content>Speaking English Don't go to a Spanish speaking country if you want English, GO TO VEGAS OR THE KEYS! Oh I forgot , they do speak spanish int he keys too. Maybe you should just stick to Vegas if you want English. Oh I forgot again, America speaks all kinds of languages Miss Travel Queen.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>clinic4
<Content>Wonderful Holiday Our family recently returned from a 1 week stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana and had a lovely, relaxing holiday. The resort and beach were truly beautiful. We were fortunate to have incredible weather which meant nonstop sunshine and 90 degrees or more every day. It is an ideal place to either do nothing but read and relax on a beach chair or you can participate in the available water sports - hobie cat, windsurfing, or kayaking - all of which we thoroughly enjoyed. The staff are very friendly - always smiling and greeting you as you pass them. We did not take offence to these people not speaking english. We need to remember the circumstances in which they live - learning another language is not an easy option for these people. If we really needed to inform them of an issue, there were enough staff who did speak some english to help us out. We also took some responsibilty for learning the key phrases in their language and had a few spanish translation books with us to show that we are also making an effort. There are people from all over the world staying here and it is impossible for the staff to learn all the different languages.I think we all need to go on holidays with an open mind. Sure the beds were hard and the sheets not of the highest quality, but everything was clean and well cared for. It was helpful to read the travel advisory before I left as it provided some helpful hints.. ex.. bringing $1.00 bills to tip,and toys for the pool/ocean like blow up floaties, frisbie..The food was excellent. The four of us (children aged 10 and 12) always found lots of selection at the buffetts and no one had any tummy trouble or diarrhea.The humidity in Punta Cana is very high and it is difficult to remove all the moisture from the rooms. Our towels were always fresh and dry. I would highly recommend this hotel for a nice week with family.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jennihop
<Content>Palace Punta Cana is not paradise I just returned from a 6 day stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. Let me begin by saying that I am in the Travel Industry, and I am an experienced traveler. The Punta Cana airport is lovely. Thatched roof, beautiful grounds (yes at the airport), and easy baggage handling. The ride from the airport to the hotel (our transfers were NOT included since I was traveling under a travel agent rate) took approximately 30 minutes, and the cost of $30. (reasonable for the three of us)I was traveling with my husband and my almost 12 year old son, and when we arrived to the hotel the architecture was prettier than the pictures onliine. It almost looked as if we were staying in some middle eastern sultan castle.The check in process was fine. Upon our arrival I realized that there would be a language barrier since most did NOT speak english well. Actually they barely spoke English. When we arrived at our room my husband knew we would not be staying in the room they had reserved for us. The large stain on the bedspread was quite noticable and made me feel as though it hadn't been washed since their opening in 2006. They quickly accommodated our request for another room, and actually gave us two junior suites that adjoined so that we would have some privacy. Very nice gesture, and greatly appreciated.The new room did have a faint musty smell which we read from others online and brought candles. I have come realize that what you smell is mold. They do not dry the towels and sheets completely down there so you get this smell from time to time of mold. I noticed mostly when I was in bed. The bedding is gross, at least to my standards. It is not triple sheeted, and the bedspreads haven't been washed in some time. They have marble bathrooms. The rooms have jets in the bath tubs but I can't understand why anyone would want to soak in water that is not potable which means not drinkable. You MUST brush your teeth bottled water which is provided in your refriderator. My husband made the mistake of rinsing (by habit) his tooth brush and by the next day (the second day we were there) he had the runs every time he ate, for the entire vacation. All in all, he was a champ about it.The high of the vacation is and will be the beach and ocean. It truly is the most spectacular beach I had every laid eyes on. The palm trees on the beach give it a real tropical flare. The ocean is the most beautiful blue, clean, and no rocks.The low of the vacation is the food. They cater to the Europeans so the menu may not appeal to the typical Amerian. We all found things to eat, but we knew not to eat the meat there (well some of us chose to eat the meat regardless and that particular person had a tummy problem as previously stated). We found the buffet to the best restaurant since we were able to find something to eat although eating was not the highlight of the vacation. The buffet for lunch (there are two that are open for lunch) is best at Don Manuels (not the buffet at the beach) The linguine with garlic and oi was the best dish there and they have it every day for lunch. The breads are outstanding, almost as good as NYC breads, if you can believe that, but its true.The gourmet restaurant sir ocsars was just gross.The coffee is fantastic down there, very strong. If you like Starbucks you'll love the coffee, although they don't have cream, only milk but they warm the milk in a container for you before you pour it in your coffe (a nice touch)The pool is nice, very warm probably from the children who do not wear bottoms and are swimming in the pool. Again very European. Women do go topless, but you see more of that at the beach than the pool. My son met some children from other countries which was an experience within itself. He enjoyed beach volleyball, ping pong, and the pool.The shows during the evening are not good. Reservations are required at all restaurants except the buffet and can only be made that day between 9-12. They start lining up at 8:15am. They only have two seatings 6:30  9:00. The 6:30 will fill up quickly.I hope this email helps you in making an informed decision for your upcoming vacation. I'm glad a saw the beach and water but I have not intentions of returning back to the Domenican Republic. I'm on to a more luxurious resort in an English speaking Island. Happy travels to you. If you should have any other questions feel free to contact me at jennihop@comcast.net  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>kerichicago
<Content>Wonderful Time We just returned from a 10 day stay for our honeymoon. We have to say that it was absolutely wonderful. The food was wonderful, the service was friendly, and the pools and grounds were kept very clean. We highly recommend the french(gourmet) and brazlian restaurants, but be sure to make your reservations. We also enjoyed making reservations on the beach for many of the water sports and reservations in the spa. Be sure to bring some extra money if these are activities that you would like to be a part of. We will definitely be returning!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rschneider
<Content>Pretty Solid We stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from April 5th-10th. Here is a rating from a 27yr old married couple.. 1.) Weather amazing.. Hot by the pool, pleasant on the beach. Rating 9/102.) Service awesome.. Very friendly staff.. Rating 9/103.) Rooms... Average.. Good mini-fridge, cannot drink the water.. Leave a few dollars a day and the maids will give you extra bottled water, sodas, and beer.. Room was cleaned everyday. A/C was great w/ powerful fan.. Bed was very uncomfortable, sheets were not very soft. Overall rating, 6/10 on the rooms. 4.) Food... Breakfast and lunch were below average.. A lot of food re-used from other meals. A lot of variety, we found it got very unappetizing after the 2nd day.. Dinner was much better. Restaurants were good, we ate at bodega, sir manuel, la altagracia, and the luigi italian. WE stayed in for room service one night.. Dinner was much better than the breakfast/lunch. One warning.. 24hr food is a joke! Hamburgers/hotdogs that are kept in a frig that you can heat up in a microwave, or stale nacho chips and pretty nasty cheese sauce.. Overall food was average.. For dinners, a litte hint.. give the concierge money to make a reservation for you.. I gave him like $5/day, and he got me a reservation.. Otherwise, you willstand in a line every morning at 9am(beach time) for about 30minutes to make a reservation. Total waste of time. I would say 5/10.. 5.) Drinks.. Great.. A lot of variety and good liquor and bartenders.. Pool bar is great!6.) Pool/Beach.. get outside by 800am and get towels on chairs, or there will be none left.. Also, give $ to towel guy for extras.. they get wet and sandy.. $2 will give you all the towels you want. for the day..7.) Kids.. A lot of them.. We love kids, but just didn't realize how mnay would be there.. Pool gets noisy.. Overall, great trip.. Would go back, just not soon.. Too many other places to go first!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>khersh
<Content>Very Mixed Reviews are Accurate We just returned from a one week stay at the Riu Palace. Having read all the reviews on this site prior to going, we were very well prepared. We actually found most of the reviews to be very accurate. So, here is our take on the good and bad (and we are VERY discriminating travelers, having stayed in many legit 5 star hotels/resorts throughout the world). To sum up quickly, the resort is a 5 star property looks wise with a 3 star level of service, food and everything else.Good1. The resort itself is beautiful and very well maintained. The rooms are nice and a very good size. We had 1 adult and 2 kids in each room and had no problems. 2. The pool and beach are both beautiful and clean.3. Service was generally excellent, with prompt delivery of drinks, room service, etc.--especially for an all-inclusive property. They even walked around the beach with trays of drinks/water throughout the day and if they didnt have what you wanted would come back on their next run with your request. I was very impressed.4. Staff was for the most part very nice and accomodating.Bad1. The BEDS are HORRIBLE--so hard that it felt like we were sleeping on wood.2. Very few people on staff speak any english, so if you encounter any problem or issue, you will be very frustrated.3. The food has a very European style to it and was for the most part very disappointing, especially for the kids. We were able to find things we liked, but got tired of eating the same stuff day in and day out. The food is not as bad as at Iberostar properties, but is not great. The sit-down restaurants are no better, just less to choose from.4. Most of the mixed/tropical drinks were horrible. They make a good Mojito, but that was all I could find.5. There is zero to do at night, especially for the kids. The shows (which are poor) did not start until 9:45pm--too late for kids. It would be easy to add some kid-friendly activities to the resort but for some reason, Riu has elected to give them one ping-pong table and that is it. Very disappointed in that aspect. Also, if it rains, forget it--bring some dvds and a computer and some good books.6. Had to reserve beach chairs pretty early in the AM. The beach chairs under umbrellas are gone by 8am.We filled out review cards, expressing our views and the manager saw some negative comments and had our cards collected and, believe it or not, TORN UP! Very wierd reaction, especially since mostly we were positive.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>gpronesti
<Content>Great palace. My family of 5 had a great time at this resort. My wife and I loved the beautiful beaches and the swimming pool. The food was adequate and plentiful. It wasn't great but what do you expect from an all inclusive? The drinks were good. Plenty of liquor everywhere including your room. Wine was terrible as was the champagne. Gym is tiny and machines require a wait usually. If I went back I would not wait in line for dinner reservations. Food was the same as on the buffet with the exception of the lamb chops at Sir Oscar (very good) and the Japanese (terrible and waste of time). I would go on the Safari excursion. It was interesting to see the country and the way people live.I have 3 kids and there was definitely not enough for them to do. They are 15,13 and 9 year old boys. I would not go back to this resort with them. They had no place for teens to hang out and no real organized teen activities. There is 1 LAME sportsbar/game room with 3 pool tables ($3/ game!), air hockey($1/game) and 2 video games. Luckily my kids made some friends and hung with them but a place like Beaches is a far better bet for a family with kids/teens.We still enjoyed the vacation. No one got sick. We had lots of family together time and my kids loved the buffet restaurants for breakfast and lunch especially. The service is first rate and the staff is kind and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Shadowman45
<Content>Just back from Rio Palace Very good place but Paradisus is better. Got ripped off at Don Miguel cigar factory, a place to avoid.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ontarioCanadaDylanB
<Content>A wonderful vacation The Riu Palace was just that . We have stayed at many Riu hotels and have been very pleased with each one we have stayed at . This was the best .Yes in our room on a rare occasion there was a smell , we read other reviews and took a scented candle I did light it a few times , We have experienced this before so it is nothing new . THe hotel is very grand we where on the second floor overlooking the fountains and where able to watch the shows from our balcony if we wanted to . The room was lovely we where looked after by Sarah , who made beautiful towl displays we left her a tip each morning and also one in the mini bar we never ran out of anything . There are plenty of chairs around the pool and beach , we never saw any one haveing to look to far . We only eat at the buffet and the selection was great . People we met from Toronto did try the other restaurants and where very pleased . The Champagne flowed and the drinks where not watered down .The pool staff are great one tip gets you your drinks and bright smiles all day and everyday , The staff understand english well and speak it well but my husband does speak some Spanish and that does help as the people love it when they know you are trying .Our Waiter Elivs was just charming his english was not so good but he made up for it in the lovely things he did for us our table each day was decorated with either flowers or petals from flowers . My husband liked a beer with his meal and I liked champagne the glasses where being filled before we even sat down at the table.All the staff treated us so very well and should be commended for a job well done . I would go back tomorrow without hesitation if fact we are planning to go back in July . Our choice was the best choice out of the other Rui hotels in the area . Yes older crowd of customers not many children If you want to party all night choose one of the other Riu hotels . We are very picky and expect only the best and we got it , We have no complaints .Joan  Fred Ontario Canada  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lgoeller
<Content>Great Vacation! My boyfriend (32) and I (23) stayed at the Riu Palace over Spring Break this year (March 30 - April 6). Despite mixed reviews, we had a wonderful time!!! Booking through Orbitz was easy and the check-in at the hotel was fine. Our room was ready when we arrived at the hotel (2:00) even though it wasn't supposed to be ready until 3:00. When we booked through orbitz, we also booked ground transportation to and from the airport through CoCo Tours... I would not do this again. The pick up from the airport to the hotel was fine but trying to get hold of our representative to plan our return trip was a pain. He was never at the hotel during the hours he said he would be. There are a lot of Europeans that stay at this hotel. They seem to be extemely pushy and rude. They don't care that you were waiting in line for food... they just push their way through. It's funny because the Dominicans feel the same way about them! The hotel is absolutely beautiful!Room: The room was nice. There is definitely a musty, mildew smell that sticks to your clothes. I have since washed everything I brought with me and there still seems to be a lingering mildew smell. The sheets feel sticky and wet because of the humidity, but you get used to it. Food: The food is fine. The breakfast and lunch buffet provided enough choices you will not go hungry. The dinner buffet was good. We did get up every morning by 9am to make reservations for dinner that evening. The Japanese restaurant was alright, the Brazilian was okay (a lot of meat) and the gourmet Sir Oscars was wonderful!! We ate there twice and absolutely loved it!Staff: The staff was really friendly and entertaining. All day at the pool they are dancing, leading water aerobics, gathering people for volleyball or making sure your drink is always full. They try their best to make your vacation wonderful. I was suprised at how many didn't speak much English. They speak enough to get by if you don't speak any Spanish but many of them don't really speak English. Excursion: We did the Marinarium trip to snorkel with sharks and sting-rays. This was $78 a person and I highly recommend it. It was a great trip and the staff members on this trip are great also.Entertainment: The nightly entertainment was fine. They had a show every night at about 9:45. These shows were pretty funny and entertaining. The staff does a nice job. They last about an hour and then the hotel is pretty quiet. If you are looking for more of a party atmosphere this hotel is probably not the best choice. The RIU Bambu seems to have a younger crowd and more partying atmosphere. All in all it was a great trip. I would go back and stay at the Riu Palace again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bunchofmarkerz
<Content>A love/hate relationship       riu  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>bvdq68
<Content>True Paradise Just came back from a dream vacation. Everything was excellent from beginning to end. here are the featuresHotel: Very nice, luxury hotel with beautiful groundsroom: Very large (had a king bed) and nice view (room 2133). Though there is a little odor (humidity) that might byg you the first 5 minutes, afterthat, you get use to itfood: EXCELLENT. This is not my first time in DR and let me tell you that you have a huge variety of food. Some people do eat only junk food and may criticize the food here. Don't be afraid. Lots of seafood, beef and chicken and pasta (Buffet excellent) and we had caviar the last day!!!!!drinks: Plentyfull...Order pina colada con run dorado (Pina colada with brown rhum)... excellentservice: EXCELLENT always there when you need something, they speak very good english and spanish (some french as well!!!)Beach: Nice send, palm trees and waves!!!!! Nice breeze also to keep us from the heatAmbiance: If you like to party, this is not the place, though if you want to relax and enjoy life, this is paradiseoverall: TOP QUALITY go there, do not hesitate, you'll have a great time  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ackdiver
<Content>Would not return The water in the room is not potable which was my biggest concern, many in my travel group were ill during or after the trip. The food although plenty seemed to be recycled with one nights dinner showing up in salads on the buffet the next night. The specialty restaurants were poor and just a advertising ploy. The pool was far from the rest rooms and people seemed to never search out the rest rooms. The drinks seemed to have no alcohol in them and were very small. The room smelled moldy and all of my belongings needed to be washed when i got home and anything unwashable had to stay outside for a week and be sprayed with a freshener. I was with an apple tour group and they lied and misrepresented themselves. I would not go back Here and would not book with apple tours again. I have traveled a lot and this was a poor level 2 rating with in a pretty building.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Bunky93
<Content>Rough Start at RIU Palace Punta Cana       beach  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>lgjdf'gjdg
<Content>Truly a palace! We have just returned from a week in the Dominican Republic at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, and the staff friendly and attentive. We booked a suite and had requested oceanfront. Upon arrival, we were told that there were none available. After some persistence on my part, the manager miraculously came up with one. It was a beautiful suite with a direct oceanfront view. However, after two nights of surviving the strong musty odor and plumbing difficulties, we requested a change of room. The manager, Santiago, was able to come up with another identical oceanfront suite on the opposite side of the building. The hotel staff moved everything for us, and sent us a bottle of champagne for the inconvenience. This room was much better. However, be warned that there is always somewhat of a musty odor due to the humidity since you are in the tropics. The hotel has six restaurants including the buffet. My husband and I enjoy fine dining. Although I would not describe any one of the restaurants as a culinary delight, the food was quite adequate. There was always something you could order that was more than decent at the specialty restaurants. The buffet was available for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The breakfast buffet was very good.We planned this trip, not for the food, but for the sun, rest and relaxation. Let me say that the beaches are beyond beautiful. The water is a bit rough, but not a real problem. The weather is absolutely beautiful. I do know a limited amount of Spanish, and the natives like you to attempt to converse with them in their language. Although tips are included, we always left a few dollars at meals, and at the bars. The staff works very hard and appreciates the kind act. In summary, it was an awesome trip, and I would have no problem returning in the future.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>shorty452
<Content>Good things and Bad things... Cons:The food is terrible. They cook everything with no seasoning. The meat is over cooked and what they consider a filet of beef really looks like salisbury steak. We tried the speciality restaurants and disliked both that we tried (Italian and Gourmet). We ended up eating at the buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Breakfast is the best meal. Our room was ok. For a new hotel the couch looked very old and dirty but otherwise the rooms and bathrooms were very clean. The entire hotel has a VERY musty odor. It's awful. Other than that the entire hotel was very clean. We saw workers cleaning all the time. I would not recommend this hotel for young people. There is absolutlynothing to do past dinner except sit in the courtyard and listen to people lipsync american music. t's comical. There is a disco at the hotel, but it's not recommended for tourists to attend them. Pros:The entire staff was very friendly. We made friends with some of the servers.The beach is beautiful. The weather is great.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>travel001
<Content>Beautiful resort My wife and I and another couple traveled to Punta Cana for the second year in a row. I can honestly say that the RIU PALACE is a great resort. The weather was great and the beach was great as well. The food is OK, (at best). But all that we wanted was some relaxation and have some fun as well. Rooms were great and the room service was the same.ODOR - You are surrounded by water, there will be some odor. Take a candle.It is disappointing to see the negative reviews from people. You are at an all inclusive resort and they are trying to make everyone happy. That is not going to happen. When you go to this resort you should enjoy your stay. Enjoy the weather and the people watching.I will definitely go back to this resort  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>apalcic
<Content>Beautiful weather and the people are great, but... I am from Cleveland, OH and have traveled extensively in the Caribbean. This was my first trip to the Dominican Republic and my first all-inclusive. Each year I take a girls trip to escape the cold weather of the midwest. Although we had beautiful weather and the Domincian people were wonderful, I would not go back to the Riu Palace. I read almost every hotel review before my trip and I thought the people with negative reviews were being ridiculous. After going, I can see most of the negative reviews were right on. I would consider myself to be upper middle class and I was disappointed considering the amount of money I spent on this trip. I will start with the good:The hotel was very clean. There were very few bugs. The beaches were beautiful. The staff was extremely helpful and kind. We had fantastic weather. The breakfast buffet was good -the most American of all the meals. You will not have trouble finding something you like at the breakfast buffet.The bad:ODOR:There is a musty odor that absolutely permeates EVERYTHING you bring. We found that if you leave the sliding glass doors open instead of using the air conditioner it helps a little. Definitely bring a glad plug-in. Everything you bring will either need to be dry-cleaned or washed when you get home. It was worse than I expected it to be. FOOD:The resort is about 60% European and the food is definitely catered to them. Strange things like lunchmeat and cheese for breakfast, tuna salad stuffed in avacados. I am a big eater and love a good meal and there were numerous occasions when I couldn't find a single thing to eat. They don't offer normal salad dressings - if you want a salad, stick with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. You do have to get in line to get a reservation at one of the restaurants at 9:00 a.m. each day. If you don't get there early you won't be able to get your first choice. We went to the french and italian restaurant and then decided to just go to the buffets the rest of the week because we didn't like being on such a tight schedule. Most of the food is exactly the same as the buffets, just served on a different plate. The quality of the seafood was the biggest disappointment. It was ALL fishy and practically unedible. The best meal we had was at the Italian restaurant. There is a hot buffet before you get your meal that offers fried calamari and pasta and that was better than the actual meal. RESORT:The hotel is as advertised. The lobby is grand and the pool is nice. The rooms were decent sized and clean. I will mention again the strong musty smell. It was awful. The chairs close to the pool fill up fast so when you get up go down there and put a book or towel down to save your chair. The Riu Palace is more suited for older couples who want to go to bed at nine. There is a nice courtyard with a band playing at night, but that is the extent of entertainment at the resort.If you are looking to total relaxation and don't worry about the food, then this is the place for you. Don't plan on leaving the resort or doing any quality shopping. We layed by the pool and read books. That was it. I was happy to be in the sun and away from the snow, but it was not the best vacation I've been on. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Love2TravelJD
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       pool bar  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ravi100
<Content>What an amazing level of service! What an amazing resort! We just got back from five nights at the palace. We booked thru Funjet at the Riu Bambu, but when we arrived in PUJ we were informed that we had been upgraded to the Palace because the Bambu was full - thanks Funjet. This proved to be a fantastic upgrade since we did get to walk thru the Bambu which is next door and we probably would have hated it.High points:- Level of service was unbelievable, lots of happy smiling staff to make every part of your stay comfortable.- Fantastic rooms and bathrooms - new and clean- Beach was amazing as usual - but that is true of all of this part of the island- Beautiful large pool with a great swim-up barSome areas for improvement:- The a la carte restaurants were not that great. Food was rather boring, and not of great quality- Very few choices for vegetarians- Clunky keys and safety deposit locksOther comments:- The skorkeling in this area was not great so don't bother with the tours. Bayahibe, near La Romana was much better when we visited last year.- Not much in the form of entertainment, but the beach, pool and staff made up for that.- Not as many kids as in the other lower priced resorts  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sbrest
<Content>Overall Good Vacation. I'm sure glad that we haven't read all of the reviews before we have booked it. I wouldn't have been hard to decide. Since the reviews are mixed. Let me tell you about our personal experience and let you decide for yourself.We (2 adults in 30s, active, professionals) have stayed for 7 nights in March 2007 with our 4-year-old child. We booked the trip via Go-Go vacation. This was our first trip to Dominican Republic.The meet and greet at Punta Cana airport was ok. The Go-Go booth and the rest of the travel agencies are located outside of the customs/baggage area.The roads are really bad but the trip was quick since we have arrived in the evening at around 7 pm.The check in at the hotel went smooth and we were given an outside room on the 3 rd floor in the right wing. Surprisingly there was no smell in the room during the whole stay. It was at the very end of the hotel close to the beach. Perhaps this has something to do with it. The room itself was very good. Everything is looking close to new. The bathroom was in marble. The floor is slippery so keep the large towel on the floor at all times. The bed was too double beds pushed together. The mattress was not very good. We are used to Sterns and Foster at home.Next to the balcony sliding door there is a sitting area. We rotated the couch and made some space for the bed for our child.The view from the balcony was nothing spectacular. Since we have faced Bamboo hotel. We didn't use the balcony much since we preferred to stay at the beach.The food in the all-inclusive buffet was very good for the all-inclusive resort. We knew that the menu restaurants ( from the reviews ) were nothing special so we have tried only Italian and confirmed that the main buffet is the best choice. So we didn鈥檛 even waste time with the dinner reservations after that.Don鈥檛 expect foe grass in there. However there is a good mix of sea food (fish, shrimp, once night even a lobster, clams.), meat (there was a Mexican night), tropical fruits, vegetables, freshly made juices, ice cream, good cappuccino, espresso etc.The waiters at the restaurant would be more receptive to you if you even try to speak a little Spanish. You don鈥檛 need much. Simple greeting and big smile will do. They remember your drinking preferences if you try to seat in the same general area of the restaurant. Champagne is good but nothing spectacular. The other buffet is located next to the beach and the pool. We found it was great for lunch because it opens for lunch at noon whereas the main buffet opens for lunch at 1 pm. They have theme lunches (coconut party, BBQ party, pasta party) every day.The beach is good. If you want a chair in the palm tree shade then I recommend that you reserve it in the morning at around 7:30 鈥?8 am. We have walked along the beach to the left of the hotel till the end of hotel beaches (about 20-30 minutes walk). There is a nice coral reef out there if someone wants to snorkel there. To the right of the Riu Palace there are other Riu hotels (Bamboo, Macau.etc).We glad we didn't take any boat tours since it's the same thing as on the beach. I did take one scuba diving trip with Scuba Caribe (located right next to the hotel shops). It was a two tanks dive in the morining at 9 am. The reefs are very clean with variety of fish. Scuba Caribe is a very professional operator. The boat, scuba equipment and dive masters were very good and friendly.It's better to go in the morning if the sea is calm because in the afternoon they have a lot of students on the boat. They do quick free scuba lesson in the pool.There are two pools. One small infinity pool and another larger regular pool with a swim up bar. They clean it well at night. Although one morning they told us not to get into the big pool for a while because they put too much chlorine overnight. So we went to the infinity pool.I don鈥檛 understand the complaints about watered down drinks. If it鈥檚 not strong enough for you, just mention it to the bar tender they will double it or just get it straight (they have VSOP too). There is no shortage/limit of alcohol. It鈥檚 up to you how much do you want to intake JThey have kids mini-club but we didn鈥檛 like it much. It really very mini and doesn鈥檛 have much shade on the outside playing area. However they have nice night kids shows starting at around 7:30 pm. This is when they get the kids on the stage and they copy the entertainer鈥檚 dance on stage. It the same thing every day but will give parents about 30 minutes of free time to enjoy the drink in privacy.The night entertainment/show is there. They are trying hard to keep you entertained however this is a new resort and I think they need more time to get it right. We particularly liked the dance show on one night (my wife used to dance professionally). According to here some of the male dancers are way above average. However on the next day the show with different dancers was much weaker. On one night they had the Perfect Couple contest. It was hilarious.Some people went to Macau casino in the evening for an additional entertainment. If you are staying in Riu Palace you can go to any restaurant / bar of Riu family.To sum it up this place is not everything to everyone. If you are looking for the calm beach vacation, good solid quality food, good beach and sun then it鈥檚 a good place to go. If you are looking for a fine seven course cosine and partying all night this is not the place.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>maxferraro
<Content>Highly Recommend My husband and I came back from Punta Cana today 3/12/07 and I must say that we were very impressed with the Riu Palace Punta Cana. From the minute we walked through the front doors we were greeted with drinks and smiling faces. The employees should all be honored for their friendliness and hospitality. Drinks were available constantly and were not watered down. Bottles of champagne were being popped opened all day long. The food was incredible. There was everything from caviar to fresh roasted turkey every day. I have never stayed at an all inclusive before that has been this good. The food here definitly compared to a luxury cruiseliner.The one thing that we would like to recommend to the Riu is to improve on their entertainment. They need a much larger casino with some live professional shows. There was not much to do at night. We had to go to the Riu Macao for the casino and it was lacking alot. (Only around 20 slot machines, 2 roulette wheels, 1 black jack  1 texas hold-em table). They need a craps table and some more slot machines. Not the friendliest here.The only complaint that we had at the Palace was the smell of the room was very bad. We had to keep our balcony door open to air out the room. When you did this the air conditioning would go off. The hotel is only around 10 months old, yet there was alot of mold around the shower area (corners) and the smell of cigars would come through the air conditioners from other rooms. I highly recommend that you bring some good candles with you if you go here. In spite of the smell, I still highly recommend this hotel.Employees attitudes *****Food*****Entertainment *Rooms ***Beach*****Drinks*****  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>toronto77
<Content>Beautiful Place, Horribly borring!!! My wife and I are from Ontario, mid 20's... We wanted to go to a top quality resort for our honeymoon. Although the place inside and out was beautiful... there was nothing to do... at all. The entertainment at night was similar to a grade 5 assebly (all respect due to 5th graders) Did anyone else not get sick of the same song the party people sang 10 times a day!!! I am still haveing nighmares of that SI SI song!!! I mean, I went to relax, but a little bit of nightlife would of helped. its a great place if you are rich and over 55. Looking around at the other couples in our age bracket seemed to have the same look on their face!!! The staff was great, food was alright... nothing to get excited about. DO NOT waste 200.00 to go to Siona island... you spend 1 hour on a bus and 1 hour on a boat, to go sit on an island that is no better than the one your resort is own, plus there is people bothering you the whole time selling coconut oil you also are served food that i wouldnt recoment eating. the rooms were nice... the double beds pushed together are interesting. watch out when they are spraying the plants... the smell is horrible! The sports bar was nice, except for the burgers stored in the fridge... I recomend the Carribean orange drink... that by far was the best part of the trip! I guess to sum it up... if your loaded and just want to lie and do nothing all day, this place is really nice, but if you like to even party a little bit at night... I would take a big pass to this place! Im also forming a help group to recover from the SI SI song that was sanf morning noon and night!!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shachi
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful I am so happy with this resort and would recommend it to anyone. In regards to previous posters who did not like the food, I would say that if you are picky and not adventurous in dining, you may not like the choices. However i found the food to be good (not cruise quality) but were never hungry  very satisfied! One qualifier, the sushi at the Japanese restaurant was not very good, but i wasnt surprised. Your'e in the dominican! The hotel is absolutely gorgeous. They really maintain cleanliness and we barely ever saw trash/empty glasses/etc. We brought candles based on reading other reviews, but never had issues with any odors. We also did not have a beautiful view of the ocean, but actually enjoyed the privacy of our balcony that overlooked the back lawn. Everything was so great - I would return in a heartbeat and was sad to leave.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>radal
<Content>Great Stay, Spa not so great We stayed at the Riu Palace not long after it opened. The property was beatiful. The lobby is very large and really something to look at. The rooms were nice, very clean and well stocked. One thing happened in the afternoon. We were in our room after lunch about 1 getting ready to go to the pool. We were sitting there watching TV and all of a sudden this lady with a clip board opens the door and said they had to paint our bathroom. In walks a guy with a paint roller and they go to town. It really wasn't a bother, but just found it strange. Our room faced the hotel next door, not the pool and fountains. This was ok since we didn' t really spend much time in there.The one thing I want to tell everyone is about our spa experience. My best friend and I travel together all the time and we both enjoy a massage and the use of the spa facility whereever we go (usually Las Vegas). We went down one afternoon and scheduled our massage for the next day. When we arrived for our massage we had to wait for about 15 minutes before the therapist came to get us. Mine was a male and my friend had a female. They took us to the back and each to what we thought was a seperate room. Once we entered the room we found out that it was actually one big room divided only by one of those folding screens. Immediately my therapist told me to take off my clothes. So I waited for him to leave the room, but he never did. Next both the therapist handed me and my friend this thing that looked like a large tootsie roll. At this point I am really wondering what in the hell is going on. I start unrolling this thing and it is a paper thong that is not going to cover anything. At this point I look over at my friend and all I see is him taking his clothes off. (He just loves any excuse to strip) Finally I just went ahead and took it all off, put on the paper thong and laid down. Let me tell you this was the worst massage I have ever had. It reminded more of a rub down than a massage. Also during the entire massage the two thrapist talked to one another in Spanish, which I do not speak. My friend picked up on a little bit of it. Anyway, never once did anyone show us around the spa to the hot tub or steam rooms. There was no tour, no robes  sandles, and just no relaxation. I would not refer anyone to this spa.Anyway, back to the hotel itself. The beach is great, service is great, and the swim is the swim up bar is the BEST!! They make sure that you do not become thirsty.. Overall I have to give this place and excellant rating, but the spa was horrible.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Buster1017
<Content>Beautiful - would go back This is a beautiful resort. My husband and I were there from Feb. 25 - Feb. 28. This hotel is small enough to get lounge chairs (with shade!) on the beach at anytime of the day. Big enough to have the amenities you want. It is a great place to just relax and enjoy the sun. The service was good. We asked for our minibar to be refilled and within minutes, it was. The bed was even turned down for us at night. Only complaint was that men could not wear shorts into the buffet for dinner -- you will be turned away. I think this is crazy as guys with grubby jeans and t-shirts were let in, but not a guy with nice dress shorts and button down shirt. The drinks were great, food was pretty good as far as the Dominican Republic goes and of course the weather was awesome. I do agree with other reviews in that you do come home with a smell on you and your luggage - nothing laundry and Febreze won't take care of! You do need to get lucky with a room on the outside or towards the beach end of the building. This was our third trip to Punta Cana and so far this is our hotel of choice.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>khrislee
<Content>4 days in paradise -- food, drink, sun, and poker We returned from Punta Cana, sadly, on March 4. I traveled with a large group (nine adults, one child, and two infants), and everyone enjoyed their trip immensely. There were a few hiccups along the way, but everything turned out fine.Our connecting flight from Atlanta to Punta Cana was oversold, and they were looking for eight volunteers to give up seats. Although I had reconfirmed the seats for all members of our party, they did not have a confirmed seat for one member of our party when we checked in. I didn't want to leave that person alone in Atlanta, and also felt that the compensation they were offering ($600 credit per person, hotel, food vouchers, and upgrade to business class the next day) was worth being bumped and keeping the party together. Delta also allowed the four individuals who wanted to stay an extra day in Punta Cana to change their return without penalty. That was a gamble because we were not assured that RIU would allow them to stay an extra day.We spoke with the RIU front desk manager when we arrived about our situation and requested that one of our four rooms be extended an extra day. He told us we would need to arrange that with our travel agency, as he did not have control over this. I checked back the next day and had the travel representative ask on our behalf, and was told that anyone wanting stay an extra day would need to pay $192 per person. Because we'd already changed our flight plans, we were ready to do this, although not very happy about it. However, when we checked with a different manager the next day, he finally agreed to comp us a night. The hotel itself was great -- clean, luxurious, and beautiful. One thing that I found odd and annoying was that they didn't design the rooms to have card keys -- instead, they issued real metal keys with large keychains that made it awkward to carry around. The food at the buffet was okay, not as much of a selection as we remembered from the RIU in Cancun. We ate at the steak house one night and would have enjoyed it more if we weren't attacked by mosquitoes the entire meal. We didn't have problems with mosquitoes any other time during the trip. We also dined at the Italian restaurant. Neither of those restaurants had any problem accommodating our large party. The wait staff was much more attentive at the Italian restaurant.The evening entertainment at the RIU Palace Punta Cana was lacking, but that didn't bother us since we spent the evenings in the casino at the RIU Palace Macao down the shore. Plus, the sister RIU properties were just a walk away, and those properties seemed to have better entertainment options.My wife and I are avid poker players, but were weary of playing here initially because of some comments we'd read from other reviewers. The first two nights we went, they spread two $2/$4 NLHE tables. The third night, they only had one $5/$10 NLHE game going, but after about 15 minutes we convinced them to bring down the stakes to $2/$4 since most people would be uncomfortable playing for such high stakes. Almost immediately both tables filled up with college kids buying in for the minimum $50 (no max buy-in). There were four or five locals that seemingly play every night (two of them may be employed by the casino), and we were initially worried about collusion and outright cheating. Although there was a lot of talking in Spanish that I did not understand, I am confident that they were not colluding. Carlos and Tony and the other locals were all very friendly, even as they suffered some bad beats. The locals like to gamble it up (often without good hands), so it can be a roller coaster of a ride if you want to get involved in big pots with them. My wife and I ended up booking wins in each of our five combined sessions (+11, +225 for her; +320, +340, +80 for me), but feel fortunate to beat the rake -- the house takes 5% of each pot, with no maximum. For example, on one $1600 pot, the house took $80 in rake -- compare to Vegas or AC, where the house caps the rake at $4 per pot. Even so, the players are so loose that it's possible to make money if you can catch some hands.My in-laws and their friends went on one excursion, the Bavaro Runners safari tour. They said it was okay, but definitely not worth $80/person. They initially agreed to it thinking it was $80 for the five of them. The rest of us stayed on the resort, as it had everything we needed -- good food, sun, pool, beach, and poker.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>cdicanto
<Content>Never Again First let me state that this was our 4th trip to the Dominican Republic...one stay at Casa deCampo, two stays at Iberostar Punta Cana. Thought we'd try something different...big mistake!Upon arrival we were given one key to a room with a terrible view (parking lot, storage facilities, debris). The room had an awful aroma to it. My husband went back to the reception desk and they again gave us ONE key to another room. There was no offer of help with our baggage. Upon entering the other room, same awful smell, another awful view, but too tired to take things further. By day two we asked for a second room key....after many hours, stating they needed to put in a new lock, we were given another key.The food was horrific...bland, odd variety. Lines for reservations at eating establishments OTHER than the buffet were always long. We watched them turn away people who were wearing shorts AT THE BUFFET. Unbelievable! The drinks were watered down...the wine was awful. Restaurant employees were rude, and unaccomodating (like bringing coffee to our table each morning was an effort). One evening we clocked a full 20 minutes before anyone came to our table to see if we wanted something to drink. Very unprofessional staff!The most interesting thing we noticed at this BRAND NEW hotel was the RAT population. Each evening as we walked to dinner, rats were seen scurrying around the walkways. I was so glad our room was on the 3rd floor for fear that one would wind up in our room. I did read a review on your site stating that one patron DID have a rat in their room.Our hotel room....OH MY....the king bed I was supposed to have was 2 full beds put together...not that they felt like beds at all...more like cement. I'm not sure either one of us had one good night's sleep for the entire 8 days we were there. The bedding smelled...the room smelled.Housekeeping barged in whenever they wanted (there is no way to lock them out). We were either without towels, without washcloths, withoutsoap. Our room bar was never replenished with the club soda or soda we drank...after 3 days, there was nothing we wanted in them. Room safe also had a key, no code. So no matter where you went, you had to lug around 2 huge keys...archaic.The internet cafe is expensive because most of the time allotted was spent trying to get the computer to connect to SOMETHING...the 24 hour food is a joke...cold sandwiches in a smelly bar that needed microwaving. There is limited nightlife....actually felt like the place closed down at 9PM.Employees only understood English when it was convenient for them (as in looking for a tip). During our past 3 visits to the DR, we always left a few dollars each day for housekeeping and always left tips after meals. At this hotel, only ONE waiter was tipped at one meal....housekeeping got nothing. That's how bad it was!On the day of our departure, WE brought our bags to the lobby (no offer of assistance). When we turned our key in, all they said was OK....no thank you, no how was your stay, not one kind word.You would think the story was over, but NO. Upon returning home and opening our suitcases, every item had an awful stench to it. Not a smell of humidity...not quite sure what it was. All clothing had to be washed multiple times (and the smell is still in them)....shoes, jackets, personal products had to be sprayed with Febreeze and the smell is still there. I read similar comments on this website from others as well. I'm sure I will return to Punta Cana next February, but will never step foot in Riu Palace again. Iberostar Punta Cana may not be as plush as this hotel was, but it is superior in so many other ways!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4Bruce
<Content>Great stay at RIU Palave Punta Cana My wife and I have visited Dominican Republic at least seven times, but first time we stayed at Riu Palace Punta Cana. What a fabulous resort. We had a great time at RIU Palace Punta Cana. Never had a problem with the staff. Great food, especially buffet restaurant. Perfect liquors selection and very nice accomodation. Even we never stay at the same resort twice, I would like to come back to RIU Palace Punta Cana. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>liza's_travels
<Content>a diamond in the rough , toronto (East) Our Trip to Punta Cana Riu Palace was awsome, but I must say it is a Gem waiting to be found . Just about everything I have read and Experienced I would agree with to some degree. Yes the beds are hard 6 out of 8 of us prefered them ,the food I found so-so the other 7 enjoyed it . The pool was bigger than I thought , We payed the pool boy 1 dollar per chair per day and he saved a special area for us every day and when it was his day of he made sure one of his co-workers took care of us. Our maid we left her 5 dollars a day , they make 200.00 a month working 5 days a week 12 hour days we went there prepared to tip and tip well. Oscars Restaurant was great so was the steakhouse but with a group our size we realized it was easier to meet at the lobby bar and head of to the buffet when it was convienient for us and we were not dissapointed at all .. There are a few things that need to be ironed out but it wont be long before this resort becomes one of the carribean's most popular holiday spots.. Complaining only brings the people around you down, It's warm even if it rains there is a nice breeze and your not home your away from all responsibilities . We will be back in a couple of years that is for sure.. Lay back and enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rakdmd
<Content>Honest opinion Just returned from our vacation at the RIU-Palace, Punta Cana. Having read all of the various reviews on Tripadvisor, we really did not know what to expect when we got there. Now that we are back, I want to try to give an honest review in the hopes that it will help others who are considering a visit to the resort.We are a large family (five kids), so out of necessity our travel destinations are all-inclusive. That takes the hassles out of figuring out how/what to feed the masses. I like newer upscale resorts/hotels and, thus, do not skimp on accommodations.RESORT: Big and Beautiful resort. Tends to cater to adults, however, lots of kids of all ages were there when we were there. Of course, it was holiday week in the US. Lots of marble, tile, fountains, and manicured lawns. Lobby is unbelievable. Lots of space in the eating areas. Twenty foot ceilings in the common areas makes entire resort seem huge. Rooms are clean, large, and have a sitting/TV area and nice attached decks with privacy. Musty smell just like every other resort in the Caribbean. Had the same smell in Jamaica and Cancun. Baths are large with jacuzzi tubs and shower. Again, lots of marble. Candid photos are accurate depictions. Marble is VERY slippery when wet. Saw a lot of people slip and fall, including wife who just had back surgery. Resort is connected by a tiled and lit walkway to four other RIU resorts. Guests can use all facilities at each resort. We walked to every other resort at night. Safety is of NO concern as the people of DR tend to be proud and soft-spoken. Never got hassled like in Jamaica.BEACH: Beautiful and clean. Miles of beach to walk. No hassles at all on the beach. Plenty of chairs. EVERYONE saves chairs so get up early, use towel from previous day to save seat at pool or beach, and replace them with new after breakfast. Water is clear, sand is cool and soft, and NO weeds. Depending on wind direction, may have calm seas or great body surfing.FOOD: Pretty decent. Buffets tend to be repetitve, but this is an all-inclusive so we expect it. Plenty of choices that do change. Breakfasts are very good. Specialty restaurants are OK, not great. We tried everything and felt that the Brazilian restaurant was best. Mainly ate at the buffet so that we could eat when we wanted. Reservation system is both odd and a pain. Door actually opens earlier than stated time, but not consistently so some confusion. Regardless, we never had a problem getting a reservation. In additon, there were ALWAYS no-shows so you could probably just show up.STAFF: Only complaint with resort. Staff tends to be very nice. However, very few know ANY language but Spanish. We tried with some basic Spanish and did okay. However, if you absolutely must call out or arrange an important meeting, forget it. No one can help you. My recommendation would be for them to have someone fluent in English, French, and German in case of emergency. In case of emergency, get in touch with your tour director or any tour director in the lobby of the hotel. They are generally multi-lingual.Odds and ends: Phone cards do not work there. According to the manager, this is by design. They want you to use the room phones at $2 US/minute. Oddly, our cell phones (Verizon) worked fine there all over the resort. In conclusion, RIU-Palace Punta Cana is a nice, upscale, safe resort. It is not a place that you would go to if you are looking for a party. If that is your scene, go to Cancun. But if you want to relax in a beautiful resort, or you want a relaxing family vacation, I would definitely recommend it. Great bang for the buck!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Fandeme
<Content>Beauitiful but My husband and I just returned from our vacation at the Riu Place in Punta Canta. The weather was great. Lobby is beautiful. If you have already booked a room - try to get the rooms facing the pool or the water fountains. They gave us a room in the back which did not have a nice view at all. The beach is beautiful but walk to the left of the hotel at the beach - it is not as crowded there. You have to get there early to put towels on the lounges if you want to get a good spot with shade. If you want to make reservations for the restaurants you have to be in line around 9:30 a.m. which believe me is a crazy set up - been to alot of places have never seen this before. You have to do this every day. The doors open around 10:00 a.m. to make the reservations. Trust me - maybe just maybe the only one to try is the steak house. All the others are I'm sorry to say are disgusting. So I would recommend since you are going there. stick with the buffet. Try to sit outside although for breakfast not to many shady areas. Inside we discovered on the far left there is another section not as noisy. You feel like you are in a cafeteria. Buffet is okay - stick with the made to order food. The fruit drinks are very good also.The room was nice and clean. I gave the maid 2.00 a day to make the bed the way we wanted it double sheets one - on bottom of blanket the other on top. I have to say they knew we were not happy with the view and after a few days they sent a lovely bouquet of flowers - which I thought was very nice.Beside the food and the way the hotel is set up - One of the most important reasons I wouldn't go back is there is a musty smell in the room. One night I woke up choking from the smell. It may have been coming from the air conditioner - we called in the morning to I guess change the filter. But still there was a smell. When we got home all your clothers have to be washed to get the odor out. So did we have a nice time - yes we rested at the beach all day - but I would never go back to this hotel. I really want to write to the President. They put so much money into this hotel and because of the waiting in line, bad restaurants, need shade and more area to sit outside in the a.m. to eat and the must smell - people we met said they would never go back. Its a shame companies can't use there common sense and analyze how they have set up there hotels. I know you can't make everyone happy but some of these things - put huts or more plam trees on the beach. Its a joke thousands of dollars was spent on the lobby - put some of that money elsewhere - I didn't go to sit in the lobby. Well have a nice trip wherever you go - and lots of luck.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bijouSanDiego
<Content>absolutely most heavenly beach in the world The Riu Palace was absolutely wonderful.We were very skeptical after reading so many bad reviews, we didn't know what to expect.But our experience was great. We have been traveling for 25 years.I am not a beach person. I prefer Europe; its gourmet restaurants and museums. So, being in the Dominican Republic, a third world country,was quite a different experience for me and I LOVED IT First of all, I was pleasantly surprised to find such an original, clean AIRPORT.and loved the thached roofsThe ROAD to the Riu was good with a few gullies to stop speeders and not as bad as people had reported.All the Riu properties were well secluded and SECURED.Yes, the Riu Palace is PALATIAL. The architecture is beautiful and different and pleasing to the eye. Its RECEPTION area is again palatial and much better than 99 % of many( if not all) American hotels. I loved the design of the hotel in general. The long open hallway with its dark wooden walls reminded me of spanish/italian convent. The SUITES with its tiled floors were very confortable and much cleaner than many American hotels.And we are in a third world country.The SERVICE was great, plenty of clean towels and toileteries. fresh sheets, and we did not see one bug ( I was very worried about that ; mosquitoes and malaria). The least one can do is leave a couple dollars every day for the maid.People complained about the FOOD. The food was plentiful, well presented with some variation in the daily buffet menu. We did not go hungry. We certainly did not go to the Dominican Republic for its food. The SERVERS tried their very best to accommodate people. We wanted to tip and most refused. This is an all-inclusive in a third world country, so what can you expect? The wine was ok, so was the champagne. Yes, it could have been better but we did not come to DR for that. The ALCOHOL drinks were very good and you could ask for a specific kind of alcohol if you did not like their cheaper brands. No complaints there.The Specialty restaurants were worth trying but again this is not Europe and again I thought just as good as most American restaurants.A little Spanish help but a lot of the Riu employees speak a little English. Most were very FRIENDLY and always willing to help.The SHOWS were good, better than expected. I agree with most posts, This a resort for families with young children, and older people. The 18-30s would not have a great time at the PALACE. There is nothing for them to do at night.IF you are in your 20s and are there to get away form the stress of every day life, and all you want is sit on the beach all day and drink or whatever,then it is OK. but the night life is nil.  The BEACH. THE BEACH I LOVED the beautiful not grown (tall) palm trees with its jungle feel. Picking a spot among the many small palm trees, I thought I was in PARADISE. I spent hours lost and snuggled under the protection of its palm leaves feeling so very peaceful and alone with my husband even though there were many people enjoying the same thing I was. It just didn't feel like you were with people To me such an experience was worth every single penny and more  The only thing that shook me from this transe was the bad smell of the many motor boats. Unfortunately, that is what people want. We were told to be at the airport 3 hours before departure, I am not sure why but, in my opinion, it was not necesssary. We wanted a different experience and we did. We loved it and would recommend this resort. It is vey easy to complain and much harder sometimes to appreciate what one is given.Read as many posts as yo can to be better informed but in the long run, you are the only one that will make the vacation worth it and happy.Go, relax and enjoy. It is worth it.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Quita
<Content>Beautiful beach, great service!       The beach is perfect!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dotaway
<Content>RIU PALACE, PUNTA CANA - THE BEST OF THE BEST!!!!! I am a travel agent who traveled with a group of 16 friends to Riu Palace Punta Cana in February 2007 for two weeks. Some of the group stayed two weeks, others were there for 9 and 7 day vacations. The age range of the group is 40-66 years of age. I am speaking for the whole group as I write this review. All of us loved every aspect of the resort. This was our first vacation at a Riu and we could not have asked for a better vacation. Everything was new and sparkling clean and I do mean everything. You never saw anything out of place as everthing was attended to as soon as there was a spill. One member of our group remarked that she thought she was in Greece (referring to the beautiful white buildings). The buildings are so beautiful and you truly are treated likes Kings and Queens in your Palace. This is the first time I have seen top management out in the resort amoung the visitors. I can honestly say that the two top managers were in the resort from sun up to midnight, at least. I know this because I make a point of seeking them out to be sure I can get assistance if I need it. Both these gentlemen were in the lobby, and at the front desk area in the morning. They were in the restaurant s and hotel area during the day and both of them were standing at the door to the buffet restaurant every evening during the dining hours to greet us and welcome us to dinner. Then they were in the theatre area watching the shows and observing how the clients liked the shows, entertainment and service from the staff. You don't see this at other resorts; at least I never have. I have nothing but the very best to say about this resort, its management and staff. They all deserve a rating far above Excellent. The food was some of the best I have eaten at an all-inclusive resort. It far exceeded the expectations of all-inclusive in all of the theme restaurants as well as the buffet and that goes for all meals, every day. You have so many choices you can easily overeat trying to sample everything. The manager even set up two special dinners for our group and then was there to check to see if we were happy with the arrangements. It was marvelous. The attention to detail was evident everywhere and with everyone. It seems as though people knew what you wanted before you even asked for it and they were taking care of you before you even had to ask. The rooms were immaculate and the cleaning staff did a marvelous job. I liked the fact that you got turn-down service at night as well as clean towels so you had them for the morning. The guys and gals at the bars were so attentive and again we were served our drinks of choice without even asking after just a few days of being there. By the way, the run punch with the fresh fruit at the lobby bar is the very best. If someone writes a bad review about this resort they are not being truthful! The only thing I would suggest changing is having one line to sign up for all restaurants in the morning. I know people don't like to wait in line to make reservations but it is necessary because the resort is so big and the restaurants are very small (other than the buffet). I would suggest a person be available at each restaurant instead of one person taking care of reservations for all restaurants. Also, suggest these restaurants be opened to everyone on a first-come, first-serve basis 30 minutes past the dinner hour as most restaurants were only half full indicating folks had signed up but then changed their plans and left the restaurants with open seats. However, the buffet restaurant is so good this is not even a problem. If anyone wants to contact me please email dorothykp@aol.com and I will answer any questions you have. My suggestion - go to Riu Palace Punta Cana and have the vacation of a lifetime. You will not be sorry. Mucho Mucho Gracias Melkis!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TerryLeexx
<Content>What a "Bump"!       Hotel @ nite  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jodi1117
<Content>The best so far We were scheduled to stay at the RIU Palace Macao, but when we arrived in Punta Cana, we were informed that they were overbooked, so we were going to the Palace Punta Cana. Originally, we booked the Macao vs. the larger hotel. We wanted to have less people around the pool area. Well, then when we get to this hotel, it truly is a Palace. My husband and I felt treated very well, when we didn't like our room (and I spoke up about the hotel change), because our patio faced a wall and they were working almost outside our hall door on a staircase, w/ someone hammering away. So they showed us the upgraded suite, for less than $400 for seven days, we upgraded. We felt like Rock Stars! This is our second time staying in a RIU hotel, the first one was Riu Jalisco is Nuevo Vallarta. We were so impressed w/ that hotel, we wanted to try another RIU.The food was great, never a problem finding something to eat that we liked (I am a little fussier than my husband). You can drink 24 hours a day, w/ the sports bar open all the time. If you ask for a top rail drink, they'll get it, but you have to ask for it.The only complaint that we had, with other people we have talked to while we were there, was that the rooms had an odor, that came home w/ us in our suitcase. It's from the dampness, but the air conditioning barely takes out the humidity in the rooms. But we always had a breeze in the morning and night, so we would leave open the window and the patio door, to get the fresh air in.We complained, but there wasn't much to do about it.We would suggest taking candles or Febreeze along!Everything else, was really superb. I definitely would stay at another RIU hotel, without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeirdNJ
<Content>Great deal for the price!!! My husband and I stayed at the Punta Cana palace with another couple in early December. Overall, it was a very satisfying experience for the price. When you stay at the palace, you can use the amenities at all five other Riu properties along the beach. The pool and beach were beautiful, but the Riu is on the Atlantic Ocean and it is a bit windy. We liked the jacuzzi at the Riu Bambu much better than the one at the Palace. The jacuzzi at the palace is inside the spa in an open air building. There are jacuzzi's within the pool, but they are cold water jacuzzis (what's the point!). The jacuzzi at the Bambu is outside and is much more like the hot tubs that I'm used to.The things I liked:-There was a lot of food available. It wasn't the best food I ever ate, but it was pretty good. The Red wine in the Italian restaurant was much better than the wine in any of the other restaurants or at the bar.- Unlimited drinks. Vodka and Club soda, or Rum and Cokes are your best bet. The mixed drinks aren't that great and see above for the wine.- Very relaxing. For this particular vacation we just we wanted a stress free place to hang out by the beach or pool and not do much. That is exactly what this vacation provided. If your looking for a lot of activities, this is not the place for you. - The service. The waiters will bring your drink to you on the beach or at the pool. They are very appreciative of a tip and will treat you well.- There weren't many children running around. It was a adult vacation spot.- The massages. For a small price, you can get a massage in a hut by the ocean. Very relaxing.The things I didn't like:- The room smelled musty. I've seen the same comment in other reviews as well. Just wondering if this is because of the hot/rainy weather. It usually poured once a day for about 10 minutes, then stopped.- The entertainment. While I give them an A for effort, the entertainment just wasn't that good, but you do have to remember this is a third world country.- We got locked in our hotel room. We realized that there was a problem with our door when we checked in. We told the clerk, but they ignored us. Later in the vacation, we wound up locked in the room and the hotel staff had to crawl in through the patio to fix the door to fix it. Luckily, we were on the first floor. We took it in stride.Other things to note:The hotel staff doesn't speak English very well. Sometimes it takes awhile to get your point across. Also, as Americans, we were the minority at the hotel. Alot of Canadians and Europeans seem to go to the Dominican.All in all, we had a great vacation. You do have to remember that you are in a third world country so it's going to be different than going to Bermuda or to say, a Sandals resort in the Bahamas. The value for what we got was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sharonn
<Content>Amazing Eight of us (ages 35 - 78) went to RIU Palace Punta Cana from February 1st to the 9th. The resort is beautiful and probably the cleanest resort we've stayed in. The rooms are all junior suites so they have a small living room. We speak absolutely no Spanish and did not have a problem communicating. The staff was so nice and tried so hard. They clean your room in the morning and then come in again in the evening and replace your towels and turn down the beds. If you use a wash cloth, I suggest you either pack a couple in your suitcase or learn how to say it in Spanish. No one in our group got sick; however, we did talk to people that ate a lot the first night at the resort and got sick. Our group didn't overdo it the first couple of days and we were fine.The service was great. Everywhere we looked -- the beach, pool, restaurants and bars -- were waiters serving drinks. The hotel was full but we didn't have to wait in any lines for drinks. At 9:30 each morning we got in line for our dinner reservation and we were usually the 1st or 2nd person in line. We ate at all of the restaurants as well as a couple of nights at the buffet. We liked then all except for the Italian restaurant.Beach  Pool chairs, as well as tables, are an issue that the hotel needs to address. Some folks think that they should have chairs reserved at both the pool and beach. We are early risers so we went down to the beach about 8:30 each morning and got our chairs. There is plenty of shade and sun spots so that's not really a problem. We would go back again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>HNICE
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing vacation!!! My husband and I (both 30) just returned from a wonderful vacation at the Riu Palace Punta Cana!!! We booked our trip through TNT Vacations, which I highly recommend if you are from the Boston area. We used TNT in March 2005 as well for our trip to Aruba, and had excellent service both vacations. The charter flights are a bit tight, but fortunately the airline assigns seats based on when you check in. Since we are frequent travelers, we checked in at the last minute for both legs of the flight and managed to secure all three seats to ourselves. That little extra leg room goes a long way. As for our review of the Riu Palace Punta Cana:HOTEL: Upon arrival, we were greeted and checked in within minutes. Our room was very clean and just the right size. Of course there is a musty smell from the humidity, but after a few minutes you don't even notice it. The turn down and maid service were excellent. The king size bed is hard, however, we slept like babies every night. And the four bottles of liquor and refrigerator full of beverages were much appreciated!BEACH: The reason for taking a trip to Punta Cana!!! The beach was amazing! There were plenty of lounge chairs for everyone and a warm breeze to keep you cool while basking in the sun. There were plenty of palm trees around to take a nap under. The sand was so soft and the water a beautiful shade of turquoise. There were very small waves and no seaweed to worry about. We spent our entire vacation on the beach.POOL: The pool is a bit small for the size of this resort, and the water was a little too warm for our tastes. We did enjoy the swim-up bar for a cold pina colada in the afternoon. Despite the size of the pool itself, there were plenty of chairs and umbrellas for the guests, and the service was remarkable. We never had to wait for a drink!FOOD: We enjoyed the food at the Riu! There is something for everyone, and the service could not have been any better. The Dominicans are the nicest group of people we have ever met!! We made reservations for 4 of the 5 restaurants. Making the reservations took about 5 minutes of our time following breakfast. It is a very easy process! You don't even have to do it everyday since they allow you to book two of the restaurants the day before. The first night we ate at the buffet, Don Manuel, as well as every morning for breakfast. The assortment of food was plentyful and delicious. The pasta bar for dinner was a real treat! The second night we ate at the gourmet restaurant, Sir Oscar's. We both had lamb, which was remarkable. The next night we dined at the Brazilian restaurant, La Bodega. Again we enjoyed it! Monday, we had dinner at the Japanese restaurant. No it is not like what we have in the states, but the chicken and pepper teriyaki skewers were quite tasty. And the last restaurant we ate at was the Italian one, Luigi's. The hot and cold buffet to start was the best part, but our meals were enjoyable too. No complaints at all with regards to the food! Also, just as a side note, I have a very sensitive stomach, and had no problems at all!!!SPA: The day before leaving, my husband and I both enjoyed massages at the spa. We signed up for the free Riu membership card and received 25% off our massages. It came to $100 for two 50-minute, much needed massages! We booked them first thing in the morning, and received excellent service.Overall, it was a great vacation to sit on the beach and do nothing! My husband did leave one day to golf at La Cana golf course at the Punta Cana Resort  Club, which he said was a beautiful course to play. The additional cost of the caddy was an added bonus to his game. Punta Cana is the place to go if you need to get away from reality! I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MADLOU
<Content>Loved it! Just got back yesterday. We really loved the RIU Palace. The property itself is beautiful if somewhat grandiose. The Dominican people extremely pleasant. I have to say I was a little worried having read some of the reviews before we left. I am hard put to understand a negative review of this trip. The only valid complaint I read was the musty odor in the rooms. It's definitely there but I took the advise of another traveler and brought two glade plug-in air fresheners and everything was fine. And the food! Excellent. We never went to the restaurants, primarily because I'm not a fish eater and the menu's have a lot of fish but really the buffet was more than you could hope for. Quality and quantity. Service terrific. No corners cut here. And you still always felt like you were eating in a fine restaurant. Try it!The animation team was very good. Try the aquatic excercise in the pool twice a day. Stretching on the beach in the morning. Dance lessons along the beach. Great! In addition to a good workout it's lots of fun. Dancing under the stars after dinner is special.They don't make a big deal of it but going to the Palace gives you access to all the other RIU properties. Walk the path along the beach and you can go into each of them and have breakfast, dinner or a quick drink. They don't compare to the palace (although the people who stayed at them were more than happy) but it really makes your world bigger. You can also take part in their activities.Oh by the way, not too many Americans. Mostly English, German, Dutch and French. These people like topless so don't be shocked! We can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>glb2631
<Content>Great Hotel for the price...but Terrible Food!!! We got a steal of a deal on this hotel since it has just opened. The property is beautiful and the rooms are nice; however, beware! Take some snacks, b/c the buffets and restaurants are terrible. No taste and disgusting. The beaches are extremely beautiful and well worth the stay. The hotel offers nightly performances, which were usually pretty fun. Don't do the snorkeling trips offered at the beach. All the same fish and not worth the money. The view from the boat looking back to the hotel was amazing but the snorkeling itself was a waste of money. I would definitely revist Punta Cana but would possibly check into other hotels, b/c we almost didn't survive on pizza for 8 days. I do believe, though, that this hotel was one of the prettiest in the area, possibly b/c it was new!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wonderbear
<Content>"Never As Good as the First tTime" I went to the Dominican Republic for the first time Labor Day weekend, in search of beautiful beaches. I painstakenly took my time trying to find a nice hotel and finally selected the Palace. The Palace was the newest of the Riu properties in Punta Cana and also advertised as the most luxurious. The flight was very simple from Atlanta. Once arriving at the airport there were no problems. We were charged a $10 fee to enter the country. Also, as soon as you enter the airport you are greeted by beautiful Dominican natives in costume that you take a picture with and can purchase upon departure from the country. When I arrived at the Palace I was impressed with the lobby, it was very grandiose. We were greeted with a delicious cold drink and had no problems checking in. My sister speaks fluent Spanish, however the staff spoke English quite well and I never had a problem with communication. I did pay a little extra for a deluxe suite and would recommend going this route. One of my friends got a standard room which I did not like, it was too small and dark and not a good lay out(However he got a free upgade to a luxurious penthouse suite with a winding staircase that led to a private jacuzzi on a terrace!! very nice) Every staff member was wonderful, extremely helpful and bent over backwards to make your stay memorable. I also enjoyed the animation team. I took dance lessons on the beach and aerobics in the pool every day.SPA!I did visit the spa for a massage and was not impressed at all. A folding screen separated myself and the other client. My masseuse stayed in the room while I undressed and just generally seemed very tired. The spa did not match the hotel AT ALL. There was no relaxation room, no lockers, no sauna, steam room, water, juice or tea offered, notta. I really feel Riu should close down the spa until it can be TOTALLY revamped and just offer in room massages or massages in the cabanas poolside or on the beach, because what they have now is a joke.BON APPETIT!We enjoyed the food! The breakfeast buffet was my favorite. They had omelette stations or you could get your eggs prepared any way you wish. Also they had a wonderfl juice bar where they would make fresh juice smoothies for you! Lunch and dinner buffet was also delicious! No one in my party got sick, and we all tasted everything! We did stay clear of ice and tap water, this was never a problem because the beverages were chilled. Our favorite restaurant was the steakhouse! The steak was delicious and the service was great!THE BEACH!The beach was exactly what I hoped for, very clean soft sand, incredibly clear turquoise water and no rough waves, actually what waves?? The temperature of the water as just right. The beach was never too crowded and there were always more than enough lounge chairs.EXCURSIONS!I highly recommend the Carribean Carvival snorkeling excursion. This is the best snorkeling trip I've ever been on. The snorkeling itself was average but the show that is part of the excursion is worth the trip! I never laughed so much in my life! I will not tell all the details but it was worth it, please book this one!!Plus I got to swim with sharks and sting rays, very cool..ROOMS!I had no problem with my room, I never smelled anything musty. I did pack a nice travel candle though which I highly advise. The maid service was timely and we did enjoy the towel art each day also the fridge as always well stocked. We did have a problem with the very large shower not draining properly. We called and someone promplty came to fix it, but it still never drained properly. The room is handsomedly decorated, and the large bathroom with a seperate room with the toilet and bidet appreciated. Each night we had turn down service and they left us cough drops on the pillow..... maybe they thought it was candy??:)THE NATIVES!I must admit I fell in love with the Dominican people. It is a very poor country and that is evident as you tour, however the people were some of the most genuinely sweet people I've ever met. Make sure to book an excursion that includes a visit to the schools. The children are absolutely beautiful and so well mannered.LAST WORDS, I PROMISE... In conclusion I really liked the Riu Palace, I did visit the other Riu properties and was not impressed at all, go for the Palace, you won't be disappointed. However this resort is not a party scene. The palace is great if you're looking for pure relaxation. We enjoyed the nightly shows but they end early and you are left to your own imagination. I think the Rui Palace is nice for couples, families,and an older crowd. 20 somethings would be bored out of their minds! I'm headed back to the Dominican tomorrow, but I know its never as good as the first time...  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Winterb
<Content>Facilities        Opulent lobby  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dhanda9
<Content>5 Star for the price We stayed at this resort in the last week of November. We had a fabulous time. Resort - Gorgeous! Very CLASSY looking with TASTEFUL decor. I'm very picky with my surroundings  i didn't see any bright, tacky coloured decorations. The rooms were plain but nice. Although, the mattresses are a bit hard. TV - Cable selection's pretty good.Staff - Extremely nice  polite. We were moved by the kindness of the staff here. They were very sincere  extremely hard working  super nice. They really do go a long way to make sure your stay will be perfect.Food - As with any Carribean destination, you can't expect 'Four Seasons' quality food. I would say the food was good, better than most carribean resorts. Good selection at Don Manuel's, the buffet. Tip for the buffet: don't feel obligate to try everything at the buffet each night. For example, they had a pasta bar one night, so all we had was pasta  bread. We were very choosy with what we put on our plate  we avoided being sick of the food by the end of our trip. There are 2 lunch buffet's. The one by the poolside is open until 4pm.For breakfast, we got room service everyday - nice selection of pastries, eggs, toast, cereal. Some days I went to Don Manuel's  made a plate of bacon, eggs, hash browns  toast  brought it back to my room to eat. The only specialty restaurants I'd recommend trying out would be the Steakhouse  Sir Oscars. I only recommend these b/c it's a nice break from Don Manuel's  it gives you a different ambiance. The food is so-so. I did however like the shrimp cocktail appetizer at Sir Oscar's. You have to line up by 9:30am by Luigi's to make reservations for specialty restaurants  these 2 restaurants sell out first. To be honest, I liked the buffet dinners better. Like I said, you can't get North American standards at these resorts. I wouldn't bother with the Japanese. We didn't try the Brazilian or Italian. Liquor - We did get sick of drinking the mediocre beer  wine. One thing for sure is that the quality  selection of the liquor is more like 3 star. I drank mostly champagne  vodka/sodas. I didn't like the wine much. Shows - We did catch their shows each night for at least an hour.. I enjoyed them b/c the lounge area was nice and it was nice having a drink w/ my hubby after dinner  enjoying the entertainment (again, not like Las Vegas style shows - so don't expect anything like that - but they work REALLY hard to put a good show on) :-)Other stuff - be careful drinking tap water  try staying away from ice. We didn't have a single ice cube the entire trip. We made sure we were stocked up with a jug of purified water they provided us daily in our room. I drank club soda, with no ice  lemon all day long at the beach. We spent an hour before dinner at the lounge/piano bar daily. It was a nice spot to have a pre-dinner drink or cappaccinno.Final thoughts - If you're going to Punta Cana and want a quieter resort, one in which you won't have to fight for a lounge chair or amenities, one w/ excellent service  a more luxurious feel, I'd highly recommend it here.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Redhatter-2
<Content>Enjoyed the Palace We've been home a week following a wonderful holiday at the Riu Palace Punta Cana. We enjoyed every moment of a remarkable vacation. The resort is truly beautiful---we chose a Suite over a Jr' Suite and had a corner room with a wrap around balcony with a view of the courtyard and the ocean. The walk in closet was a nice touch complete with a full length mirror and 72 wooden hangers. We solved the slight musty odour (and it was slight) with a can of Fabreze---no problem at all. The naid was in twice a day doing a very thorough job however we were amused by the Halls Cough Drop left on our pillow each evening---a bit unusual.The food although good did not compare to Secrets Capri, Mayan Riviera however the Brazillian restaurant was exceptional., we never had any problem reserving a specialty restaurant nad manage to dine at each of them.Our only complaint would be the road to and from the airport however they are in the process of building a more exceptable highway. The beach is beautiful---white sand and turquoise water. There is always some activity for those wishing to participate and just enough shopping to make it interesting---the boutiques on the Palace grounds although limited, offer some very nice fashions and acessories. Then there's Carribbean Street to wonder.We came fortified with bug spray which was never required---I saw a fly, a moth and Hubby spied a small salamander in the entire week. Malaria tablets were recommend by our Dr which we are taking as perscribed but we never saw a single mosquito even in the cool of the evening.We were more than pleased with our choice of destination and would recommend it to anyone wanting a romantic, peaceful holiday. Go and enjoy.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunluvvver
<Content>Loved our trip and hotel, very few problems. I definately think people are being way toooooo picky. The hotel and area was beautiful and a lot of fun, with very few problems. Everyone can find something negative to say, but this is vacation. The hotel lobby was beautiful and the beach was gorgeous, the staff very friendly and tried to please you often. We brouht a plug in from reading other reviews and the smell was not that bad. The beds were a little hard, but not unbearabele.The food was good, not great. I loved the brazilian restaurant--several courses of good meat also Sir Oscars was good. Our waitress was very sweet and greeted us with champagne when we entered. We loved her and tipped her $5.00. The buffets were also very good. I just wished the 24 hour sports bar had pizza or something better than microwave burgers, chips and cheese, and hot dogs. The food can NOT be described as inedible.There was a language barrier but if you know a very little spanish you are fine and there is always someone that will help you translate. You meet people from everywhere and that is fun. We are from Michigan, USA and it was nice meeting and talking to people all over the world. My biggest suggestion is that for younger people, I am mid 30's the Palace Punta Cana was an older crowd and very boring at night, but if you don't mind the walk the other hotels are very lively. They had funner bartenders and a fun talkative friendly crowd. The workers remembered us each night and what we were drinking the night before, our hotel bartenders at the Palace did not remember, tipping does go a long way with some staff. A couple dollars, for the most part.I think the hotel could have been better at letting guests know what is going on at the other Riu hotels such as the outdoor parties on the Caribbean Street, it was a blast and we just happen to catch it by walking down that way. A concierge or information area on each nightly activity would be nice or a newsletter every other morning in your room.The excursions were mixed for us, Saona Island was very crowded and a long drive to get on the slow moving Catamarran. However, we loved the Outback Safari and will do it again. If you plan to go or do it, bring a little something for the school children and you stop by a school such as books, stickers, candy, etc. If you want to shop, do not do it at your Resort, especially not for cigars, liquor, coffee, etc. We got all that at the Safari trip and the deals were wonderful. We bought cigars, rum, souvenir pictures with parrots and a little monkey, mamajuana, vanilla, coffee, cocoa, brown sugar, cinnamon stick-all for very cheap.The spa was different, good prices, services were good but there is a language barrier and they have a long way to go such as robes, dressing lockers, showing you the facilities, etc. Sign up for a Rui Card for a discount, really worth the money. The roman style bath house in the back of the spa was great, but I wouldn't have known about it except that I read about it in a review previously. We would love to go back to Punta Cana in a few years and see how it is rapidly changing. We loved the Dominican people and would strongly consider visiting a different area in D.R. such as Santo Domingo or Purto Plata to compare. We are also looking at other Rui hotels to stay at such as Aruba. We liked the hotel chain and would like to see others. We have been elsewhere such as Jamaica, Hawaii, all over Mexico, etc and this area is just as wonderful and a better value.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilovecalgary
<Content>Beaches are beautiful, food terrible!! My husband and I were so excited to go on our one week vacation to Punta Cana. It was a long flight 8 and a half hour flying time.The Riu Palace Punta Cana is a beautiful looking resort. Our room was nice. The sheets felt horrible and the bed was very hard. It seems everywhere you go the floors are marble or some other slippery when wet product. I slipped a couple of times and one morning wiped right out in a puddle I didn't see. The beach was beautiful and the grounds well maintained. The pool area was very busy and we paid the towel guy to hold us some chairs in the morning - it was worth the $5.Unfortunately the food was absolutely terrible. This is supposed to be a 5 star resort, that would include food. Part of a vacation is looking forward to a decent meal and wine.The service at the front desk was not good. Either people could not speak English (and we tried very hard to communicate in Spanish) or just chose not to help us out.We would never go back.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Antoon
<Content>Still at the Riu I am Dutch and still at the Riu Palace Punta cana at this very moment. I went to an internet center outside the hotel where they charge you 1 dollar per hour !!!Over all it is not as bad as I read in some previous reviews. Though I admit the bed is hard, there is a nasty smell in the room - but as they say, one gets used to it - , alcoholic drinks are not from thee highest quality and soft drinks are not to drink - too much sugar - and they do not speak English at all. They do repeat all the time - no problem, dominican Republic - but never understand what you are explaining them. Sometimes I think they come from another planet... The food could be better but bare in mind they cook for more than thousand tourists at the time. So don麓t expect the quality nor the service you are are used to at home. The Japanese however is a complete disaster. Last night they did not bring us at all what we ordered. The waiter was not really interested and tried to make us understand we should eat what they served ! And who paid my stay ? Animation could be better; nor I or my beloved wife are interested in xxxxxx adventure with one of those guys. It seems they are looking all the time to make some extra money with elder or lonesome men or ladies. This should not be permitted in a decent hotel. We come here to relax.xxxxxxxxxxx. In general the other staff is friendly: receptionists are very helpful, waiters do their best although they bring you the wrong drinks all the time. Our rep. is hardly ever in the hotel so we booked 2 excursions through a local small touroperator. Far more interesting than the tours we did before; small groups, very personalized and they took us to places were others do not go. I dare say we have seen real dominican life without any comercial purposes ( they did not take us from one boring shop to another). We found this company through google by writing wimpypuntacana. It is really worth it. And the prize was far more reasonable. We did not know that there is so much to see outside the hotels ( plantations, real jungle, waterfalls, and much more). It is true that the beaches are fabulous, it is always sunny ( though the sea is pretty rough at the Riu Palace Punta Cana) and dominicans are friendly as long as you tip them. I do not know if we are going back to this resort as we stayed at the Majestic before. There food was better and we loved the big pool.Price - quality the Riu Palace Punta Cana could be much better.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	5	2	2	

<Author>FunkyCouple
<Content>Amazing Palace       Jr. Suite Room  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Ranch1r
<Content>Trouble in Paradise... Group of 13 friends (single, couples in our mid-20's) stayed at the RIU Palace in Punta Cana over New Year's. Good:Beach was amazing (however there were rough waves, seaweed... doesn't bother me, but does the ladies)Scuba Diving had bad visibility, but sea was extremely rough. Could be good diving in calmer seas.Beach Volleyball Court was used quite oftenSand was perfectHotel Lobby and exterior architecture was best feature of hotel after the beachPool bar was used, but no hot tubs.Four Bottle alcohol dispenser in your room (not the high quality, premium booze promised on the website, but a luxury to have a dispenser in your room)Mini-bar with soft drinks, beer, and a gallon bottle of water in fridge (re-filled every day) The gallon jug of water will become your new best friend throughout the trip.Breakfast is best meal of the dayCable TV in room - great movie channels (english and spanish)Bad:Rooms - (hard bed, horrible blankets, sheets, and pillows, musty smell that stays with your clothes and bags well after trip is over). Be prepared to wash/dry-clean everything, even if you did not wear it. Floors were also very slippery, so be careful. Saw someone slip every 20 minutes or so.Food - not inedible, but almost there. If your significant other is a picky eater, then they will only be eating lettuce and fruit the entire trip.*** Beware the mussels - member of our entourage was sick for 36 hours due to a bad mussel. You do not want more details than that.Food is definitely left out longer than it should be and touched by all tourists. Witnessed people touching food then putting it back countless times.I basically ate pasta the entire trip 鈥?became afraid to eat anything else.Casino - is in another hotel in the RIU complex (15 minute walk) and is almost certainly rigged...not just saying this because we all lost, everybody we spoke to in hotel was saying this. Texas Hold'em table especially due to same locals in same seats every night. Also, ask the three-card poker dealer to guess your cards every hand鈥hey will almost every time.Service was sub-par - but staff means well. Tried to tip every chance I could based on reading previous reviews, but did not think that it made a difference at all.Staff will barge into your room with master key any chance they get to re-fill fridge, no knocking at all.Booze - there was a lack of quality alcohol as well. There is no scotch and the wine is almost unbearable, almost as if it came straight from the box.24-hour late night snacks consisted of microwavable hamburgers and nachos...that's it.As you can tell, the negatives grossly out weigh the positives. If you have not guessed, we will not be returning to the RIU Palace Punta Cana. This was our first experience with RIU hotels and will almost certainly be our last unless forced to return.Punta Cana has beautiful beaches and weather. It is a short flight from Florida and worth the trip, but do yourself a favor and avoid the RIU Palace Punta Cana unless you can deal with the negatives listed above. Don't say I did not warn you.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>jhanni
<Content>The truth about the Palace 1-26 through 1-29 at the Riu Palace.The weather was too sunny, the drinks were too cold, the rooms were too clean, the staff was too friendly and the toilet paper was too soft. I bought bug spray and didn't even remove it from the bag.Please don't believe what you read....I've been to the D.R. five times and this place is great. The only downside is having to see over 50 women topless and over 50 men in thongs.Is it not gourmet cuisine you will be served, but you are in a 3rd world country all-inclusive resort that is feeding close to a thousand people at once. Book it and enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Judy29
<Content>Loved the Riu Place Punta Cana We just got back from the Rio Palace Punta Cana Hotel last night, January 27. If you want to go a vacation to really relax, enjoy the ocean, the pool, eat and drink; this is the place to do it. It is a really beautiful hotel, and one of the nicest from the lobby to any room at this hotel. Probably one of the nicest on the island. We have been to some very nice hotels and we would definitely go back to this one again.  From the way the grounds are situated, very few rooms view the ocean. But, all the suites are air conditioned with ceiling fans, sunken living rooms, balcony and clean. Bathrooms are big, double sinks, marble, jacuzzi tub. If you do not use A/C, or do not know how to use it with the fan, you might notice the island scent (which is kind of nice, as it is an island). Regarding language, not all of the staff speak English, but there are plenty of key employees (you can tell who they are) that do speak English and many other languages. If you have a question, you just have to ask the right person. The staff were always polite and ready to serve. Not much to tour here, but we knew that before we arrived. The beach was absolutely beautiful and the lounge chairs situated within palm trees. The ocean at this hotel was not rough, not cold, no shells and easy to get and out of, just perfect.The pools were also refreshing, and staff pulls in a crowd every day at designated times, to teach dancing (in/out of the water), water aerobics and games. I usually just watch, until now, but if you do not participate, it is your loss as it was fun. Get up early to get the best chairs (both at ocean and pool). Or, you can most likely get a lounge later, or move one to where you want it, just not the best location, until lounges become available. It was strange to have to make a reservation for dinner every morning for either the 6:30 PM, or the later sittings, if you want to go the gourmet restaurants. We made reservations. But, you can always eat at the buffet. The buffet was also good, but you just serve yourself. The buffet had lobster (twice), not served at the gourmet restaurants. Go to the buffet after dinner to try it. Overall the food was very good and plenty of it. Unless you are a very picky eater, there has to be something you will like.Every night after dinner, you can stroll up and down by the fountains, and then sit at these small iron tables in the piazza. You can enjoy coffees, liquors, dessert, or just enjoy music and singers starting at 9PM under the stars. This was great, very very enjoyable. It is not like entertainment on a cruise, but you can get up and dance. And, should you do not have a partner to dance with, there is entertainment staff that goes out through the tables and invites you to dance with them so you can get up (same staff from the pool earlier in the day). Nothing pushy and everyone gets to enjoy themselves.Before we arrived at this hotel, we read other reviews and thought me might just have to make the best of a poor choice. To our surprise, everything was great, and we would defintely like to go back to the Riu Palace in Punta Cana again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mickandbrenda
<Content>Not worth the price of admission       entrance at night  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>lovetrippinUtah
<Content>Well Worth It My husband and I (35  24) stayed at the Palace from January 10th to the 18th. After reading the reviews I also was a little nervous upon arriving but walking into the hotel relieved a lot of my jitters. The ride to the hotel was an interesting one, but you need to remember you ARE in a 3rd world country and they live a totally different lifestyle than you. I enjoyed the ride very much because you are able to see how they live their everyday life. The lobby of the hotel was Vegas beautiful. Simple elegance goes a long way. our room was very nice looking into the courtyard. We kept our deck door open at night to have the background water. Our room was always clean and although you could smell a little musty the first day you got used to it and it never bothered us. We left a few necklaces we bought for our kids on the nightstand with $20 and when returning there was a note saying we left our valuables out and needed to pick them up at the front desk. It was nice to know they were honest people. The hotel literally shut down at midnight and even being a younger couple we enjoyed sitting on our deck and relaxing late into the evening. this hotel is not a party hotel. It catered to an older group yet there were quite a few young families. My husband and I went to the spa everyday. Very relaxing!! On my third spa treatment there was a maid that kept coming in my room (as I was half naked) and i just mentioned something to the front desk and got a comped session. I believe the workers have the best intentions. We did a few excursions and honestly I dont think it was worth the time or money. On a Sunday my husband ended up renting a taxi for the day to show us around the island. That was very worth it. It gave us a glimpse into their lives and we also got to see a lot of beautiful scenery. All in all we had a fabulous time. It was a very relaxing and calm trip but it was what we were looking for. The beach was the cleanest I have seen. I really enjoyed my stay and plan on going back.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FAIRSKYS
<Content>Total R  Returned this weekend from a stay at the Palace  since I use this site frequently when considering new hotels, I thought I'd pass on a few of my own observations. I've traveled throughout the Caribbean and this was my 3rd visit to Punta Cana. For my husband and me, the draw of Punta Cana IS the beach - we had planned ( succeeded!) on doing very little but enjoying the beach and the gorgeous, warm turquois water. Our weather was ideal! The hotel and/or pool scene for us is secondary. We chose the Palace because it was new and we had stayed at the Riu Palace in Cabo last year and enjoyed good service and a lovely room. Go to this hotel for the BEACH - its beyond gorgeous here and further down @ Bavarro too.I booked our trip directly from the Riu site - they offered pricing that matched any other offers I could find and included the courtyard view. The booking also included airport transfers via Hotelbeds - I was skeptical about this a bit, but sure enough the Hotelbeds rep had our names and was expecting us at the airport - we were out, privately, which was nice, within 5-10 minutes with just enough time to grab a few cold Presidentes. Lazy Americans in total decompression mode that we were, we did not bother to meet the rep to make return arrangements, but were pleasantly surprised to find a note slipped under our door the night before our departure that included all of the details. Very cool. Do not worry if you booked your own trip and are using Hotelbeds for your transfers!Check-in was seemless. We were in room 0061 overlooking the main courtyard - this proved to be a great room. Good temperature/sun control, nice location right off the ramp, on the first floor but the balcony is not accessible from the grounds; GREAT people watching. Bed: great for sex, and yeah pretty firm - have an extra drink. Noise was not an issue, although we like to sleep with the balcony door open and could hear the partiers on return everynight about 3:30 - maybe the disco closes at 3? no big deal. Yes its musty - its the caribbean. We've found actually limiting the use of the airconditioning helps hotel rooms near any shore stay fresher smelling - open it up and let in the fresh air in! Febreeze will eventually get the Caribbean funk out of your suitcases... As other reviewers observed, the clientele was predominately European and middle-aged to older. We were traveling for a romantic escape and didn't mind only socializing with other American / Canadian couples our age occassionally. If you don't really like each other or need a bigger social scene, I'd still recommend this hotel, but travel with a few other couples. There were maybe a dozen gay couples enjoying the same week we were - this has never bothered us at all, but I'll throw it out there in case there are any uptight conservatives reading the review who might want to take that into consideration. There were also several families with young children - they seemed to be enjoying themselves too.The food - its fine! Its an all inclusive: they're all pretty much the same, and this one I'd give higher marks than average. We observed very cleanly handling  preparation. Best meal: lunch open-pit pork BBQ (wednesday or maybe thursday?) No gastrointestinal issues (beyond those associated with just too much Rum!) We prefer to eat outside for all of our meals: we tip unless the service is poor, and by the second day the waiters recognized us and would help us to a nicer outdoor table and bring us drinks, etc. The draft beer sucked (same presidente label at the Iberostar but it was MUCH better!) but the bottled Brahma  Presidente are okay. Wine/Champagne were cheaper but acceptable - The rum of course is fabulous. Its not fine dining or the Ritz Carlton to be sure, but you'd have to be seriously elitistly challenged not to be able to enjoy the food and drink offered here.I did require a visit to the Doctor (scary thought in the DR, isn't it?) for ear trouble that had me concerned about flying home: there is a clinic in the complex at Caribe Street in Riu Bambu - 10 minute walk. Doc spoke English - had a real degree...I avoided going for 2 days and then was glad when I finally did. so just in case...Hope this review is helpful - Enjoy your holiday!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mochaCalgary
<Content>Too much ambiance and not enough class We arrived in the Dominican on January 3rd for a 7 day all inclusive at the Riu Palace. As soon as we checked into our room we wanted to come home, I was 5 and a half months pregnant and we brought our one year old daughter with us. I should mention we鈥檙e 32 and 33 years of age. My husband and I were a little put off by the restaurant reservations, because you need to make one and you need to stand in the one line to get a reservation at one of the 6 restaurants that are only open for dinner. There is only one restaurant for breakfast and it鈥檚 buffet and only one for lunch that鈥檚 open from noon to 3pm. Which was fine. The food was not gourmet by any stretch; however, I found it clean at the buffets and decent. I didn鈥檛 get sick once, however, I only ate at the Italian restaurant once and it was mediocre at best and had only 5 main courses, we ate at the buffets the rest of our stay. The restaurants reservations we鈥檙e at 6:30 or 8:30pm, you couldn鈥檛 get a 7pm reservation, there were two seatings at eat restaurant and two only.The buffets were decent, my husband did get a little stomach upset on day 3 and it lasted for most of the trip, however, I stayed away from most of the fruit unless I peeled it myself and didn鈥檛 eat a lot of the meats and no fish at all. Where as he ate all of it. Room service was decent, we only ate the club house sandwich, and it鈥檚 cold when it gets to your room but it was ok. The 24/7 all inclusive is three fridges in the smoky sports bar that has hot dogs, hamburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches you would heat up in the microwave in the bar and there were little containers of fresh fruit.The hotel itself was beautiful, granite and marble, however your 45 minute bus ride through all the poverty was a little upsetting for me anyways. The roads are terrible and pot holes are bigger than small cars, so the buses have to slow to almost a stop to get over them.The pool was lovely, really, really busy but beautiful, you have to go down however at about 8 am to reserve a sunchair or you won鈥檛 get one, everyone goes down and gets their chair reserved and then goes for breakfast or spa鈥檚 or works-out, half the time your going to notice that chairs have stuff on them but you won鈥檛 see people all day. The beach is packed as well as people do the same thing and sometimes, reserve poolside and beach so they have chairs to go back and forth too, I found this a bit annoying.It was very busy and I didn鈥檛 feel that it was too relaxing there. The staff鈥檚 English is not great, however, if you tip well as we did at the pool and kept going back to the same spot you get pretty good service. There is no shopping at all, unless you want to buy a ton of knock off designer handbags and shoes.There isn鈥檛 really any place to walk, the only street is caribean street and that connects all the riu hotels, the beach is busy and I found that was the only place you could walk up and down.I also felt a bit trapped, like I was on a cruise ship, as you can鈥檛 leave the resort and with small children I wouldn鈥檛 have. Unless you just drink in the pool that鈥檚 really all there is to do. I think when I鈥檓 older and don鈥檛 have the energy to go anymore this would be the place for me. But after 3 days I had plenty of this vacation.All in all I didn鈥檛 find it for families, and the food was mediocre and the service was mediocre and I wouldn鈥檛 go back.Also there is a smell to your room and when you come home your stuff smells like mold and it takes a bit to get out, my daughters stroller was left outside for three days when we came home and it still smelled I had to take it apart and was the components, when your there you don鈥檛 really notice the smell, but it鈥檚 79% humidity so you can鈥檛 really escape the musty odour.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>livandrea
<Content>Great time at the RIU Palace Punta Cana My family and I stayed at the hotel from Jan. 6 - Jan. 13. After reading several reviews on the RIU Palace Punta Cana on this site I was a little nervous about what to expect. I found the other reviews helpful in preparing for our trip so I thought I'd throw my two cents in as well.The hotel is certainly not without its problems. The first two nights we stayed there our toilet would not stop running and wouldn't flush. We managed to get somebody up to our room to fix it for good and recieved daily calls from the desk for the rest of our stay making sure everything was in working order. The rooms do smell a little musty, however I've never been anywhere with such high humidity that the rooms don't smell musty. My brilliant cousin thought ahead and packed a candle for our room. The rooms were nice with a spacious balcony. The breakfast is wonderful, service is stellar. No complaints about lunch either. The one place I would caution against is the steak house. I've had a better meal from street vendors...seriously it's that bad. Sir Oscar's is fabulous, the buffet is great too, once you figure out what you like! Drinks are definitely not watered down and I was quite a fan of the rum...very good mixing rum. I found, like many reviews say, that tipping goes a long way. The employees of the hotels work so hard (literally from 11am-2am every day for some...I asked) and certainly deserve it and are appreciative. We never had a problem finding chairs at the beach at any time during the day. You just have to look around a bit. The beach is very beautiful with some of the softest sand I have ever felt. Most of the staff knows conversational English, though I certainly am not a traveler who expects to be spoken to in English in a foreign country. I know enough conversational Spanish that it worked out quite well. We took two tours while there...the outback safari through Apple Vacations and a snorkeling tour. The safari was great. The Dominican countryside is lovely. The snorkel tour was so so...the reef was great though, lots of fish...comparable to Cozumel. Overall I'd completely recommend this resort to anybody staying in Punta Cana. It's goregous!!! We are already planning our trip back next year.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prairiechic
<Content>Very relaxing vacation I, like many travellers, use this site as a basis, not bible, for my vacation picks. I must say I was a little sceptical at first with all the negative reviews, after all, how bad can a week in the sun really be. So we went with quite an open mind. This was our first trip to the Domincian Republic as we have been to Cuba, Manzanillo, and Mayan Riviera.First off the beach was the highlight of the trip. Wow, beautiful beyond belief, nicest we have ever seen. The weather was somewhat of a surprise for us though. It was very very humid, so girls if you're planning on keeping some kind of hair do-- good luck (lol).. The temperatures hovered around 28 Celcius the whole week, but some days with the humidex, it felt near 40 C (104 F). We did get rain almost every day, but it only lasted a couple minutes, then BAMM heat heat heat!As much as we like to sit and relax, we do like the odd excursion, so opted for the trip into Santo Domingo. It was a long drive into the city, but the country side was amazing. What is even more amazing are the driving skills of the Domincans. You'll find this out on your transfer from the airport to your hotel (yikes!). All that aside, I'm so glad we took a day to see the capital (and oldest) city of the Americas.Unfortunately the only other excursion we even felt remotely interested in was the same day as the city tour, so we didn't go anywhere else.The weather was so hot, we couldn't even do our couple of hours of beach volleyball without overheating. Although there were a few days that wouldn't have been too bad, but the wind was blowing so strong, there's no way you could have carried on a game.We did find ourselves more than ready to go home for the first time on our vacation travels. The language barrier was horrific. It seemed like everyone just looked at each other and were almost afraid to speak, for fear of misunderstanding, so usually nothing was said in passing, sitting at the pool bar, beach, etc.One thing I do have to wonder about though are the negative reviews on the food and rooms?!? I'm probably the most picky eater for travelling, and there was not one single time that I thought ew, what's that or that was horrible. I can honestly say that the food at this resort was very very comparable to the 5 star we stayed at the Mayan Riviera. We didn't even bother with the alacartes becauuse were totally satisfied with the buffet!The rooms, ya there's a musty odor, but with a humidex like that what do you expect. I did bring along a plug in air freshener and that seemed to solve the odor problem.Would we go back? Probably not, we like to try different places. Would we recommend it to other travellers? Absolutely! But..... if you are the type of traveller that gets bored easy, I would maybe think twice about the Dominican in general, not just this resort.I really hope I helped some of you with your decision. BTW, the only insect I saw was a butterfly, and dragonfly. No ants, mosquitoes, not even any sea gulls to bug you on the beach!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Miss_Jenn
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana was Excellent We stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from Jan 10-17th 2007. We found the hotel to be beautiful and worth the additional money that was charged compared to the other Riu resorts in Punta Cana. The beach was very nice, the service was exceptional in all the hotel areas. The rooms were very nice with 2 twin beds pushed together to make a king. Granite adorned the bathroom and the tub was a nice soaker jaccuzzi unit. Everything in the room was modern, the television offered aprox 10 english speaking channels, had a sunken television area in the room with a couch and a small balcony. The service in the rooms was fine and we found that leaving a $1 US tip for the maids bought us some towel art and additional mini-bar drinks. There were two maid services per day with the second being a turn down service in the evenings. One note that we found was the maid service in the mornings started at 9am was was noisy if you were trying to sleep in. I would recommend asking for a top floor suite as the maids on the floor above us would move the funiture to make the beds in the mornings and it woke us up more than once. On a positive note we were always near the front of the line to reserve a seat at the a la carte of our choice (you should be there in line by 9:30 to guarantee a dinner reservation). We ate at all the a la carte restraunts at the palace and enjoyed each of them with the exception of the Italian restaurant which had very poor pairings of its meat and sauces. Our favorite a la carte was the brazil but watch your appitite... there are 5 courses of meat that is shaved off skewers... it was delightful!! A couple of tips... you need to make sure you catch the Michael Jackson show in the show lounge- it was exceptional!! Sign up for a Riu card at the front desk if you plan on getting any spa packages or doing anything that is additional money on the waterfront-- we saved 25% on the spa packages and 15% on para sailing... well worth the 5 mins that it took to apply for the free reward card! Tip the beach towel kiosk workers and they will reserve your pool side lounger for you for the next day!! There can be good deals from the street vendors but make sure you know your prices before starting to barter with them or you will get ripped off. Overall we would recommed the Riu Palace Punta Cana and will go back. Lovely resort, good people, good food, excellent time.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>smcg2007
<Content>Stay Away!!! My husband and I just returned from 5-nights at the Riu Palace with two other couples. The six of us were looking forward to a nice relaxing break and had heard great things from reliable sources about the Riu. The reports could not have been more wrong!! If you consider yoursel at all a foodie or are used to high-end vacations, do yourself a favor and stay away!! We realized immediately upon arrival that we had made a mistake, but we tried to keep an open mind. The food was the same at every meal and virtually inedible. If not for the fruit, I literally would have starved (and I'm 6 months pregnant, so I was trying to make an effort to eat!) The spa was a joke- I got a manicure on the first day and left bleeding in multiple spots on my hands. (Picture a dirty dark room with about 20 old used nail polish containers to choose from. They didn't use any moisturizer or base/top coat!) The rooms were OK initially, but the sheets were not changed and everything had a musty smell after a day or two. My friends' room was infested with ants. Unless you reserved a chair by the pool before 9 am, there was no chance you'd get a seat there all day. Even once when I did scout out two chairs at 8 am, they were taken by another couple when I returned from breakfast! It was easier to get a spot on the beach, which also had a nice breeze, but that too was very crowded. Another major flaw with the resort is the tile floors. We had brief rain showers every day and when the tile floors of the resort were wet, they were treacherous! 3 of the 6 people we were with fell multiple times and we witnessed many other people fall. Finally, the ride to and from the airport was scary. Punta Cana is clearly still VERY 3rd world- the roads are barely paved and the neighborhoods are quite desolate. I have never been more excited to return from a vacation! Overall, this is the LAST place you should visit for a nice, relaxing vacation. I certainly will never do another all-inclusive trip again...  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>hdcnm
<Content>Great Vactation - One Problem My daugher and I just returned from the Riu Punta Cana Palace.We were there from January 4th - January 11th. The hotel is beautiful and the beach is incredible. The one major complaint that we had was the problem with a musty odor. My daugher said she noticed it on the bed linen and it was apparent when we returned home. The odor was in everything, clothing, luggage, absolutely everything. We have been to many hotels in many countries and have never had this experience. It is really a shame because I would not return to this hotel because of the problem. Otherwise the hotel, service and country was fantastic. We had a wonderful time. The people in the hotel and on the tours were great and helpful. I would love to return to the Dominican Republic and will research other hotels to see if the problem with the odor exists all over. As for the food - well - its all inclusive and it was ok - not great.You certainly don't lack for food. The hot food was hot and the cold food kept cold. And everything was very clean. One lunch they had design your own pasta. They had shrimp and were using the same utensil to stir the shrimp and other pasta. When I explained I was allergic to shrimp - they cleaned the utensil and pot and made sure to only use that for my food.The staff went out of their way to help with every problem. If they fix the musty odor I would love to return.We stayed in the Riu in Ocho Rio last year at the same time.The hotel chain is great. I would have no problem staying at another Riu.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shfine
<Content>Horrible, save your money and go elsewhere Where to begin? We just returned from a 10 day vacation in Punta Cana. Some people might find this a palace, but for those of you who have been to some real palaces (Hawaii, even Cancun), don't bother going to this resort.The Food - HORRIBLE, unsanitary, disgusting. The food buffets were so unsanitary we have taken pictures to send to RIU's corporate offices. People using their hands to take cereal out of their containers, not enough serving pieces to take the food you did want, and for vegetarians it was a nightmare. Imagine people using serving pieces for ham in the lettuce and other vegetables that you intended to eat.The Rooms - Roomy but very uncomfortable, the beds were rock hard and a room for 4 - wasn't. The beds (two double beds, if that) were pushed together, which barely held one person. The sheets on the beds were not changed unless you begged a housekeeper to change them, where they were changed they were rotten smelling.The service - something must have been said to upper management because by day 6 of our 10 day vacation, there was a major change in the service. Suddenly servers at the pool were more attentive and more help was seen throughout the hotel. Everyone was commenting on this.Day 8 was the kicker for us - we encountered bugs in our room - massive amounts of ants on the furniture. Try getting someone to help you when they can't understand a single word you say. We had to practically drag a piece of furniture out of our room before the help finally realized what we wanted. Day 9 brought bugs in our luggage. Lovely! If you are thinking we must have had food in our room, you are wrong. For a hotel open 6 months, it was purely disgusting.I wouldn't go back to Punta Cana or this or any RIU hotel if someone paid me, much less if it was the last vacation resort on the planet.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Beach4Us
<Content>Truely a Palace with some problems. My wife and I (29  34) stayed at the RIU Palace Punta Cana January 3-10. We have traveled to many other islands in the Caribbean and this was our fifth trip to the D.R. and our second trip to Punta Cana. Our first stay in Punta Cana was at the Paradisus. We use Apple Vacations when traveling from the U.S.A. and have had positive experiences with their services in the past. Apple rates this resort 6 golden apples, however I would not agree with that ranking, I would rank it 5 golden apples until they work out the kinks. This is the nicest property we have ever stayed at and is truly a palace. The hotel was opened this past June therefore is very clean and fresh. The exterior is very impressive when you first pull up to the entrance and at first sight we were very happy with our selection. The reception is exceptional with upscale flooring, paintings, chandeliers and stylish furniture. Check-in was quick and we were escorted to our room. Room 鈥?Very clean and spacious with nice tile floors and granite finishings. Beds were very hard which was a bit uncomfortable. The bathroom was well appointed but did not have an exhaust fan and water pressure in the shower was very low. The refrigerator was restocked every other day and also had 4 different bottles in the liquor dispenser. Yes, there was a slight musty smell but what did people expect, they were in a country with a very high level of humidity. The housekeepers cleaned daily and had turn down service every evening. They did a great job of keeping the room clean. We tipped her $2 everyday which was well worth it. The biggest negative to the room was the noise that echoed throughout the hallways. When somebody would slam the door or speak loudly, you were able to hear all the noise inside your room which was very annoying to me because I鈥檓 a light sleeper. The sound and music from the shows would also carry throughout the hotel because it鈥檚 designed in a horseshoe shape. I had to keep the A/C on all the time to drown out the excessive noise. I personally would have rather been in a bungalow style room. If you are a light sleeper and are looking for peace and quiet then this type of hotel is not for you. Grounds 鈥?The hotel is very clean with workers constantly cleaning and manicuring the landscaping. The Spa was also impressive and seemed to be a best kept secret. They have to two large Roman bath type pools (one warm and one cold) which were hidden in the back of the Spa. You have to walk through the bathrooms to access them, well worth discovering. There is also a gym, sauna and massage rooms.Beach 鈥?Gorgeous! This is why my wife and I came back to Punta Cana, one of the nicest beaches we鈥檝e been to. A very wide beach with powder white sand, many palm trees for shade and plenty of loungers available any time of the day. The water was very clean but swimming might be a bit challenging to some due to the rough waves. Make a right and walk for about 20 minutes and you鈥檒l run into numerous huts with souvenirs, cigars, jewelry etc. Make sure you haggle with the vendors because they鈥檒l high ball you with the initial price. Remember, many vendors sell the same goods so you do yourself a favor and visit all the huts to familiarize yourself with the prices and then buy when you are about to leave.Pool 鈥?Average and a disappointment in my opinion. The pool seemed a bit small for a resort of this size. The architect definitely dropped the ball here because there is ample room to make the pool and lounging area bigger. The Paradisus鈥?pool was much larger and much nicer. The loungers were all reserved very early although there is a sign stating that you cannot reserve loungers. We witnessed two fights over 鈥渞eserved鈥?loungers. It felt very crowded around the pool area. The best part of the pool was the swim up bar. Efficient bar tenders handing out cold drinks. We spent most of the day at the beach and came to the pool area later in the afternoon when there were less people. Food 鈥?Another disappointment. A person would definitely be out of line to say that the food is inedible. However, the previous reviews got it right when they mentioned the food was not very good. The buffet (Don Manuel) had something for everyone and served breakfast, lunch and dinner. We ate all breakfasts here and the lunch menu is much better then La Altagracia next to pool. Do yourself a favor and take a short walk and eat lunch at Don Manuel, we realized it too late. There are five specialty restaurants for dinner in which you have to make reservations for at the Luigi鈥檚 @ 9:45 AM till 11AM. This was the most frustrating system I have ever seen. Who wants to wait in line on their vacation everyday @ 9:45 to make reservations? Last year we stayed at the Bahia Principe in Riviera Maya where upon arrival you booked all your specialty restaurants at one time for the entire week. I guess the silver lining with RIU鈥檚 system is that you can eat at the same specialty restaurant more than once. They all have very limited menus with about 4 choices in each. Sir Oscar (gourmet) - good service, decent food, small portions, all about show. Luigi鈥檚 (Italian) - no real Italian dishes on the menu, good appetizers, good steak and good service. Yokohama (Japanese) Terrible food and terrible service. La Bodega (Brazilian) - very good meat skewers and great service. La Altagracia (Steakhouse) 鈥?my favorite, great food and great service.Entertainment 鈥?Not very good but the performers try hard. Don鈥檛 expect Las Vegas or Broadway type shows. There鈥檚 a live band that plays every night until 9:45PM just until the shows are about to start. There are many servers taking drink orders before, during and after the shows so your glass is never empty kudos to the hard working staff. Also, there are different outside vendors selling their goods in the plaza every evening. The hotel caters to an older crowd and is very suitable for couples and families. This is not the place for wild nightlife however there is a disco near the Macao entrance for anyone interested. The majority of guests were from Europe with some Americans and Canadians sprinkled in. In general, the staff worked very hard, aimed to please, were very friendly and always had a smile on their faces. We brought a lot singles and tipped for great service. You won鈥檛 miss the extra dollar bills and it will go a long way in the life of these hard workers that should be rewarded for trying to make our stay very pleasurable and memorable. If possible, gifts of toiletries and toys are greatly appreciated by the locals.Overall, we had a great vacation considering some of the inconsistencies. I would definitely recommend this hotel but won鈥檛 return only because there are so many other resorts that we would like to visit. If I had to choose again between the Paradisus or the Palace, I would choose the Paradisus. I hope this review has been informative and helpful in planning your vacation.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kcbnj1
<Content>Great R Stayed 6 nights beginning 27DEC2006, my wife and our two children 18 and 15. We were looking for a peaceful, clean resort with a beautiful beach for some rest and relaxation, and that is what the Palace delivers. Just a few observations:The beach really is the highlight. Some surf, plenty of palm trees, perfect sand, plenty of chairs. Resort was full for 4 days leading up to New Years. There were many people on the beach, but still plenty of chairs, privacy, and comfortable walks. Keep a siesta schedule, spend time at the beach in morning and late afternoon, less crowded, and take a midday break from the sun.Pool nice but we thought a little crowded and hot. We are beach people.Staff could not be more friendly. A tip early in your stay for housekeeping, headwaiters, bartenders, does wonders, and is acutally well-deserved by the staff.Concerns about firm mattresses and room odors we found to be no big deal. Yes, the mattress is firm and took a night to get used to. With an international crowd there is smoking at the resort, and when we arrived home our clothing needed a good washing, but neither tobacco or musty smells affected comfort of our stay.Food is all about expectations. We did not expect gourmet cruise or week in Provence cuisine. Therefore we were happy with variety, fresh ingredients and ate well and healthy. New Year's eve dinner quite nice! Specialty restaurants have small capacity, again keep expectations realistic, can be a nice break from the same buffet scene after a few nights.Some spanish helps. But if all you have is hola!, buenas dias, muchas gracias, and a smile it goes a long way. Front desk is multilingual fluent, headwaiters speak some english, many other staff are Spanish only.If you want golf, nightlife, adventure outings, this is NOT the place. Arrive happy, relax, enjoy.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swami
<Content>great resort food needs help Stayed in Riu Resorts in Palya Del Carmen and loved them. Punta Cana had the same layout of the resort and rooms as in Playa Del Carmen. Service was great and had no language problems. The food was not as good as Playa del Carmen. We ate at both the buffet and gourmet restaurants. Grill fish at the buffet was terrible but the make your own pasta was ok. Gourment retaurants were the same as Playa Del Carmen food quality was just not as good. Loved the beach and pool. No problems getting chairs at the beach any time of day. Pool was tough in the afternoon. Loved that waiters bring drinks down to the beach all day long. Going back to Playa Del Carmen next year.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NJBeachBlondeNJ
<Content>Love the Riu Palace Punta Cana!       Rooms  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whiteoakspring
<Content>Punta Cana luxury My husband and I spent 3-10 December 2006 at this lovely palace. This is our fourth Riu palace: twice visiting the Riu Palace Mexico at Playa del Carmen which is a favorite and once staying at the Riu Palace Macao in the Riu Punta Cana complex. We have vacationed on many of the Caribbean islands and love the Punta Cana beaches. Our age range is 59 years through 65 years. The Riu palaces tend to attract an older and quieter crowd. The Riu offers clubhotels for those who desire a more 鈥渞ocking鈥?nightlife.We found the Riu Palace Punta Cana beautiful and as charming in its own way as the Riu Palace Mexico. We found the food at both excellent and comparable in quality. For the evening meal we ate mainly in one of the a la carte restaurants; the food at the Sir Oscar Gourmet Restaurant was particularly good. One evening we ate in the Don Manuel buffet and enjoyed a broad and tasty range of foods.The Perico Chicote lobby bar was excellent and regularly we requested strong drinks which we received. This was also the case at the La Plaza terrace bar. One of the regular offerings of the Riu palaces is champagne day and night; we enjoyed champagne throughout the day and found it good. We are not heavy drinkers, however, we appreciate good alcoholic drinks that we enjoyed in the afternoons and evenings.One of the wonderful surprises of this new palace is the Roman baths at the back of the spa building. There is no fee attached, however one needs to go to the back of the spa and through the men鈥檚 or women鈥檚 bathrooms that house saunas, steam rooms and showers, and into the Roman bath area hosting both warm and cold baths. Each evening, as we left the beach and pool areas, we made our way to the warm Roman bath where we luxuriated and enjoyed the coming of dusk 鈥?wonderful!The Riu service is excellent. We brushed up on our Spanish before arriving and attempted to speak Spanish with various employees, which they helped us speak better, and we tried to remember individual names and address our servers by name. This enhances the service level and ambience. Although gratuities are included, we took many one dollar bills and tipped small amounts regularly.We read reviews mentioning the musty mildew room smell. We arrived fortified with scented candles and an air freshener that we used daily. Also we had the sliding balcony door open with ceiling fan going when in the room and left the closet doors open the entire time. Although we smelt little of the mildew smell while in the room, there was a faint smell of mildew on our clothes when we arrived home. Clothes washing and dry cleaning removed the smell entirely.This is a beautiful and charming resort that we recommend. For a more quiet experience, we requested a top floor room. The striking beach and aqua water, Roman baths, beautiful swimming pools, optics, food, drinks, ambience, service and charm of the Dominicans make for a relaxing and enjoyable holiday. As we travel around the world and partake of various cultures, peoples and cuisines, our time is not spent comparing hotels to ones we love in North America. Since the Riu is of a European base, it is more European in operation and this we enjoy very much.If you choose the Riu Palace Punta Cana, I wish you an excellent holiday and hope my comments assist your understanding of the resort.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ArtTripper
<Content>Second Rate I'll just give a list of the good and bad for quick reading. This is my 5th Carribean vacation.Good: *24-hr. Internet cafe - pay per minute or free if you brought your laptop (bring it!)*no stomach problems, virtually no bugs*palm-encrusted white beach ensures shade or sun, your choice*very clean and well constructed*perfect weather, breezy beach*safe*elaborate though weird architectural style - I think they were going for Victorian Morrocan*bar drinks weak, but free large size bottles alcohol in room*non-motorized water sports are freeBad:*Food horrible at Japanese restaurant - stick with the buffets, which are only so-so. I was hungry for a good meal when I got home! Good place to drop a few pounds.*All wines were awful*As most guests are European, staff hasn't bothered to learn much English; therefore we were advised wrongly on several points due to miscommunication*Evening floorshows worse than a middle-school production; parents allow kids to climb all over the stage *Did not make any friends due to language barrier*Marble floors and heavy wood construction is pretty, but extremely noisy - echoing hallways, slamming doors*Spa is second-rate (people kept coming in during treatments  staff is not well-trained; rates same as US). Large spa menu but not much difference between services.*You will be bored in the evening - the nearby casino is a rip off and had to sleep with a pillow over my head due to ambient noise from hallways, balconiesNeutral:50% of European women go topless on beachAdvice:*If looking for some Carribean sun, go to the Iberostar in Riviera Maya. Ten times better than this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>ilre12345
<Content>Excellent Facility and Staff, Food a negative Just got back from 6 nights in Punta Cana with my wife and 18 year old twins (boy and girl). Chose Punta Cana as the drinking and gambling age is 18 which was an incentive to have our college son come along. When we arrived the hotel upgraded our kids room so that it would be near ours. The front desk staff was great as well as all of our contacts with staff. I celebrated my birthday over the trip and my wife made arrangements with the hotel staff to decorate our room with balloons. They even left a personal note (in Spanish) wishing me a happy birthday!The pool and beach were great. Pure white sand, no rocks, where you could take long walks by the water. The staff were constantly cleaning and there were plenty of waiters on the beach serving drinks. In the evening there is a nice walkway along the beach to walk to the other RIU hotels and to Carribean Street with shops and entertainment and the casino.My wife got a massage at the spa on the first day which she said was great. Her second massage at the end of the trip was not good but the staff gave her a credit for use in the spa to make up for the poor service.My son and I took a half day deep sea fishing tour. Although 3 out of 4 people (including myself) succumbed to Mal de Mer (seasickness) we did catch a Blue Marlin! The trip was a lot of fun.Now the negatives. The food! We tried the Gourmet and Japanese restaurants as well as the buffet and most of the food was poorly seasoned with little taste. The desserts were bland as well. They do make omelets in the morning for breakfast which were ok. One night we went to Captain Cook's, a restaurant about 20 minutes from the hotel which had a sales office on Carribean Street. Although somewhat expensive ($55 US including taxi, drinks, tip) the food was fantastic with mounds of lobster, langostino, shrimp, etc. I would recommend the side trip from the bland hotel food.If food is not important, this property is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EnjoyTheSun
<Content>Great Relaxing Trip       Photo of the resort from the bus  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kungfu
<Content>Sleeping, eating, sunbathing, eating, ... From the many choices of hotels in the Dominican Replubic we have chosen this hotel for our 2nd honeymoontrip. As our goal was to find a luxery hotel in a sunny country for a decadent week of relaxation, this hotel has fulfilled its task well.The hotel is part of the Riu resort which consists of 5 hotels. This hotel is the most newest and luxery of the five. We have taken a look at the others. They all seem quite nice, but the price difference of 鈧?00, between this hotel and the second best Riu palace Macao is worth the money. We have paid a total of 鈧?.300 (NL), which is a nice price, considering the fact that this is including food and beverage 24 hours a day, even strong alcoholic drinks in the minibar, like cognac and wodka. Unfortunately for us, we don't drink alcohol :-(. What we like, is the spacious marble lobby and the fact that the hotel is only half a year old. Further, the beach with white sand is incredible beautiful.We have been to this hotel from November, the 29th till December the 7th. During this time it was around 30 degrees Celcius and there was a continuous powerful wind coming from the sea. It was just like lying under a sunbed with a airconditioning blowing in our face all the time.After we have tried the Japanese restaurant (the worst ever from all countries I have been), we have only made use of the buffet restaurant. If you wish to experience the subtlety of the badness of this restaurant anyway, just order some half-cooked sushi's and the huge leathery chunks of yakitory and you will find yourself in the buffet restaurant afterwards. The buffet restaurant has many variety of foods which changes from day to day. So, there are choices enought.We have never left the resort except from a two hours trip to the shopping area downtown, which we don't recommend. There was nothing to see and there were only annoying salesmen who tried to get you into their shops. This is so stressful :-).What is unbelievable, is that the spa and massages are more expensive than in Europe. This is a lost opportunity for the hotel management to earn a lot of money. I still wonder whether the people from the counter have mixed up the currencies (pesos in stead of US$).If you don't like to sit under the sun and staring into the emptiness or something like that (a book) on a beautiful 'white sand' beach, you would better choose a different destination. For us, it was a perfect place and time to rewind.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Mcconnell
<Content>beautiful beachs Just returned from the Riu Palace after spending Christmas there.we stayed in a jacuzzi suite which was very nice but the bed was hard as a rock. had a rollaway bed delivered and it was fine. the room had a musty smell to it because of the humidity and we would have changed rooms but resort was too crowded and couldn't get a suite. big marble bathroom and large jacuzzi were very nice. wet bar in room, liquor, which they keep stocked. walk-in closet, safe, t.v. and a great balcony. Room was way above average for this type (all-inclusive) of hotel except for smell. next time i would request a room on the top floor.restaurants were OK, not great. if you love gourmet food go somewhere else. breakfast was buffet and pretty good, lots of the usual fare with a slight latin influence. did not eat lunch so can't comment. we ate at thier Italian, brazillian, and steak theme restaurants and also a special Christmas Eve buffet. Brazillian was the best theme restaurant by far. Steak place was awful.Buffet was great, lots of seafood etc. Over all, the food was ok for an all-inclusive, above average but not gourmet.free beer and liquor everywhere. liquor was watered down and only 1 type of beer. take a large insulated cup with you if you are going to go to the pool area. they serve in small plastic cups but will gladly fill your insulated one.beaches were Great!!! nice trees to get shade if you want it and water was beautiful. Pools were very nice too. beaches and pool areas are topless.service was excellant in all regards. people are very friendly and most speak several languages. Learn a little spanish before you go and the employees will love you. there is no tipping at the resort but we did tip some, and our service was outstanding. give yourself plenty of time to get through airport when you leave as it moved pretty slow. no hassles though, going or coming. they don't attack you with tours and stuff like some placeswe didn't do any of the tours offered at the resort so can't comment on them. we stayed at our resort the whole time.over all it was a nice trip and we would go back. questions: nsm6789@yahoo.com.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madper
<Content>Wonderful Facility - Wonderful Location The Riu Palace, Punta Cana, is truly a beautiful facility at awonderful location right on the beach. My wife and I enjoyedour week, December 14-22, with only a few concerns. Somuch has already been written by previous guests. While onewill notice that many people will see different things with littleagreement, there are those items that are consistent amongmost.First - the positive. We cannot speak more possitively about the staff at ThePalace. The people who serve you are wonderful and willgo out of their way to see that you are pleased. We gavetips to the housekeeping staff as well as those who servethe food - not because we expected better service as a re-sult but because we felt that these people who work hardand probably make little deserve that extra bit. It we canafford to stay at The Palace, one can certainly afford to givea little appreciation here and there.The facility is outstanding - from the architecture to the groundsand pool. Everything is clean and attended to keeping a highstandard. The beach is lovely and there are plenty of chairs,etc. for all. There is not need to get up at 5:00 A.M. to securea place. There is always plenty of everything whether at thepool or on the beach. This is definitely a plus as we havefound from previous experience at other resorts to be a problem.We are an older couple in our 60's and have travelled ex-tensively over the years. While there are a number of youngerguests at The Palace, the guests tend to be older. That is notto say that younger people cannot enjoy The Place but thatit is more low key than the other Riu locations at Punta Cana.Depending on your expectations as to activities, this shouldbe a guideline. And now, the not-so-positive. The negatives are few in number;but the Riu Palace does have a few problems. Some of thesehave already been listed by previous guests and we list themhere only to substantiate what has been written so that if youdecide to stay at the Riu Palace you will know what to preparefor.The rooms have a definite musty odour. We are not sure whatcontributes to this; but it is a genuine problem. We heeded theadvice from previous guests and took along a scented candle.However, it wasn't much help. Upon returning, we had to washour clothes twice just to get rid of the smell - and even then, thereseemed to be a lingering odour. I don't know what the Riu cando about this; but it is something that must be addressed.The key system is ancient. Few hotels give a key with yourroom number on it. The new electronic keys are much betterespecially if, for some reason, you should misplace your key.A new electronic key can be reprogrammed. Also, there shouldbe a security hole in the door so you can look out when some-one knocks. The hotel is safe and secure; but it would begood to have this installed for your own security purpose.The food ranges from awful to terrific. On a scale of 1-10, wewould rate the food as a 5. There is always plenty of food anda good variety but an inconsistency in quality. Mexican nightwas the best evening. We didn't go to any of the specialtyrestaurants and stayed with the buffet. The lack of choice iswhat kept us away from those restaurants.As for entertainment - The Michael Jackson show should notbe missed. This is worth attending. As for the other shows,the staff try hard to entertain and one must keep in mind thatthey are not in Las Vegas looking for a show of that quality.Nevertheless, while the shows can be improved, those whoparticipate try their very best to offer a program to please. Mostof the performers seem to enjoy what they are doing and itgives them an opportunity to give a go at hopes in showbusiness. There is one young dancer with whom we werevery impressed. We hope some talent scout can pick up onhim. Be prepared for a few negatives at the airport when leaving.The most negative part of a trip to Punta Cana and the Do-minican Republic is, I am sorry to say, customs and im-migration. If they want visitors to return, there are better waysto leave an impression rather than a negative one. The auth-orities, not unlike a few other countries, are rude and unhelpful.Be prepared to have your luggage thoroughly searched - es-pecially after they have been checked. Upon our return toToronto, I found that my bag had been broken into when itwould have been easy to have simply broken the lock ratherthan destroy a perfectly good new piece of luggage. It wasnoted that the contents were well searched for whatever.There were a few at the airport who had thier luggage searchedbefore checking in. Some had their contents simply thrownon the floor with you having to pick up your own contents andput back into the suitcase. This situation will give us secondthoughts about returning to the Dominican Republic. It isunfortunate that after having had such a wonderful stay thatthe most negative impression given was a lasting one ofour departure.Hopefully, this review will be helpful.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>xxxtraveltoday
<Content>Enjoyed the resort The resort is very large. Lots of walking depending upon where your room is located. The grounds are beautiful with fountains and nice landscaping. We enjoyed the beach and there were more than enough chairs. Punta Cana is one of those places where the inferstructure is not in place. You have no outside restaurants or shopping. You stay put at the resort except for a few tours. So all inclusive resorts are the only way to go. The Riu Palace Punta Cana fit the bill very nicely. All the theme restaurants were excellent. But you had to make reservations for them each morning by 10:30AM. The Bingo game and the nightly entertaiment were so lame they were actually alot of fun.Good place at a GREAT PRICE  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bcbnj
<Content>Palace Fit for Queen and/or King I, along with 3 of my friends stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana early October 2006.This resort is beautiful. The lobby is breathtaking! Shortly after we arrived in our rooms, we received a telephone call from the reception desk. They wanted to know if our rooms were to our liking. Very impressive. We were very happy with our rooms. Sleeping and living area along with a balcony. We were also given an opportunity to see one of the suites - wow! The suites have two balconies and a hot tub! The grounds are well maintained as was the building. The food at this resort is great! We dined at most of the restaurants and enjoyed our meals. The buffet is where we normally had breakfast (we like to sleep in) and the food there was equally delicious. Fresh fruit and pastries accompanied the large selection of food prepared by the chiefs.I would recommend this resort to anyone planning a trip to Punta Cana.We plan to go back next year!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happytraveler,46
<Content>Happy with our decision. My husband and I booked a week at the Riu Palace spur of the moment end of November. Our decision to stay there was a good one. We have stayed at numerous other all inclusive resorts in Mexico and Jamaica but this was our first trip to the DR. The hotel itself was beautiful, I can't find a single fault to mention. Our room (standard suite) was spacious, clean, no musty smell as mentioned in previous reviews.  I think much has already been said about the food. We found it to be adequate, abundant, tasty and again had no complaints except maybe one. The desserts were rather bland and tasteless but make no mistake we never went hungry. We were pleased that they had a dress code for dinner every evening, and really made an attempt to make it an enjoyable dining experience by serving wine or champagne with dinner. Make sure to pack plenty of clothes for the evening, most women dressed very nicely. Certainly not the buffet atmosphere that we have experienced at other all inclusives. The waiters were wonderful. We tipped well because they work very hard and get paid very little. I asked about the pay and one fellow told me $80 for 15days of work. If he was being truthful, I think you too will feel the need to tip them.  Other overall observations and comments: No that it mattered to us, but there appeared to be many more Europeans than Americans at the resort. Most seemed to be German and because we do not speak the language, it limited our interaction with other guests. It also appeared to be a little bit older clientelle. We are in our late 40's and were on the younger end of the spectrum. Not that we don't care for kids, but we were pleased that there were not children running around everywhere. As mentioned in many other reviews, the beach was beautiful. The week we were there it was very windy and it did rain at some point in time every day. It was extremely humid (bad hair weather). We did make good use of there workout facility. It was never overly busy and we never had to wait to use the equipment. Be sure to check out the indoor Roman baths inside the workout/spa facility. I did not know they were there until the last day. It's quite lovely. We also brought along our tennis equipment and made use of the courts. Not wait for those either. I must comment that we were rather disappointed by the lack of evening entertainment and activities. The shows that were put on were very amature and dull. We also visited the other Riu Hotels within the complex and found the Riu Bamba to be dated and worn out, the Riu Macao was better but still not nearly as nice as the Palace. We felt bad for the folks who could see how nice the Palace was but were staying next door at less nice resorts and could not visit ours. For those who like to shop, there are shops within the resort but I found them to be very disappointing. I didn't spend a dime.  General comments on DR: Because we took this trip last minute and I did not do alot of homework on the country prior to leaving, I found out when we go there that Punta Cana is not a city. It is a region of the country. So don't expect to go out of your resort and walk into a city for lunch or shopping or out for the evening because there is no city to go to. I was a little disappointed by this as we like to explore outside of the resort and get a little more educated about the country. Twice we tried to make a trip into Santo Domingo (4 hours from PC)through Apple Vacations and both times we go about 1/3 of the way there are were turned back due to strikes and rioting in the city.  Overall we were very pleased that we chose the Riu Palace. Our one wish would be to move it to another location where there is more to do. Maybe we just need to learn how to lay at the beach all day and read a book!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ananyavb
<Content>Young children friendly resort. We loved it. We stayed 7 nights at this resort. Our 15 month daughter Amelia came with us and overall it was a good trip. The people here adored babies. Even the staff who didn't wait for us came and play with her whereever we went. There are a few other families with young kids, and they seemed to enjoy themselves too. When we were there, the kids club was not operating. The children's pool looked unmaintained and nobody was using it. In the evenings, they offer children's entertainment at the bar where young children could join the performers on the stage. Food was repetitive, salad/fruit bars in all restaurants serve the same things. Service was good. The staff was friendly  professional. Their understanding of English was less than proficient, although they do try. Knowing basic Spanish terms got us far. Don't miss the Gala night in Don Manuel buffet on Thursdays. They feature AYCE shrimp (and faux caviar). On Friday they had a barbecue lunch by the beach where they serve fresh coconut that you can't get other times. I have enjoyed the mussels, calamari, fish  smoothies (4-6 varieties) that they often serve on the days we were there. Our favorite fish was the grouper, followed by col... (forgot the name) and the dorado fish. They serve lamb (expensive in the US) often too. The passion fruit is tart, but have it with honey. The champagne, red  white wine was free-flowing and one of the sweet white wine was quite delectable. Try the guava ice-cream in the ice-cream case too (rosy pink color). Beef carpaccio in the Italian restaurant was good. Japanese restaurant was far from authentic (smoked salmon for sushi?), but the dessert was good (fried ice cream  the cream cheese one)- I asked  got 2 desserts. Brazilian restaurant had plentiful of meat cooked well-done. Steak served in the steak house was not the best cut. I think good produce is hard to come by here, but these people make an effort and they work hard to prepare decent meals. Overall food is edible and we didn't go hungry. They take reservations for specialty restaurants from 10am, but people started lining up from 9:30am. The restaurants have 2 seatings every night: 6:30pm or 9:00pm and children are allowed. The gourmet restaurant (Sir Oscar) is smaller than others, and is most popular. They overbook Sir Oscar to fill up every table in case of cancellations. One time we didn't manage to make reservation in the morning, but was able to dine in the steak house. My advice is to turn up in the appropriate attire at the restaurant, and ask the maitre'd nicely. If they have vacancy/cancellation, they can accommodate you. Often we would take Amelia for dinner at 6:30 when the buffet opened, and got a babysitter for her while we went for the 9:00 seating in the specialty restaurants. Babysitting costs $10 an hour, was done by one of the 3 girls from the front desk who were very proficient in English. Rossmary babysat for us in our room every time, and we recommend her service. There's always some kid-friendly food available in the buffet restaurants. Amelia loved the pasta, bread, fish, cheeses, fruits  smoothies. We brought ready-to-feed formula, but milk (UHT in cartons) is available per request. They don't have fresh milk here, and use UHT in everything including desserts and soft-serve ice cream. Bring disposable table mats for young children to use on the high chair tray (in addition to disposable bibs and wet wipes that I couldn't do without). Being able to eat anytime the baby wants makes me grateful that we picked an all-inclusive resort.We got a junior superior suite, which faces the pool/courtyard, and the extra amount we paid (not much more) was totally worth it. Our room was near the restaurant end, and it was noisy from 8pm-12am due to the live band/activities in the plaza  bar. We had no problem sleeping. Also, rooms have steps between the sleeping  sitting area, so supervise young children at all times to avoid accidents especially because the floors are hard tiles. The floor can get slippery from water  sand from the beach. Our room was equipped with a mini-fridge (soft drinks, water, etc)  liquor dispenser (Stoli, Dominican rum, Spanish brandy, Gordon's gin). They replenished the beverages daily. Everyday you can expect the following service staff coming to your room: housekeeping, beverage replenisher, towel service and turn down service in that order. If this is too much, hang the do-not-disturb door tag (red color) appropriately. The air-conditioning is too cold for us, but thermostat is adjustable. The pool  swim-up bar was fun, we didn't have problems getting a lounger. Beach is breezy and has powdery sand, minimal sea grass. Amelia was not accustomed to the sand, and wasn't fond of it. (Babies generally aren't as I found out). Water was blue  beautiful. Watch your belongings because it's finder's keepers here. We left a sippy cup in a restaurant, and never got it back. Same as Amelia's sunglasses that was dropped in the pool. We booked a snorkeling trip (external excursion), but they kept postponing it to the next day due to choppy waters. In the end we didn't get to go and got a refund instead. So if you are interested in snorkeling, plan to go as soon as you arrive. The excursion we signed up for offers babysitting on the boat for children of parents who go snorkeling. The excursion operator picked us up from the hotel lobby at 1:25 in a charming remodeled school bus with thatch roof. The ride to the site is interesting but it gets a little dusty from the open bus window and poorly maintained road. There was no air-conditioning, but it wasn't hot either. When we arrived at the site, they told us the excursion was cancelled because the waters had not calmed as they had hoped.My husband went to the casino at Riu Palace Macau every night. The shuttle to Riu Palace runs every 10-15 minutes. Alternatively, there's a walking path that leads to the other Riu resorts behind the Caribbean St mall by the beach. The casino opens at 7pm, and the Texas Hold'em 5/10 no-limit game starts at 8pm. The game is often short-handed and usually breaks up around 1 or 2 am. Most of the players are tourists but you get the occasional local player. These are what prevents us from giving this resort a 5-star.- Room is musty, with no ventilation in the bathroom. Smell lingered on our luggage after we got home. - We asked for a crib for the baby, and playpen is what they have instead.- Food choices could be better- Smoking allowed everywhere, although it's not the hard to find an area away from the smokers.- Occasional flies in the buffet areaHair braiding is available at the tent behind the pool (next to the massage hut). It took the lady 2 hours to finish. She asked for $45, but relented to $35. It sometimes hurt during the braiding from all that pulling  yanking. I went to bed with a sore scalp but was gone by the next morning. Removing the braid was tedious too, for those uninitiated. After 1 week there, I came back with a clearer complexion. It's hard to figure out if it's the food or the smoothies or the sea breeze or just the pure relaxation. All of us had a good time and the people of Dominican Republic was very hospitable.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Callebautgirl
<Content>Two Weeks at tthe RIU PALACE We recently returned from a two week stay at the RIU Palace. This was our first time staying at a RIU Resort. It is as beautiful as everyone says and by outward appearance, it is the five star resort advertised in the literature.Regarding the food. Considering our many other experiences at all-inclusives (including several cruises), we felt the food was pretty darned good (although it all got rather tiresome by day 10 or so). The Italian, Gourmet, and Japanese restaurants were very good, but the steakhouse was absolutley not. We did find waiting in line every morning for a la carte restaurant reservations to be a pain. Also, oddly, those restaurants were NEVER full when we dined, even though they were apparently booked solid. The buffets always had something good to offer. We felt that the chefs did a really good job of making the food flavourful, particularly the dishes that might not be instantly recognizable to the North American palate. My advice... try the more interesting looking food and save the pizza and burgers for your return home. Sadly, the 24-hour food service in the Sports bar is a bit of an exageration. A fridge full of old hotdogs and burnt popcorn covered this base in a woefully inadequate way. Also, do not order room service. It was inedible. A few small amenities were missing that you might expect at a five star resort, like bathrobes, high quality bath products, potable water from the tap, consistant turn-down service, free internet, and good TV reception. If you've ever been to a Secrets Excellence resort or a cruise, you know what I mean. These are very minor mentions, and in no way curbed our enthusiasm for the place.The service is excellent, and if you tip a few dollars around the pool or on the beach, your glass will never go empty! The staff everywhere is terrific.The beach is gorgeous and they do a great job of keeping it spotless. We walked miles every day. The water is nice and warm, both at the beach and the pool. Getting a chair on the beach could be a trick late morning, but staff took pool chairs down to the beach for us on days we couldn't find a spot, and we were very grateful.On a disappointing note, I did have two small, identical bottles of perfume go missing from my room. I am 100 percent certain that they were stolen and I found this disturbing, particularly because they were stashed in a closed toiletry bag, not on the counter, so the person who took them had gone through my personal things. When the first one disappeared, I let it go. When the second one disappeared a few days later, I was ticked. This has never happened to me before anywhere. There are several staff in and out of your room during the day and evening, so I really don't know what happened.Overall, we would definately recommend the resort, particularly when we factor in value. It cost us very little to go and we had a terrific time. The evenings in the plaza were lovely and the entertainment was really fun. The days were hot and lazy and the drinks were a treat (have a Sunrise for me)! If you are considering this hotel or have booked it, you'll be happy you did.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Alliebaby81
<Content>Left Early and Cancelled Wedding Booking! Since I have been reading these reviews for the last 3 months I feel it only right to help out as well. I was looking to get married at the palace and after spending only 2 days there, I am cancelling the booking.  Check in was painless. The room was't ready but they had bell service get us from the buffet. As we were eating I notice a line forming from the italian restuarant. People are on line in the heat to make dinner reservations...you cant call, you have to go there between 10AM-12PM. Pain in the neck rule I disliked very much. We get to the room and it smells moldy,musty, and is still not clean. First impression is suffering at this point. We changed into our suits and the fan starts making this annoying sound that stops and continues repeatedly. We met the wedding coordinator Magnolia the next day. She is so sweet. I regret having to tell her we are cancelling the wedding there. BRIDES BEWARE! We were going to get charged $500 for extra decorations meanwhile the Meli Caribe includes more flowers and white chaircovers in the free wedding package!! Melia Caribe Royal Service is now where we are getting married..Thats a great review that I'm writing tomorrow! Anyway to end off my honest complaints about this hotel is as follows. The pool is too small, not enough chairs near pool or beach! No drink service on beach unless you want to wait an hour. Food wasnt something to brag about. Presentation at the steakhouse was like how i serve food at a BBQ. The bathtub had visible grimey green scum all around it. YUK and worst of all the AC broke in the morning. We woke up sweating and the room smelled much worse now! I was running out of there. Now we are home and we have to wash our clothing twice to get the musty smell from them plus the bags stink too! Done. DONT GO Spend money in the Melia and feel the 5 star quality. Every little stunning touch is included to wow you. BUT YOU HAVE TO STAY AT THE ROYAL SERVICE SIDE. ITS UNREAL!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	4	2	1	

<Author>LONMINOR
<Content>The good, the bad and the inedible Just returned from a week and the new Riu Palace Punta Cana. As many reviewers so far have said, this hotel is truly a palace and is the most beautifully designed, laid out and landscaped place we have ever seen. Words alone can not do it complete justice, as it simply inspires awe from the moment you arrive until the time that you leave. Ok... lets start in reverse order here... The one major compliant is that for a resort of this caliber, the food is woefully sub-par. Breakfast was your typical all-inclusive affiar with a variety of pastries, breads, jams and omlets/eggs. Rather bland and at time unappealing. The lunch selection was limited, at times odd and overall a complete waste of removing yourself from the beach for 30mins. The Dinner Buffet as actually worse than the lunch. Of the reservation eating options, the Japanesse quickly became our stand-by as it was the only dinning experience were we left satisfied (and it was actually fantastic, as we ate there 3 times). The Gourmet restaurant was just OK, nothing spectular, and the Steak House... We ordered chicken thinking that it's difficult to do chicken wrong, and well, let's just say when the food arrived, we left and went to the little store and bought a can of Pringles, some Snickers and went back to the room. We are not overly picky eaters and do really appreciate good meals, however having been on several cruises and to all-inlcusives before, the Riu Palace Punta Cana rates the lowest in terms of gastronomy. Perhpas it was simply them catering to the European Palate (as we are American's), or just working the kinks out of a new resort... I don't know. However, in all honesty, this was the one (and really only) true dissapointment. The staff, as some had mentioned, do not have the English language skills of other resorts (and we have stayed in the DR before) which made it mildly difficutl at times, but I wouldn't resigester it as a complaint. Also, as others have mentioned, the Riu Palace Punta Cana uses the archiac metal key security (and you only get one).Now that's out of the way... The resort is truly a palace in all sense of the word. It is absolutely beautiful. The rooms are outstanding. And, at every turn you truly know that you are in paridise. Having gone on several excursions where we picked other vacationers up at their resorts, I can honestly say that even from the outward facade, there is nothing that compares to the Riu Palace Punta Cana. The beach was fantastic. Blue/Green water, great sand, a nice breeze, lined with massive palm trees (and therefore a lot of shade if you wanted it). The weather was also fantastic. It averaged about 88 degrees (F) and aside from a 10min rain shower (where the sun was still shinning the whole time.. wierd), no day was ever interupted by weather. Additionally, the beach was never too crowded, and as long as you got out there by 1pm, you could easily find a chase and some sand to park yourself upon. Also, as many have said, the beach is predominately topless given the high percentage of European vacationers visting the DR. So, if you are at all put off by that, then I would suggest that the DR is not for you. I did overhear one couple complain that they were hesistant to take their children to the beach due to the topless sunbathers, so, be forewarned and do your homework before you visit another country. The staff was exceptional. We reserved an upgraded suite, and I requested one close to the beach, and WOW... they gave us one that could honestly be termed an ocean view suite. The room was spacious, very classicallty decorated and we really felt comfortable there from moment one. From the moment we arrived, the staff welcomed us home for the week, and we were treated like royality while all the Palace. Not once did we encounter anything less that superb and outstanding service. We also took two excursions (Saona Island and Dolphin Island). And, I would recommend Saona to anyone. I have finally found out where those postcards of beaches come from... SAONA. It was the most beautiful beach we have every seen, and we have been to Cozumel, Grand Cayman, St. Lucia, St. Thomas (Meagan's Bay) and elsewhere. If you really want to see what the perfect getaway looks like, visit Saona Island. All in all, a very nice vacation for the money and truly worth it. However, I do agree with some of the other reviewers that the food is the one thing really standing in the way of the Riu Palace Punta Cana from being the standard bearer in terms of excellence in Punta Cana. This was our second time to the DR, and I still think that it is one of the best values you can get for your vacation money. The people are freindly, the beaches surperb, the class of the resorts are becoming increasingly more top notch (to rival those of the Mayan Riveria and other places). Again the only complaint was the food, but food is so subjective that I would caution anyone from making their vacation determination based on my or anyone elses palate, but I did want to share an honest review of the overall experience. So, if you are looking for a vacation where you can set back, be treated like royality, have one of the most beautiful beaches at your finger tips, try the Riu Palace Punta Cana. With it's one fault and many virtues, I say that it's tough to go wrong.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AveryL
<Content>Great value for the money After reading many many reviews, I decided to plan our family reunion at the Riu Palace. I personally am not a fan of all-inclusive places (we went to one in Cancun several years ago and it was all about quantity over quality) and it was only after much arm-twisting from other members of our extended family that I settled on this. I have to say this place met or exceeded my expectations with a major caveat.First the good. The price is very reasonable. We booked our's less than 2 weeks to travel date on site59 and the price worked out to about $750/person for a 3 nights/4 days. The facilities are all new, the pool is large and the beach/water is par none. The food was quite tasty- after reading all the disappointing reviews about the restaurants, we ate exclusively at the buffet- there was always fish, chicken, and beef options at every meal. (I just read one reviewer claim otherwise and felt I needed to clarify this point). The hotel is part of the Riu complex with 4 other hotels, and only the palace has privilieges at the others. When you get bored or curious, you can wander down the beach to the other hotels at eat at their buffets, swim in their pools. There is a nice sidewalk and the walk is quite reasonable (we were traveling with 2 toddlers without strollers)The bad. Yes, the service leaves something to be desired. The Riu is a European chain and the mentality is very different from the American, the customer is always right expecation. They will not upgrade a room (including better views) if you haven't paid for it. They will look you in the eye and tell you the hotel is completely full when it is very obviously not (and with 600 + rooms, I'd say very nearly never) You will ask for a cup of milk (yes they have milk, but it's 2% and comes in a box like parmalat, so it tastes different) they will ask if you want it frio or caliente. You tell them frio, cold, and a good while later they bring it steaming hot. If you tell them you asked for cold they tell you all they have is hot. You get the idea. If you are the kind of person that cannot deal with that (and I honestly don't blame you), then the service or lack thereof will ruin your vacation. And yes the rooms have a funky musty odor that will strike you when you first enter and linger in your suitcase after you leave. (The first thing we did was throw everything in the laundry machine) I really think all they need is a good dehumidifier. Other observations: the majority of the other vacationers were European (I heard a lot of German) and a good mix of Canadians. Every day we would encounter one or two random topless women, definitely more at the other hotels. It was also an older restrained crowd. Definitely not a boozing young scene. A final note, I think this place is quite ideal for families with young children. The buffet makes mealtimes quick and efficient with something for everyone. Every single member of our family, immediate and extended, said they had a great time. Aside from the added patience needed with the service, I truly think this a great vacation destination. Especially for the price.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>jsnherbert
<Content>BEAUTIFUL PLACE BUT COULD USE SOME IMPROVEMENTS My new wife and I just got back from our Honeymoon at the RIU. The Grounds: Beautiful, i have traveled a ton over thepast ten years and this is probably one of the nicer resorts i have ever been to.The Room: Again very nicely decorated with more than adaquate space, however as with most places ouside the US it did have amusty smell that was quite noticable, and the bed was rather stiff but we got used to it.The Pool: Awesome, the swim up bar was a favorite of mine, ask for Melo and order CUBA LIBRE all day.The Food: OK, not nearly to the standards that we are used to. By day 4 we both wanted real pizza and real cheese burgers. The specialty returants we good to above average, as for waiting in line, we only did it once as we have no problem eating at 8:30 (7:30 est) Overall service: Excellent, the people will treat you like kings, i reccomend tipping just a few dollars a day.the shows: the  adult shows start around 9:45 and were hilarious, the michael jackson impersonator was top notch.Overall Experience: We felt as though for the moey spent we got what was promised, we figured the food wouldn't be great but it was edible. Everything else was great i would reccomend the trip to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>goinagain
<Content>Riu Palace sadly missing what is important to guests This was our first Riu Resort and probably our last!! Sadly this resort was beautiful and the grounds very well maintained. The problem seems to be totally management issues. The staff is eager to please but not well trained and have no information available to them to give to guests. This creates a totally frustrating experience that is non ending. They just smile and say tomorrow!! The room had no ammenities and was not well cleaned when we arrived. Urine behind the bathroom door and pile of dirt behind the main door and dirty sheets to name a few issues.The food was not fit for humans anywhere in the resort. There were not very many bottles of premium liquer to be found. Management feels standing in line to make your evenings dining arrangment every morning at 10AM is acceptable. Don't request a salad and soup before your entree at the specialty restaurants either because they tell you one or the other, not both!!! No time for you to eat both because we have another seating in two and a half hours!! What does that tell you?Entertainment? If you find playing Bingo for trinkets or children at 9PM dancing and holding a long note entertainment you will enjoy this resort!! They do have on some evenings a singer and little band for a couple of hours in the Plaza which is enjoyable. When that is over around 9PM there is nothing but bedtime left here. The 24/7 dining option is a refrigerator full of cold sandwiches, hot dogs and hamburgers that you can microwave. not my idea of a luxury resort.Spa.......I did not see one person making or having a spa treatment all week and I visited the Spa several times to use the Roman Baths which were lovely. There are no Spa Menu's anywhere to see options or prices.Beach is lovely but allot of seaweed floating in the water. Walk down to the Bahia and swim in a lovely clean enviroment.Management........ provides an ear and listens but does absolutely nothing to change things. The manager walks around every night and acts like all is well while the guests are complaining and vowing never to return to his hotel. Specialty Restaurants.......... The Brazilian is one piece of super tough un edible meat after another. I can't believe meat can be this bad!! The Italian left three out of four of us with diarreah for several days. The Asian is fair. The Steakhouse we found acceptable after being warned by many other guests to avoid it at all costs. I guess by then our standards had gotten so low anything was acceptable.The buffet's have flies swimming in the oatmeal at breakfast. Allot of tasteless breads. Good fruit!! no milk or cream, just leche at this resort. Meats are undercooked or tough........Fish is scarce. No lobster at all..........Prawns twice were ok. No ice tea. Coffee was very strong. The drinks are terrible. After several days you may find one drinkable. I settled on the Costa Caribe which was different at every bar. When you ask for wine and what they have the answer is always white/red.........nobody knows anything. Very nice, untrained staff. Sad to say the least....Do yourself a favor and skip Riu and check out an Iberostar or the Bahia. Others we met on the plane said the Majestic was very good.The Riu Palace Punta Cana puts your expectations to the sky when you enter the beautiful lobby and drops them lower with each day your are there. We couldn't wait to leave!! That was a first for me in the Caribbean!! ALL SHOW AND NO GO was my motto for this resort.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomCanuck
<Content>Truly a Palace but with some Problems We are a couple in our 50's and frequent travellers.This is wonderful hotel complex and we never left it in the week we were there. I agree with most of the positive comments made by other reviewers.Problems.We stayed in room 2031. The room smelled of mold and mildew every time we entered the room. After a few minutes in the room we didn't really notice it any more. After a number of day I developed a cough...reason unknown. A fter we returned home we noticed the mildew smell was in everthing we had with us including shoes and luggage.Also we both became moderately ill after four days, even aften taking the normal precautions. That meant taking immodium and limiting food and drink.......We met others in the different Riu hotels in the complex and there varying degrees of illnesses reported to us, so we were not alone in this problem. So if your are considering this hotel be forwarned.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>huck117
<Content>Wonderful Wedding at the Riu               More photos  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>LIFELOVERS
<Content>The Honeymooners Dominican Republic: Riu Palace Punta CanaDate: november 12,2006My spouse and i recently returned from the above location after visiting for a week on our honeymoon. We had a wonderful time and just enjoyed all of the amenities. The staff was excellent and the food was great. However, there should be certain sections in these restaurants designated to the smoking population. Neither my spouse nor i smoke and had a very difficult time in certain locations. I am not going to ramble on, but just wanted to expressed my concern and at the same time let you know we had a wonderful time and would certainly return in the future. Sincerely Your The Honeymooners  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessie_powell
<Content>Wonderful Resort-Great for Everyone!! My new husband and I went to the Riu Palace Punta Cana for our Honeymoon in September. We absolutely loved it and have wished we could be back there everyday since we got home!! I would highly reccommend this resort to my clients as I am a travel agent, and I would reccommend it for families, singles, couples, and anyone wanting a little slice of heaven!!First, the lobby was beautiful. Very spacious and clean, lots of photo ops. Checking in was a breeze as we were with Apple Vacations. Rooms were nice, the king size bed was two beds pushed together, but not a problem. Also the bed was too hard for us, but some others I talked to loved the bed. I enjoyed the balcony, private and had two lounge chairs. Food was great, much better than it was 5 years ago when we took our first trip to Punta Cana. The guacamole was the best I have ever tasted! Servers were wonderful, all had smiles and were very helpful. We never went without a drink at the pool. Of course, tipping them a few bucks here and there helps. It doesn't have to be much, and they will remember you the whole time you're there!! Plus, they work very hard-they deserve it!I loved the beach!!!! I thought it was very clever that they planted new palms on the beach so that almost everywhere you parked yourself on the beach, you were guaranteed some shade. Made for a very tropical feel as well. Water was a little rough when we visited, but it just might be the time of year. Very cool shipwreck just offshore as well.One of the things I really enjoyed staying at the Riu Palace was that when staying at any of the Riu's, they're all located in a complex and there is a lovely path that runs between all of the resorts. The path leads you to Caribbean Street where there are plenty of shops, evening entertainment, and a disco. The path is very romantic at night and lovely for after dinner strolls as the beach is unlit. Also, when staying at the Riu Palace Punta Cana, as an added bonus, you can go to the other resorts and use their facilities. You cannot, however, have dinner at the other resorts, but you could go for lunch, or sit around and enjoy drinks in the evening.The shows were ok. I say that only because I have been on cruises, and the shows there are unbelievable!!! So this to me was ammature, but still entertaining. I honestly do not see how anyone could go to this resort and be dissapointed, I surely was not, and I hope to visit there again someday!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MeauxDan
<Content>Simply Amazing! To celebrate our honeymoon, my wife and I chose to stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana the week of October 9-October 16, 2006. All I can say about the place is......Amazing! After a 30 min ride from the airport, we arrived at The Palace. Once you pull up to this resort, you will immediately realize why this is so aptly named.While checking in, we were warmly greeted by many smiling faces (and a much-needed cold beverage) who all seemed to only be waiting for US to show up. Obviously this was not the case, but the staff makes you feel as if you are the most important person at the resort. The lobby is simply beautiful as well. What a welcome.We checked into our room (room 3111) and was very impressed by the cleanliness and amenities. Our housekeeper even had rose petals spread around the king-sized bed. Maybe this is standard, but for two honeymooners, we thought they were going the extra step for us. The well-stocked mini bar was always full and the tear down service at nice nicely welcomed. Very nice touch. During our week here, we had the pleasure of dining at each of the restaurants. Even the required pants for males was not a big deal (I now own some very fine linen ones!). We enjoyed the buffets best though. The service at all the buffets, restaurants, shops, pool, etc, was top-notch. It was unbelievable to watch many of the staff working first thing in the morning and still going strong late into the evening (with a smile on their faces no less). I myself could not do that. If you have the opportunity to go there, look for Francisco at the pool. He knows what you need/want before you do and has it for you in minutes. Melo makes a mean drink as well. Jonathan (happy/happy, clappy/clappy) will get you motivated to join in the crazy games at the pool. I could go on about the staff, but what is most amazing is most everyone speaks many languages. You simply do not find that in the States. Many of the staff and even our guide on our 4X4 excursion went from speaking English to Spanish to French to German without flinching. We would DEFINITELY recommend the 4X4 excursion with Crazy Wheels. We were able to ride on trails, in the mountains, pn the beach, mingle with many people from many countries as well as the friendly people of the Dominican Republic. We may have not all understood each other, but the smiles on our faces all said the same thing.We did have 1 1/2 days of rain....no big deal. We got massages on the beach, shopped in the rain and enjoyed one another's company in our room! Definitely can't complain about the rain.....All in all, I would recommend this resort to ANYONE. Our power went out once during our first night, but who cares? We simply had a cocktail and waited for it to come back on. It's a new resort, there will be kinks to work out. We met a very nice couple from Canada who said this was their 6th RIU resort. We can see why they are so loyal.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shellyru
<Content>Beautiful Resort! Loved The Riu! My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from October 7-14, and couldn't have been happier. We were on our honeymoon and it was so relaxing and exactly what we needed. The transportation to the hotel was via bus (through GoGo Tours), and took about 45 minutes. We had the opportunity to see some of the other resorts, and the ride was pleasant. Once we arrived at the Riu (by the way, the lobby is so gorgeous), our luggage was taken, and we were checked in and welcomed with a nice drink. The front desk gave us our towel cards and keys, and gave us a general overview of the hotel. Everyone was very friendly and there was no language barrier. Our room was a king suite and was very clean, and comfortable. It was on the second floor, close to the restaurants, and our balcony looked out into the courtyard. The bar and fridge were fully stocked and always remained that way. Whenever we were in the room when they came to restock it, the guy gave us a little gift which I thought was very sweet. The staff was always very friendly saying hello, and smiling. We spent most of our time at the beach and the pool. The beach was so beautiful-crystal clear blue water (so salty though, I was surprised) and the sand was so soft! The pools were great. We spent most of our time at the pool bar. Ask for Melo when you go. He was great, and kept making us special drinks to try. They did the trick! :0) We had a lot of fun hanging out there.The food was very good and better than we had expected. We tried the Italian, the Rodizio, and the Gourmet restaurants. All were tasty but we liked the Rodizio the best by far. The rest of the time we stuck to the two buffets, and were able to find different items to eat with no problem. We were ready for some good American fast food by the end of the week, don't get me wrong, but the food was delicious for the most part and there was a great variety to choose from.The only extras we tried were parasailing which was a blast and so worth it, and the massage which is always a nice treat. We did a little shopping too, but most of the gift items are what you would usually find on vacation. We tried to get cigars and Mamajuana for most people since it was something a little different. So, I guess that's it. I would definitely recommend this resort to everyone. It's very relaxing and will definitely help you unwind. Beautiful resort-definitely check it out!!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kindkitchen
<Content>touchy feely staff - Amazing otherwise FoodIncreadable selection - fresh roasted meat table, salad bar, fish bar, fresh fruit juice bar in mornings. Restraunts worth the reservation.Beach - spectacularPool - wonderfulStaff - very helpfulOne huge complaint... I traveled with my female boss and male staff continually (many times daily) hit on us and were physically touchy.. I got to the point where I would put out my hand out and say no if someone approuched suggestivly. Even when I got towels in the morning the pool boy would rub against me.. I had to push him again later that day.. I subsequently made my employer get towels.. After dinner I was asked out by a staff member and when I said no he said don't you want some fun.. all american girls come here to have some fun...This would be a great place for couples.. or if you are single and want to be left alone wear a band.. I'm not really into stage shows but the folks at the hotel worked so hard - the dancing was really increadable.. they seemed overworked.. We went on a tour of the sugar cane fields and cigar factories.. It was not worthwile in my opinion and we ended up getting our money back.. for lack of safety item.. seatbelts.. People drank heavily.. but it never disturbed me.. Rooms were amazing.. extravagent..  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>tedcam
<Content>Thank You TNT Vacations Last January I was one of the lucky winners of 鈥淭rip-A-Day Giveaway鈥?(an online contest @ TNT Vacations[]) and I won this trip for two. Thank you so much TNT.We traveled to the Riu Palace Punta Cana Oct 15 to Oct 22. The chartered flights and transfers to the hotel were on time 鈥?no anxiety.The weather: Perfectly hot, mornings sunny, afternoons mixed clouds and sun with occasional short lived showers sometimes into the evening. The rain was never a problem and I didn鈥檛 need a sweater the entire time.The Hotel: Beautiful, especially when lit up at night. Our Room #2035: Large, clean, attractive 鈥?we were very comfortable. The Room Location: Toward the beach at the outside of the property facing one of the Riu Bambu鈥檚 kitchens (some noise from the kitchen but only when outside, no noise in the room). Trees and bamboo gave us plenty of privacy. Morning sun made it too hot to sit out on the balcony until after 2pm, but our wet clothing dried quickly. We were always at the beach in the morning anyway.The Grounds: Nicely paved walkways with pretty, if immature plantings. We especially enjoyed evening walks along the path that parallels the beach in front of the Bambu  Macao resorts next door. It is lined with lamps and ends at 鈥淐aribbean Street鈥?which has many small shops.The Pools: Beautiful - one large pool with swim up bar and one raised pool, round with a beautiful granite edge that the water flowed over. We have never spent time at a pool before, but we loved this pool and went in every day. The Beach: Miles of packed powder 鈥?sand that is 鈥?the best walking beach I have ever been to. (This is our 9th all inclusive in the Caribbean) Walk north beyond the Bahia and when you round the corner to Breezes there is a sensational view of mountains inland. Picture perfect. Walk south past Iberostar to the vendor huts on the beach 鈥?colorful and quaint. Stay in the surf to avoid being perused by salesmen or bring money with you and shop. The Riu鈥檚 beachfront is lined with palm trees which create a luxurious shade. We stationed ourselves here each day - reading, swimming, drinking, kayaking, walking, relaxing and wowed by the beautiful beach. We didn鈥檛 do any excursions. Too busy.The Water: Rolling warm aqua waves鈥︹€?Dreamy鈥?.The Staff: Friendly, polite and professional. We never wanted for anything. The Food: Good 鈥?comparable to the other all-inclusive hotels we鈥檝e been to. Mexican night was delicious with roasted turkey and tortillas.We loved this beach and resort.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>hurakanlola
<Content>Hotel is truly a Palace! We are a couple in our late 40鈥檚 who recently returned from the Riu Palace Punta Cana. I heartily agree 鈥?the disgruntled reviews of this hotel are totally out of line. Our previous all-inclusive stays include the Grand Palladium and Bahia Principe in Riviera Maya and the Sunscape in LaRomana, DR. Our trip started badly 鈥?we flew USA3000 out of Baltimore. The flight was at 8:00 a.m. and they waited until 7:30 to decide they needed a part from Philadelphia. That plane should have been checked and ready to go long before 7:30 鈥?and any parts they needed should have been in Baltimore. When I joked to the Apple rep on the plane about what he was going to do to make it up to us 鈥?he shrugged his shoulders and gave me a look that said 鈥淲hatever.鈥?I really was only kidding, but his attitude irritated me.Once we landed in the Dominican Republic though, it was all smooth sailing. We flew through customs 鈥?we were all amazed how soon we were on the bus to our resort. The Palace is about a half an hour away from the airport. The drive there is sobering because of the surrounding poverty and trash. The Riu Palace Punta Cana is truly a 鈥淧ALACE.鈥?Words cannot convey what a beautiful place this hotel is, and we probably will not be able to afford to stay here in the future. See it now, because the prices are only going to go up, up, up.We booked our trip with Judy and Maria鈥檚 Travel out of Pennsylvania. Though we did get a great price 鈥?we did not feel we received any special attention because we booked with them. It was off-season and our room overlooked palm trees and the Bahia Principe property. Save your money - it鈥檚 not necessary to subscribe to their web-site 鈥?you can get the same information, and more advice from Trip Advisor, or Debbie鈥檚 Dominican for free.The room itself was very beautiful, with a lot of marble, and a step down area for sitting and watching television. There is a balcony and it was very nice to sit out on the deck in the evening. If you like to drink, you would never have to leave your room 鈥?there is an excellent selection of liquors and mixers.As for the food, I was skeptical when other reviews kept saying that they preferred the buffet to the a la carte restaurants - but the buffet really is excellent. You can dine either in the air-conditioned part, or outside on the veranda. We usually preferred the outdoors because it seemed more tropical and intimate. I often enjoyed champagne or mimosas for breakfast and the staff was always friendly. They work extremely long days and still remain up-beat. Say hello to Regina 鈥?she is expecting and always had a smile while working a very hard day.The a la cartes we ate at were Luigi鈥檚 鈥?Italian, la Botega 鈥?Brazilian, and la Atlagracia 鈥?steakhouse. If you go to the steakhouse 鈥?bring your bug spray if you eat very close to the beach. My husband went back to the room to get the spray 鈥?otherwise we would have had to move. The food and service at Luigi鈥檚 was very good; the service at la Botega was excellent 鈥?the food so, so. The steakhouse was good but the service was somewhat slow. For these restaurants though, you have to make a reservation and get more dressed up. Either format requires men to wear long pants and closed toe shoes. However, we did see some jeans and open toe shoes sneak in both types of restaurants.What the Palace lacks is a more casual lunch choice. Here you can鈥檛 get too casual for lunch - and who feels like leaving the pool and getting pulled together? If you are staying at the Palace you can go down to the other beachfront restaurants at the Macao or Bambu for much more casual dining. The ambience at the Caribe Bar at the Macao was very tropical and relaxing.Side note - odd thing about this hotel is that they don't organize volleyball. My husband loves to play volleyball and half the time they couldn't even find the ball. All of the other hotels on the beach were playing - ??The weather was amazing, yet draining sometimes due to the heat. We had one day of rain, and that was probably for the best to get us out of the strong Caribbean sun. Bring sunscreen or you will pay dearly for it. Don鈥檛 bother with the insulated cups 鈥?the staff always keeps a fresh, cold drink coming. As for souvenirs, vendors come to the hotel a couple days a week and set up. There is also a flea market down the beach with the same merchandise. You must bargain and if you are a woman 鈥?tell them 鈥渘o molestar鈥?and they will stop pressuring you as much.As an all-inclusive resort, they say tips are included. Please consider tipping really good service. They work very hard, and if you put yourself in their shoes, you might reconsider.We would have a hard time now staying anywhere else in Punta Cana. All-inclusives try to appeal to many different types of people. If you weren鈥檛 happy here, perhaps you should look in the mirror. We were definitely spoiled by the beauty and the luxury.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nancynu
<Content>Very impressed by the Riu Palace Punta Cana       Fountainview from pool  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TommyButler
<Content>Fantastic Relaxing Hloiday My wife and I (I'm 51 and wife is 48) stayed at the Riu Palace from 25 Sep - 09 Oct 06. This was our first visit to the Dom Rep and like some have already said after reading some of the reviews, I thought what have I gone and done !!!It was one of the best holidays that we have ever had - 99 people out of 100 will find this an excellent, relaxing holiday and what I've now realised is that one person will slate the hotel and holiday. In summary, please do not worry, weather, rooms, pool, food and waiter service at the beach !! make it an excellent holiday. I have got no doubt that you will wish to return as we do.Any queries feel free to email me:johnjoebutler@aol.com  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlondeBombshell21
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Fantastic Holiday - Dont believe all you read! Myself and my boyfriend stayed in the Riu Palace for 2 weeks at the beginning of September and we both agree that we have never had a better holiday. After reading the reviews before i went i began to wonder if we had made a mistake in travelling so far and spending so much money on a holiday. Within the first minute of stepping into the Hotel all fears disappeared and in fact i was extremely annoyed at the reviews the Hotel have been unfairly given. The Hotel itself is very grand with lots of fountains, marble floors, piano bar etc and the detail that goes in to the upkeep is unbelievable, especially as its only a few months old. Every day we saw staff polishing all the Iron around the stairs or chairs or cleaning the pathways, it is immaculate! All the same details as everyone else has written, fantastic beach - miles of white sand and plenty of free water sports to do, 2 large pools, plenty of sunbeds to get. After a long lie one day we were still able to choose from loads of beds after 12pm. The reviews on the staff are also unjustified, we did not meet one rude/ignorant staff member in our whole 2 weeks. We did notice though that they dont speak as much English as other Dominican resorts weve been to and i wonder if this is why they have been labelled as ignorant? We found that by just uttering a few Spanish words such as please and thank you guaranteed a smile, a chat and excellent service. The food is also a plus point with so much to choose from every night. I would highly recommend moving around the A-La Carte restaurants during the holiday as a couple we met ate constantly in the Buffet restaurant and found it a bit repetitive by the end of the 2 weeks. Our recommendations are Sir Oscar - must be tried for the best fine dining ive ever had and the Steak House was also fantastic. The only down side of our holiday was the attitude of other Holiday makers, namely the Americans. They were very demanding of the staff and often asked for things without a please or thank you. What particularly annoyed me was they way they spoke to staff, speaking to them as if they were of a lower class. We also found it very difficult to book the A La Carte restaurants during our second week as the Americans refused to eat in the Buffet restaurant and booked out all of the restaurants every night. Unfortuantely the Hotel cant do anything about this as the bookings are made on a first come first served basis. I dont mean for anyone to take offence at this comment, i am not judging everyone from America in this way. I just found their attitude very disappointing and offensive.I really hope anyone considering going to this hotel wont be put off by negative comments posted on this Site. It really is a fantastic hotel where your every need is catered for. We would go back in a second. Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>beachbleach
<Content>Perfect Vacation!       Pristine Water  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taina37
<Content>Wonderful All I can tell you it is an execellent place, the food, the service, the room. Riu Palace Punta Cana the place to be.Just go.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paish
<Content>Riu Palace is the place to go My husband and I had just returned from Riu. We spant 5 days there; from the 5th to the 9th of October 2006. We live in Dominican Republic, in its capital Santo Domingo. We are expats for a British water company in the DR.The Riu hotel is very new, just opened in April 2006. When we arrived, the staff at the front desk was pleasant; we signed the papers and got our key plus the safe's lock. The checking-in was quick; there was not a problem. The room (Junior suite) was nice and tidy, with the maid's craft (towels made into 'swans' - which were 'crafted' daily). We had a balcony overlooking the fountains. The whole place is so beautiful and grand.The pools are nice too; there are two, plus a small pool away from the others, in the kiddies play area. I like the round pool where the water flows on the sides of the marble walls. Magnificent! The beach was very inviting, to say the least. The were plenty of space if you want to be away from other guests. Nonetheless, don't be offended by the topless women in all different shapes and sizes; it seemed normal all along the beach. The staffs in the hotel were superb! There were friendly and always willing to help. Top class for top service. The food is good too. Plenty of choice to choose from. Yokohama restaurant and La Altagracia are recommended. The nightly shows were less than average; but it kept us laughing all night everynight so it can't be too bad. Although I must say, Michael Jackson's show was pretty imaginative.This is a place to go, overall service and accomodation are very good indeed. Please don't believe the negatives about this place. Communication with the staffs is the key. Just tell them what you need, they will do it for you, as quick as they can. We are certainly going back. Enjoy Riu Palace!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bedsprings
<Content>very relaxing holiday if your looking to relax  sunbathe while reading a good book under the swaying palm trees, then you `l love this place, the Macao was exactly what we wanted, ***** star with all the bells  whistles.the food was good, the service even better, if you have teenage children seeking a hectic time, they will be bored stiff here, as the evening entertainment is very lame.for scuba divers, the reefs are not very good at this resort, the sea can be rough beyond the breakers with huge swells making it very difficult to enter the water from the boat, i booked 8 dives,  i was disappointed with all of them.overall, it was a nice hotel, with probably the beast beach i `v ever seen.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lp3
<Content>great vacation We stayed at Riu Palace Punta Cana from 9/16th to 9/23rd. It was one of our best vacations ever! The service was excellent from the waiters to the ANIMACION peple. On my birthday, they decorated our room with balloons and even gave me gifts. That was really something! For dinner, my husband arranged a surprise birthday cake for me. So they had our table decorated with fresh flowers all over and the waiters sang while they brought in the cake. It was really nice. The room was not too big but just the right size for us. The cleaning ladies are always around and they do a good job. The turn-down service was a nice touch. Although our only complaint is that the room did have a smell which sticks to your clothing. But the resort cannot help it. Punta Cana is just a warm, humid place. Just make sure that you always keep the air conditioner on.The beach and the pool were just amazing! It was really picture perfect. There are plenty of loungers to go around so don't worry. Although if you want a good spot , try to get there by 8 or 9 in the morning. Overall, I would recommend Riu Palace Punta Cana to anyone. I read the reviews here and I was hesitant at first with some of the bad comments. But after staying there, I would not hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>adgarcia
<Content>5 star resort for sure!!!!!! Just got back yesterday and wanted to share my wonderful experience about the hotel. We are frequent travellers and have been in many beatiful places and resorts around the world. The RIU palace Punta Cana was the most impressive hotel I've ever stayed at. The service was excellent and resort is very well maintained. We tried some of the ala carte restaurant however by the 2nd day i realize the Don Manuel Buffet style restaurant was better because it had a wide variety of items including caviar one day of the week. The staff was very nice. It is a very quite resort compare to the other RIU which u can choose visit at walking distance. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SPKDAVE
<Content>You will feel like a King in the Palace I just stayed (Mid Sep) in the RIU Palace Punta Cana for a week with my wife, we are in our late 20鈥檚.The hotel is gorgeous and its lobby it鈥檚 very impressive with its use of marble and very elegant decoration. Once you arrive at the hotel you know you are in a special place. Check in was very fast. We stayed in room 0045 which was very close to the beach and pool. -- Pros --Service: Very good service in every area of the hotel. From the ala carte restaurants to the buffets to the beach grill. It seems like every person working there always has a smile on their face. My room air conditioner was not cooling enough, I stopped by the lobby to report this issue and before I arrived at my room 2 technicians were already working on the problem.Drinks : Top shelf drinks in all bar (Johnny Walker, Jack Daniel) and the bartenders will fix your drinks exactly how you like them. For most of my stay I drank Caipiri帽a with 陆 sprite or 7UP and 陆 rum. The wine and the champagne available in the bars are also good.Food: This is a resort, so you have your standard resort food but some nights the buffet was very good. We really enjoyed the Caribbean night in the buffet. The gourmet Ala carte restaurant that we tried was very good. Had the tenderloins which were small but very good. My wife had the fish and was very happy.Beach: What a beautiful beach, the sand feels like silk and the water is very clear. The beach current and the waves can be a little strong for a small child but not a problem for an adult. I personally prefer to hang by the pool.Room: Standard RIU palace room. Looks just like the one in Cancun. Comfortable bed, nice balcony and spacious bathroom.-- Cons 鈥?br/>Entertainment: Night entertainment can be pretty lame with the exception of the Michael Jackson show. But since guests at the RIU Palace have access to the other RIU hotels we just had dinner in the Palace and went to the shows in the other hotels. Kareoke in the Bambu on Sat was A LOT of fun.Water: If you like to drink a lot of water bring bottle water from outside the hotel. There is a gallon of water that is stored in the small fridge in the room but it taste kinda weird and there is NO bottle water anywhere in the hotel.Billiards: Not included in the hotel and it cost US$3 per game in the sports bar. Pretty much a ripoff.Disco: A real meat market. I went there twice and both times they were playing Merengue music. A lot of locals and not really the place where you would take your wife. A lot of single people looking to hook up, but once again some people may consider that a PRO and not a CON鈥?br/>SMOKE: Oh my good鈥?I don鈥檛 understand how Europeans can smoke so much. Cigarette smoke seems to be everywhere, pool, bar, show area and people don鈥檛 care if there are small children near by, they still smoke. This specifically bothered me during the show because everybody is in a semi enclosed space. I mentioned this to the director as the only thing that has bothered me during my stay.Japanese Restaurant: Don鈥檛 waste your time going there. I can find better Sushi in my local supermarket.I will recommend taking an afternoon and having a photo session with Alexis the photographer from the Hotel and also taking and afternoon and walking to the little market by the beach (about 30 min walk)  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>beachlover57
<Content>The Palace is a "PALACE" My wife and I just returned from the new Riu Palace Punta Cana. Let me start with the bad stuff. They didn鈥檛 use real strawberries in their strawberry daiquiri鈥檚. The pool water was too warm. They had no bottled water, just purified water and ice in cups at the bars and restaurants and gallon bottles in the room. Other than that, I couldn鈥檛 find any fault with this 鈥淔ABULOUS鈥?resort!! Every room is a jr. suite or better with the in-room alcohol dispensers (rum, gin, vodka, whiskey), fully stocked mini-bar (beer, soda, juice, water), whirlpool tub, private balcony, satellite TV, etc鈥? I heard some folks complain about the hard mattresses, however, I never slept better in my life!There are 6 restaurants, 5 theme (Italian, Gourmet, Japanese, Brazilian, Steakhouse) and 2 buffets (the buffet by the pool doubles as the steakhouse at night). For an all-inclusive, the food was excellent! Forget all-inclusive, THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT!! There was always a good selection of entrees and sides and a variety of deserts. One night they actually served 鈥渃aviar鈥?in the buffet! That same night all of the ladies received 鈥渞oses鈥?and the men cigars as the entered the buffet. I tried not to over eat, but it was hard. The service was excellent at all of the restaurants; there was always someone there to refill your glass or to provide whatever you might need. The ala-carts do require reservations (daily between 10am and 1pm. I never waited more than 30 seconds to a minute to make a reservation) and men must wear long pants. There are 2 pools plus a kiddie pool. There is a bar in the main pool. It also has several Jacuzzi鈥檚, a dozen (in pool) loungers and sitting areas with tables for your drinks or snacks. You can order from the bar or from the waiters who patrol the area. There is also waiter service at the beach for alcoholic beverages. The beach is the 鈥淏est鈥?I鈥檝e seen anywhere!! The powder white sand is smooth to the touch and feels wonderful as it slides between your toes. There is an abundance of foliage for shade and plenty of lounge chairs to go around. The water is a beautiful aqua blue; it is cool enough to refresh you and warm enough to walk right into. The waves range from gentle to giant depending on the tide. You can definitely use a 鈥渂oogie board鈥? however, you may have some trouble trying to lay quietly on a 鈥渁ir mattress鈥? My wife and I enjoyed jumping waves hours on end. For parents with children, there is a lot of topless sunbathing (most I鈥檝e seen) on the beach and some also at the pool. Like most 鈥淎I鈥?resorts, there are plenty of water sports available, sailing, paddleboats, kayaks etc. You can pay extra for parasailing, scuba, banana boat et al. There are pool tables, slot machines, and air hockey in the 鈥淪ports Bar鈥?along with 鈥減ackaged snacks鈥?(hamburgers, hotdogs, sandwiches etc.) if you get hungry late at night. There is also a casino and a disco on the complex (comprised of 5 resorts of which you have full access) accessible by shuttles leaving every 30 minutes. After jumping waves all day, I didn鈥檛 make it to either one!The bottom line is, if you (like me) are looking for a 鈥淕reat Beach鈥? 鈥淪trong Drinks鈥? 鈥淕reat Food鈥? a 鈥淓xtremely Comfortable Room鈥? and 鈥淕reat Service鈥? the 鈥淩iu Palace Punta Cana鈥?will provide that and much, much more.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>parkingguy
<Content>Be sure to read this I just got back yesterday and couldnt wait to post my review of this place after reading others for the past 3 months. I stayed here Sept 14 thru Sept 21. My room number was 2153. This has been my 3rd all inclusive vacation. Others were Iberostar Punta Cana and Barcelo Riviera Maya. I have vacationed alot in the past but usually rent condos or houses in Florida. Also I am single and travel alone.First I want to say, some posts here suggest that Europeans are rude. I am from the U.S. and I think rude people come from all countries. I do not discriminate. I used Gogo tours. All transfers were very smooth with no problems. They used Mercedes vans that were very nice. Pulling up to the resort, it is very impressive. At check in there was no line and immediate. I asked for a top floor room and got the 3rd floor. 4 is the top. Next I inquired about the phone card that you could buy in the lobby and use on the lobby phone. They said they dont do that anymore. They offered me to use a booth next to the front desk and charged 2.50 per minute. I made 2 short calls back to the US costing 6.00. I thought that was fair. Next they brought me to my room. It was extraordinary and very clean. Nice furniture and marble. Probably one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever had. However, I was toward the front of the hotel, close to the lobby, and had to really look hard to the right to see the water. Below was a access path that was made out of bricks that constantly carried employees with carts to and from the resort making noise. TV worked well with many channels in English. Nice jetted tub with shower and two sinks. Mini bar was stocked but the fridge in the room does not get cold. I iced down one of the sinks for cold beer. I did like the Brahma beer they had. Its a pilsner and is good when ice cold. Also one of the chairs on the balcony kept coming apart. The arm kept coming out of the socket. I used the other one. I did notice the hard beds. However the sheets pillows and blankets were wonderful!My biggest problem with this place is there is no way to lock the front door to keep out the maids or drink re-stockers. The 1st night I was there I used the do not disturb sign and kept it on the door thru the next morning. I had breakfast and then went to the orientation with the Gogo tour guy. Came back to the room and got ready for the beach. I guess the maid didnt like the fact that I had the sign on the door the whole morning. Because, when they cleaned the room that morning she took the sign and left another clean room as soon as possible sign. Why would I need two of these??? The next morning I got up and to the beach early. I left a note for the maid to replace the do not disturb sign. She did not. After the day was over I came back to my room and my note was gone but there were still 2 clean room signs hanging on the door. I didnt do anything more about it that evening. The next morning at about 9 am, I was asleep and the maid knocked on the door. I said go away but she came right in and said HOLA, Oh your sleeping. DUH... Well after that I got up and took a shower. I was wearing a towel getting clothes to put on and then the drink re-stocker decides to come in.. I told him to go away. He asked dont you want me to re-stock your fridge? I said no and thought, not while I was naked. After going to the beach and getting back to the room, it had been cleaned but the fridge didnt get re-stocked. I went to the front desk that evening and requested I get the propper sign to hang on the door! They had one there after I got back from dinner. Also the next day, the re-stocker guy only left me 2 beers. I guess he didnt like me telling him to go away. That was the only time they came in on me but I used my sign continuously. That doesnt keep them from yelling at each other outside your door waking you up at early hours. They could be quieter and not yell and slam doors at 9 am. After a late night, you want to sleep in, This is vacation right?OK, enough of that, let me go back to some of the positives. The beach is one of the best I have ever been to. I like the shipwreck off the coast in front of the resort. The sand is nice with plenty of shade or sun whatever you prefer at the moment. I had nice weather every day with a little rain a couple of nights. The food for dinner at the buffet was pretty good. I did not like wearing long pants for dinner. If you went out walking at night afterwards, you would get pretty sweaty wearing them. I could not wait to put shorts back on after I ate. I tried to eat healthy, fish, veggies, etc. Breakfast was needing a little help though. The dishes of scrambled eggs were more like soup. Sometimes the bacon looked like it was still moving. I like mine cooked! I like hash browns for breakfast, not french fries. But I didnt really come here to gorge myself... I really enjoyed the sports bar. I did not pay the 3 dollars that it cost to play pool. I guess if it was free, nobody would get to play it would be too busy. Also one night I got there and ordered a margarita. very yummy... but when the bartender asked me if I wanted another, I sad no and switched to beer. I about fell off my stool when she took the lime from my used glass and put it back in the container where it came from!!! WOW! I didnt lick it so I guess it was OK. LOL! I did not try the 24 hour snacks that were in the fridge. Was too scared. I did try the slots in there for 20 bucks. They dont seem to pay out much but I was not suprised. Note, I was just in Vegas 2 months ago.The first time I went to the pool, I burnt my feet walking to it. I figured out after that to wear flip-flops to the edge and then get in. It was too warm. I only used it only a little. I like the beach much better. Which brings me to another problem. I used a cooler cup at the beach to keep my beverage cold and plentiful. That was nice and worked well the first four days. The 5th day I went down and asked the pool bartender to fill it with diet pepsi, He looked at me and said the problem with that is, we have people who deliver diet pepsi to you on the beach. I said it had not been a problem until now?? He proceeded to go ahead and fill my cup. Then said salute. I made it to my beach chair to find he filled it with orange drink. It was OK but HE knew what I wanted! I thought this place is all inclusive? Can they not spare a cup of soda? I guess not since they recycle the limes!Let me add that most of the people working her were very nice. I even tipped some of them. Just a couple of them took me off guard... I did not do any excursions off the resort. I figured I had payed enough to stay there. I did catch the Michael Jackson show at the Macao next door. That was good. The other shows I seen were back at my resort. They were good with the guests being participents. That was funny and made me laugh. However, one of the shows, they lip-sinked the whole thing. I did not make it till the end... pretty bad. Something definatly worth seeing, is the view down the beach to the north. Its a good walk but well worth it! Take a left out of the resort and go until the bend in the beach. I just wanted to see what was on the other side. I made the mistake of not bringing a camera... very breathtaking with the mountains in the background!I did buy a t-shirt in one of the shops for 10 dollars... thought that was a good deal. I did not try any of the ala cart restaurants. I wish I had but didnt want to deal with the wait that morning or have any schedule to meet. I was pleased with the dinner buffet anyway. OK, on to leaving now. Yesterday morning when packing my suitcase, I noticed someone had broken the strap on top that carries another attached bag... This could have been American Airlines, but I did not notice it picking it up at the airport. The bus driver took it from me and gave it to the bellman at the resort. The bellman brought it to my room and put it on the shelf and it stayed there the whole time. Oh-well. This was only the second time I had used this suitcase, it was new! They obviously picked it up with the strap instead of using the handles. The plastic buckle broke and you know whoever done it knew they did it! Of course, they are not going to let you know. When leaving I let the other bellman take my bag to store until my ride arrived. I only had a 30 minute wait. He may have rolled it a total of 20 feet for me but looked very dissatisfied when I didnt give him a tip! Also when I turned in my keys and pool card, the person at the desk just said its OK. They could have said thank you???Needless to say, I will probably go back to renting condos and houses in Florida.... I hope this post helps! P.S. The flight to and from Miami offers some very good views of the bahamas.. I took pictures from the plane on the way back!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Alex31
<Content>Amazing Resort The actual experience surpassed any reviews that we head read before going out there - and the reviews were excellent.The beach is perfect in the sense that the waves are just the right height to have enough fun the sand is soft and best of all are the numerous palm trees that provide a comfortable amount of shade and complete ambience.Oh... how did i forget about the room. It was thrilling to walk in to such a large room - and it wasn't a suite or any kind of upgrade- just basic. We were overcome by how clean and brand new everything was and perhaps the best part was the all-inclusive bar - it isn't technically a bar, but it might as well be one. Take your pick from brandy, gin, whisky and rum not to mention the fridge that is packed full of beer and endless amounts of water!!! And it really is all-inclusive and so is breakfast in the room. Give the guy a small tip and he's happy.If you prefer the pool to the beach then you won't be disappointed. Although we didn't use the pool it looked extremely nice.As if we weren鈥檛 spoiled enough I explored a little bit around the immaculate grounds of the hotel and stumbled on spa that I can only describe as heaven on earth- it was absolutely amazing. I used the two large Jacuzzis, sauna and lounge chairs and found it to be a completely relaxing environment. My wife went there for massages e.t.cGuys you shouldn't be too concerned about getting out of bed early to bag a good spot on the beach as there is plenty of room especially now that peak season is over. So relax and get breakfast in the room, or go to Don Manuel where breakfast is served from 7:00 till 10:30. Personally i found that coffee and croissants in the room early, then continental breakfast at the restaurant by the beachfront between 10:30-12 to be just perfect. Lunch is served at the same place from 12-5. In other words there is no reason to go hungry any time of the day.Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdh210
<Content>A Really Great Trip... My boyfriend and I (early 20s) spent a week at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from 8/30-9/05. After reading the reviews before I left, I was kinda skeptical and a little concerned. Overall, the hotel was great and we had a great time. Here are some details:Rooms: We had a regular junior suite, and because it was an end room we had a double balcony. Yeah, the beds were a little hard, but I'm used to it and after spending all day in the sun there were no problems getting to sleep. The room is very nice, and new...I don't really know why anyone had any comlaints. The fridge was stocked with bottled sodas and beer, as well as the liquor cabinet. One night the bar service man stopped by and gave me a bottle of champagne as well as a couple of dominican gifts-very nice of him so we tipped him.Pools  Beach: The pool was never too crowded, but it was like a warm bathtub. The pool bar made the aread reek of stale beer, but it wasn't as noticeable the further away from the bar you were. The beach was beautiful- the reason why you should visit Punta Cana. There was plenty of shade and chairs. Drink service at the pool and beach were a little slow, so I had no problem walking the 20 ft. to the bar to get my own drinks. There are lots of topless women at the beach and men in banana-hammocks, which you don't see much of here at the Jersey Shore.Restaurants: From reviews, I was expecting the food to be inedible, which it wasn't. The food was ok, decent. Nothing amazing, but there was always something to eat. Breakfast was the best meal of the day. Lunch was served in either the main dining area or by the pool. I recommend going to the main room because there was a better selection. There were no problems making reservations for the specialty restaurants. I recommend heading there a few minutes before 10 am so you won't have to be at the end of the line. We ate the the steakhouse (it was ok, my least favorite of the ones we ate at), the Japanese (pretty decent- the sushi looked a little suspicous so I didn't eat it), and the Gourmet twice (this was pretty good). The food is definitely geared toward Europeans, and there were plenty of them there. Entertainment: There was a show each night, and it was ok. Karaoke night was really funny- lots of Americans participated and it was a good time. There's also a live band playing in the courtyard which was nice. Walked down to Carribean Street one night, and there was some dancing going on, nothing special...and it was extremely hot there so we didn't go back. ** My only complaint is that besides the places to eat, there is no tother food available. We got really hungry between lunch and dinner, and after dinner. Last summer I stayed at the Iberostar in Riveriera Maya, Mexico and it was 24-hour room service. The Riu definitely needs something like that. The staff overall don't speak great English, but we both speak a little Spanish so we were fine. I would suggest brushing up on some Spanish before you go.Excursions: We did the Bavaro Splash, where you can drive speedboats and do some snorkeling. It was a good time. Saw tons of fish. We also went on the full-day Saona Island tour. It's a long day, but the catermaran trip alone is worth it. Saona Island is really nice, the water was full of coral so you can't really swim, and it was so hot there that you'll want to sit in the shade. The next part of the trip is a speedboat ride to a sandbar to swim with the starfish. We were told not to dive because the water was only waist-deep. Someone didn't listen and dove in- ended up hitting his head and floating and no one noticed for a few minutes. By the time we got the man out of the water, he wasn't breathing but thankfully there were nurses aboard and gave him CPR, until he came-to. From there, we all booked it in the speedboat to the nearest hotel (which was about a 15-minute drive) so the man could be brought to the hospital. He possibly suffered a stroke due to his head trauma, and it was a really scary incident. We had to drive to the hospital in our big tour bust to drop off the other family members....it was a really long day, but everything before that incident was a great time.This was our first trip to Punta Cana, and I would go back at some point. However, I don't think I'd stay at the Riu because there isn't food available between meals/after meals. Other than that, it was a really great time, so don't let the negative reviews scare you- go relax and have fun!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>floridagirltravels
<Content>Mixed Review Let me start off by saying that Punta Cana and the new Riu Palace are absolutely beautiful. This was my first stay at an all-inclusive and my first trip to Punta Cana. We really loved the resort. Our favorite thing was the swim-up bar. I also really enjoyed being able to visit the other Riu鈥檚 and going to Caribbean St. (In between Riu Palace Macao and Riu Naibo). Great little place to shop for tourist items.The hotel staff was great. Everyone was so nice and friendly. They really went out of their way to make sure you had a pleasant stay.If I were to find a complaint which is really hard to do with this resort is that after the first few days we were tired of the food on the lunch buffet. It seemed to be the same old stuff. They definitely need more lunch choices. Dinner was great. Our trip was short because we missed our flight (never using Spirit Airlines again).We only ate at two of the ala-carts, Sir Oscars and the Japanese, and two times at Don Manuel (the main buffet). Dinner was great at all places, but especially the ala-carts. I didn鈥檛 do any excursions because of the shortened trip but my boyfriend tried twice to go to deep sea fishing. The first time it rained and the second time he tried the excursion didn鈥檛 pick him up. All this being said, I really liked the resort but don鈥檛 think I would go back. Mainly because of the food at lunchtime (I鈥檓 really picky when it comes to food). Oh and the fact that no matter how much I drank (liquor-wise), I couldn鈥檛 seem to for lack of better word, get drunk or even tipsy. My boyfriend and I are light-weights when it comes to drinking and here in the states we are really good after only two or three. After 3 or 4 there, I felt no difference. Having never stayed in Punta Cana or an all-inclusive, this just might be the norm, but I am willing to take my chances at another resort and/or another destination.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lovetimeoff
<Content>very pretty hotel, geared for Europeans A girl trip two of us in mid 40's, we are accustomed to almost anything living in NY suburbs. so I want to give an honest review: we really did like the hotel, rooms were cleaned daily, in room fridge w/soda (pepsi, diet and 7-up stocked daily) spotless super clean, of course the hotel is brand new.  The food was good, different, we observed that the hotel guests were mainly from spain, thus the food was what you would be served in spain, Shrimp with heads, lots of pork, great green olives, terrible deserts all flan type. Yuck. (except for the donuts in the morning buffet they were great) A few mornings I had room serivce bring up coffee and fresh breads. that was good! the coffee was really good and it was everywhere. You did need to make reservations for the restaurants but it never took more than 10 min wait. One Good thing is we did not get sick. There was some top shelf liquor. Stoley vodka, beefeater gin etc. Oh yeah if you wanted something to eat after the buffet closed at night forget it., all they had was this ransacked sports bar with a glass door fridge with some sorry 1 slice ham sandwiches pasted with ketchup? and mystery meat burgers,with a do it yourself microwave (not worth the risk).One thing that really shocked me was the smoking, I would refer to it as a smoke fest. The spanish guests were big on smoking and were very rude to boot. In fact my friend who was born in spain told me not to let any one know she was spanish because of the behaivor of these europeans. Culture shock! I had no idea that Europeans were such rude people. Never seen any of them tip either! You would be eating dinner and they sit next to you blowing smoke in your face. Also not a hotel for Kids, nothing for them to do, and if you do bring them FYI the floors are super slippery when wet, I witnessed quite a few falls, kids like to run beware they could really get injured.So if you can deal with nasty bad mannered guests, an the fact that the hotel closes down at midnight, and has the same entertainment nightly ....the beach was beautiful and the pool was ok this may be the hotel for you. I do not think I would return to PC, too risky with the water situation, Cancun is much nicer.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>babygurl4u_29
<Content>Paradise at Riu Just would like to start off by saying that if you booked this resort and will be going in the future, you definitely chose the right place.I just returned from a one week stay at the riu palace Punta Cana from august 26 2006 to September 2 2006. I went with a group of 9 people ranging from 2 years old to 45 years old and everyone had a great time. We booked to stay at the Bambu but two days before our departure we were told that they were doing renovations so they had to UPGRADE us to the Riu Palace Punta Cana. We were definitely excited as we knew we were being sent to a better hotel.DRIVE: The drive was about 30 minutes from the Punta Cana airport. We were with sunquest so as soon as we got off the plane we were directed to a large bus that took us straight to the hotel. (If this is your first time going to Dominican, don't let the drive to the resort scare you away. The view on the drive to the resort is definitely not nice. It is a third world country and therefore is very poor, yet as soon as you pass the gates into the riu, it is PARADISE.)CHECK-IN: As soon as I entered the palace, it was like nothing I had ever seen before in Dominican Republic. It definitely is a palace with big chandeliers and beautiful scenery everywhere. From the lobby there is a big stair case which brings you right down to the court yard. Upon seeing the lobby, I was already satisfied. Check-in happened very quickly. We were welcomed with drinks and sent up to our rooms right away. (There are bell boys at the hotel that will try to wait by your luggage鈥檚 to bring them up, but even though tips are included, they usually expect a tip so we carry them ourselves.)ROOMS: The rooms are very clean and beautiful. The mini-bars filled with water, pop and alcoholic beverages are given. (Replenished daily by the maids) Every room at the palace is a suite and therefore it has one side with the bed and then a couple steps going down with the couch and television. The room had a swan with flowers on our bench which was beautiful. It was definitely the cleanest room I had ever been in. No bugs or dirt at all. From the shower to the beds to the sinks, everything was nice. We did not have a courtyard/pool/ocean view room. We were placed on the outside of the palace, yet we still had nice scenery of the palm trees. We also had a view of the riu bamboo rooms from our balcony. The only con about the room would be that the mattress is a little bit too hard. Also, I would suggest that you throw away the flowers given on your swn. Although they are pretty, they may create insects after a while. Another wonderful thing is that when you leave the room, it is not a normal hallway. It is another balcony type with palm trees in the middle.GROUNDS: The grounds were lovely. Every piece of land on that resort was well maintained. There are workers grooming the place 24/7. Even the walkway from the courtyard to the beach was kept so clean. The courtyard has fountains and palm trees everywhere. It also has a large area with tables just to relax. In the courtyard, there is a band playing every night and people are able to dance. Also when you are seated at the courtyard at night time, orders are taken and drinks are constantly served to you. BEACH: The beach at riu palace is crystal clear blue water and definitely paradise. It has white sand and a shipwreck right in the front of the resort. In order to get this clear water, you must stay to the south side of Dominican such as here in punta cana or la romana. (Do not go to Puerta Plata if you are expecting Caribbean blue water). Cons: The water here is a little bit wavy, therefore it is not that good for snorkeling and the waves sometimes take away from the clearness of the water. Yet, with the waves, it is still paradise. Also, there are palm trees everywhere for shade. *Never a problem finding a beach chair in the morning. I was down at the beach by 9am and there were always many available.**Beautiful cabana on the beach to get married at**POOL: The pool is like every other. It is just what you need. There is a pool bar, lounger chairs in the water, seats and tables for your drinks located in the water (pretty unique and convenient) The water is about four feet deep all around. There is also another circular pool just meant for relaxation with chairs along the outside. That is a quieter and much more relaxing pool. The pool was cleaned every morning. It was maintained okay but obviously never in absolute perfect condition. It was clean enough though. There were a few bees floating on top of the pool by the end of every day, yet that can鈥檛 be controlled. The pool was always kept pretty warm.Also there was never a problem finding a chair by the pool. Half of them were always empty and the resort was pretty full at the time I went so there is definitely enough chairs for the amount of guests. ENTERTAINMENT: Always games during the day, aerobics in the pool, dancing lessons, volleyball on the beach etc鈥?br/>At night the band in the courtyard is pretty good and there are shows put on every night. They do get a little bit repetitive as the whole week I was there they were all tropical types of dancing shows, but they are fun to watch. Apparently they were doing a karaoke show the night I left so that should have got the audience involved. Butin terms of the week I was there, there weren鈥檛 any shows where the audience could participate. The people who put on the shows definitely worked hard to put on a wonderful performance. The animacion team is great. The always want to get everyone involved in the games daily.SERVICE: WOW!..I rate the service at this resort a 10 out of 10. I definitely was treated as if I were royal the entire week. All the staff are there to satisfy your every need. Obviously there is the language barrier as they speak Spanish, but some know English and try their best to understand you. From the waiters to the bartenders to the cleaners, reception desk, etc. they try to make you have a pleasant stay.I was also surprised in how the servers would come around to the pool and deliver drinks all day. I know this is done at other resorts, but not nearly as much as the riu palace. EXCURSIONS: Parasailing $85us for 2 people and that鈥檚 consists of 10 minutes in the air. FOOD: Food is pretty good. So many people go to these resorts with extremely high expectations and complain about the food, yet the food is good. The buffet is a little bit repetitive therefore I would break it up and add in some a la carte restaurants. The restaurants I tried consist of the following. ---The Italian restaurant was very good. Japanese was even better. The Brazilian restaurant, La Bodega, was Okay. They served every kind of meat, so if you like meat, I would recommend this restaurant. Reservations for these restaurants are either at 6:30 and 8:30/9:00 The snack bar was located in the sports bar. It was not too good. They basically have hot dogs and hamburgers in the fridge which you could warm up in the microwave. That was the only bad part about the food. Yet, it did not really bug any of us as the buffet was open pretty late so we just went there if we were hungry. Also, there is a pizzeria which opens at 12am located at Caribbean Street.SHOPPING: There is the Caribbean street for shopping which is like a 10 to 15 minute walk past the riu bambu and the riu palace Macao. A walk way will take you through all these resorts and then end at Caribbean Street. Caribbean street is okay, yet not really worth walking that far as there are some stores located right next to the pool at riu palace punta cana that consist mostly of the same items.In terms of the vendors that you could bargain with, some come to the resort in the courtyard and set up little booths at night time. This occurred twice in the week I was there. Also, if you are up for a long walk on the beach, you can take a 30-45 minutes walk to the right side of the resort. You must pass all of the rius and then also pass the iberostar resort. After this, there are a whole bunch of vendors with jewelry etc. and you can bargain with them a great deal. (It is a pretty far walk though, especially in the sand and the heat)CHECK-OUT: Check out was at 12pm and our bus was not coming to pick us up until 5:30 pm, so they made us keep a couple rooms in order for us to keep our luggage and freshen up before we leave. (No Extra charge and no hassle at all)OVERALL: I have been to the Dominican Republic 5 times now and this is definitely the nicest place I have been too. Nothing can compare to the rooms, the service, the cleanliness, the food, the beach and the pool. You definitely feel like you are in paradise at this place. If you have any other questions, you can email me at babygurl4u_29@hotmail.com  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thebatt
<Content>Wonderful Holiday We visited the new Palace in Punta Cana the week of Aug 19-26/2006. I had read many reviews about this hotel, and must say they were very mixed, so we went with concerns. Such as, the food was horrible and unless you were willing to tip you were going to receive awful service from the bar as well as the restaurants. I have to say my girlfriend and I were pleasantly surprised that none of that is true. There was very little tipping for the bar or restaurants, most of the tipping happened when one of the staff climbed a palm tree to retrieve a coconut, and the cost was 1$ american. We were told we could stay at one and eat and play at 5. This isnt exactly true. You can play and eat and drink at all but not at the other Palace. The food is very good, even though there was food items that we personnally didn't eat, we never came away hungry. To make reservations for the a la carte restaurants make sure you get in the line up before 9:30 a.m., as seating is very limited. I will tell you one thing the staff are very eager to please, they are so friendly , I didnt want to leave, as they all said they would miss us more than we will miss them. Would we return? The answer is a definate yes, the only property that I would stay at would be the new Palace. It will be magnificent once the palm trees grow and the growing pains are over. They are doing very well for being open just a short 4 months. Do yourself a favour and book yourself a bit of paradise.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>here2help
<Content>Relaxing Vacation Previous reviews have covered most of the topics so I will try to avoid repetition. Check in was fast, I asked for two rooms near each other and close to the beach and got exactly what I asked for. I found the front desk to be fluent in English and also fast response to any requests when called. Do check the drink bottles in the room refrigerator upon arrival as there may be some opened ones left from the previous occupant.Food: We have stayed at countless all inclusive's, the food here was better than average, not great, but something for everybody at the buffets. There was a line each morning for making restaurant reservations but we just strolled in before 1pm and got the steakhouse one night and the gourmet another, no waiting in line. We all felt the buffet was just as good or better than the restaurants. We were all very careful to not eat uncooked vegetables and unpeeled fruit etc. and for the most part we did very well with only minor stomach upsets. Cappuccino machines at the bars and buffet! Our friends had room service a couple of mornings for coffee and fruit. The bars provided us with bottles of Wine, Champagne, tonic, extra limes or whatever we wanted to take back to our room or to sit poolside at night.Water: A gallon of bottled water was delivered daily to the room, the ice machines were safe with treated water as was the water from the soda machine dispensers. I brought a drink bottle and just filled it at the beach bar or buffet as needed, so lack of bottled water was no issue for me. Service: About the best we have ever had. We all were met with many smiles and Hola. The staff went out of their way to play with the toddler. Most all the staff spoke some English, but there were times where my limited Spanish ability came in handy. Our small tips here and there and gifts of crayons and pencils and such for their children where very much appreciated.Entertainment: The animation team sure do give it their all, but they are not professionals. I don't know why the Michael Jackson show got a good rating, I thought the skill of the dance moves in the Grease show were much more entertaining. Those were the only two shows we saw and they were in English.Gym/Spa: Just okay. No free weights in the Gym. The Jacuzzis were cool water and had no jets. I had two wonderful massages by Favia.On a side note, there are mostly non English speaking guests, so if you speak only English and prefer to meet people on vacation you might be lonely here. And those Europeans don't seem to wait their turn in the buffet line either, so get ready to have someone cut right ahead of you. All the languages got by very well on the volleyball court!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Niliz
<Content>Had a Great Trip! The hotel grounds are beautiful and spotless. Just what one would expect at a brand new hotel-lots of marble and crystal chandeliers. This is by far the nicest Riu in Punta Cana. We took a walk to the Macao (I thought it looked run down and doesn't hold a candle to the new Palace and the Bamboo looks even worse.) We had a beautiful room facing inside the courtyard with a view of the pool and the ocean. In my opinion it is definitely worth the $100 for the room upgrade. The food is average but you can definitely find things you will like. This is an all inclusive, and the food is fine, but if you are expecting gourmet food, then you will be disappointed. There are not many all inclusives anywhere with really great food. The Riu is a european hotel chain so they really cater to their european clientele and Americans are in the minority. A lot of Germans, French, Spanish, and many topless women both at the beach and at the pool. They advise you to not drink the water (even though the hotel water is purified) but they do provide you with a gallon of purified water in your room fridge. Contrary to another poster here, all one had to do was leave a note for the maid and a new, fresh bottle of water was restocked whenever one asked for it. (I got a new bottle every day) You don't need to go to the store to buy anything here. Also, one does need to wait in line for the gourmet restaurants and this is at 10 AM, not 8:30 as another poster complained about. You should get in line around 9:30 and you really don't wait for more than 20 minutes or so. I did this 3 times and met some very nice hotel guests each morning while waiting in line. But don't expect the food at these restaurants to be any better than in Don Manuel (the buffet restaurant). The atmosphere is lovely and you are served so it makes it a little more special. I can't say enough good things about the staff at the Riu. They work really hard, and always have a smile on their faces. This staff works very long hours - 6 AM to past midnight each and every day. They work for 14 days and live at the hotel in staff quarters, and then they get 3 days off to visit their families. Yes there is a language problem, most don't speak very much english, but they try very hard to understand you. And anyway we are in their country so we should try to speak their language. We didn't have any problems at all but did see some very arrogant Americans who think the world revolves around them. No, they don't have chicken fingers for children (this is a european resort and only American kids eat this) but they do have french fries and at least 3 kinds of pasta each night. My daughter is a very picky eater and found plenty of things to eat. We tipped the staff every day (bring lots of singles) and they really appreciate it. Most of these people only make $150/month and work so very hard. But I didn't see nearly enough people tipping, even in the gourmet restaurants after being waited on hand and foot for over an hour-these people deserve your tips. The drinks are better in the lobby bar than at the pool bar. They wil make you almost anything you want and the frozen drinks are really good. Don't forget to tip your bartenders too! I would definitely recommend this hotel and would go back again. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that Hurricane Eduardo doesn't do much damage-looks like it's headed right to Haiti/Don Rep.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rhal
<Content>Beautiful Riu This new hotel is just beautiful, the lobby and check in area is just breathtaking. One of the most luxurious that I've seen. Service was great at check in, very fast too. We arrived late, so I was surprised.The room was clean as was the entire resort. The first day we were there it rained so I spent the day on the balcony - at one point I spilled my bottle of 7up and cleaned it up with a bathroom towel and the towel was as white as it was before my mess, definitely cleaner than my own house!!! Unbelievable. The room looked like it had never even been slept in before. The safe was missing the lock and the extra blankets for the bed were still in plastic. The same night we checked in they were able to fix our safe, within 10 minutes which was great. My one and only complaint was the 24 hour portion of the All Inclusive was lacking...sure you could get drinks anywhere, but as I said we checked in about 9pm and the only food they had for us was some hot dog and hamburgers in a fridge waiting to be microwaved or burnt popcorn. Other than that one complaint everything else was great.I've done All Inclusive hotel's before and I don't expect much when it comes to food, but let me tell you other than the micro-dogs and burgers the food was great. They had 5 reservation only restaurants and 1 dinner buffet and 2 options for lunch buffets. In fact the large buffet even had lobster one night and a turkey dinner another- never seen that before! (and it was good) Of the 5 reservations only restaurants we were able to try the 3 that interested us, ( and you have to be there right at 10am to make your reservation!). We tried the Brazilian (don't go if you don't like meat!) but it was great..., the Italian (best cheesy lasagna ever!), and the Steakhouse (wonderful !) - and like I said the buffet was even a cut above the rest - the meats were moist and you could cut them with a butter knife. And the choices for dessert - yummy every night! Fresh fruit was readily available like most Caribbean hotels.The beach was large and spacious, plenty of beach chairs and lots of shade for those that don't want to cook in the sun. The other Riu properties are a short walk up the beach, if you want to check out Caribbean street or the Casino at the Riu Palace Macao. Pool area was very nice, no real kiddy section in the pool, could be a downer, but your on vacation relax! There was a spa on property, but didn't use it, I couldn't have been more relaxed didn't need a massage.Punta Cana is definitely a kick back and relax type of place, not too many tours available, but Apple Vacations does an awesome job filling you in on what to do and be careful of and what to expect in general during your stay. They were readily available if you ever needed them. My travel agent was great because we knew exactly what to expect even before we got there, we always book thru a travel agent and recommend everyone to do the same...they know what's happening.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>klb0521
<Content>Not what I was expecting My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace from 8/17-8/23. The entrance to the hotel makes it seem as if you are arriving to a palace. It was very nice!The hotel lobby was enclosed and air conditioned, which was very nice. I have never been to a resort in the DR or Mexico where the lobby was air conditioned. Considering the weather was very hot outside, this was a very welcomed treat. No welcome drink was offered, but the lobby bar was near. The check-in staff was very helpful. Considering this is a new hotel, I do not like the fact that you actually receive keys to your room. I asked for a second key for my husband, and received it because I didn't want to be restricted to just one key for two adults. Also, having a key for the safe is insane. I would much rather have a safe with a code. Now you have people trying to be responsible for a key to the room and safe. Who thought of that idea?? Room: The room was nice. Air conditioner worked well and I am glad it did since the weather was hot and very humid!! Had a hard time receiving face towels even though the hotel had them. Even when we asked the maid for some they never returned with them. Only after we called down to the front desk, did someone return with them. It was only during the last two days of our trip that a new maid, Minerva, supplied everything we needed, even the face towels without having to ask. Minerva was the best!The liquor dispenser was a nice touch and our room was stocked everyday. Food: The food was not spectacular, but you could find something to eat everyday. The buffet had the same staples: fish, beef and chicken everyday. There were always some decent sides to go along with the meat. My husband and I thought it was strange for the men to wear long pants to a buffet, but it was strictly enforced. I had never been to a resort where the men had to wear long pants to a buffet. I can expect it at the speciality restaurants, but the buffet?? I only went to one speciality restaurant, The Gourmet, and it was just okay. The dinner reservation system was odd. You had to make reservations the day you wanted to eat at a speciality restaurant and you could not make a reservation in advance for another day. That was quite annoying. Staff: The staff was quite helpful and many spoke English, so communicating was never an issue. The staff always spoke to you and they were friendly. I did tip a few times while at the bar, but not many people did. I figure if you receive good service, then it is fine to tip if you choose to. The choice is yours. Beach: The beach was nice and you could always find somewhere to lay out. There was a nice breeze at the beach, so that was the place to be. My husband and I did parasailing at the beach and it was nice. If you wanted other activities like crafts, you had to go to the other Riu hotels for that. They seemed to have a lot more activities at the other Riu hotels. Pool: The pool was smaller than I expected. It was never crowded, so I guess it was not an issue. Entertainment: The nightly shows were good. They did not have the Michael Jackson performer the week I was there, so I was just a bit disappointed. Otherwise, I thought the shows were entertaining. Nightlife: Everything shut down at the Riu at midnight. I thought that was quite strange. If you wanted any action, you had to go over to the other Riu's. They seemed to be more lively and have more activities. The only thing open past midnight at the Palace was the sports bar. I thought I was at a retirement home. Overall, I thought the Riu was a nice place to visit, but there was not much about it to make me want to go back there. I would go back to the Dominican Republic, but I would try another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hdelong
<Content>Beautiful, restaurants need help! Resort was beautiful! However, when requesting a king size bed be prepared to fall down the middle of the split of 2 doubles! Place is clean and most people working there are friendly. The restaurants...ANOTHER STORY! If you would like to eat there at aany other restaurant besides the buffet....You have to wait in line starting at 8:30AM! They start taking reservations at 10AM inside one of the restaurants. If you are not in line early you will be stuck eating at the steak house which is not worth your time by any means.So, if you are there for a short stay such as ourselves only traveling for 4 days...That is a major waste of your time. Myself and others could not believe that this was the way things were handled for a supposed 5 star resort. And to comment on one of the previous postings...There is only a gallon of water in your room. No bottled water in this resort or any of the connecting. You would have to purchase them in the adjoining shops. Entertainment - There really isn't any. There is a stage where they put on shows at night that are pretty weak. If you are looking to go and relax and have one on one time. This is a great place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	2	1	

<Author>susieque
<Content>Truly a Palace My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from August 13-20 and had a fantastic time.RECEPTION-We were directed to sit in the lounge right off of the main lobby. The gentleman that checked us in explained everything to us about the restaurants, safe key, towel keys etc.ROOM-We booked a standard junior suite and requested a high floor. We were given a standard junior suite on the third floor (top) with a view of the Riu Bambu next door. There are so many palm trees that we didn't see very much of the Bambu at all. If you would prefer a courtyard view of the fountains and pools in the center of the resort you will need to book a superior junior suite.The rooms are beautifully decorated and very, very clean. Our maid did a wonderful job everyday.One thing that we found a little strange is that the bed is huge, but it is actually two queen size beds pushed together so that there is a small gap between the beds that tends to get larger if you move around on the bed very much. Not really a problem but you cannot lay in the middle of the bed. Also, it is made up as two seperate beds. So if you request a king size bed this is what you will get.Minibar was kept stocked daily. The gentleman that restocks it even asked if we would like to have a bottle of champagne or wine. The fridge was stocked with 1 gallon of water, 2 Pepsi's, 2 diet Pepsi's, 1 orange soda, 2 club soda's, 1 tonic water and 4 Brahm beers.GROUNDS-Beautiful. The resort grounds will only become more beautiful as all the plants grow larger. Everything at the resort flows to the central courtyard. BEACH-Too many palm trees to count. Always loungers available.POOLS-Always loungers available. Swim up bar and tables are fun. Pavement is very, very hot. Always wear sandals.RESTAURANTS-We mainly ate at the buffet restaurant. We did try La Bodega (Brazilian) one evening and it was very good. Lunch is served buffet style at Don Manuel or at the restaurant that is near the beach. Pretty standard food items. The jalapeno pizza is very good. Large selection at all the buffet's for breakfast, lunch or dinner. No lobster for dinner but shrimp and fish were plentiful. Service was very good. We never had to wait to have glasses refilled and we were always asked if we would like to keep the whole bottle of soda at our table. Wine was offered every night at dinner or you could have champagne if you preferred. One night I was eating shrimp that I had to peel and the server was nice enough to bring me a small bowl filled with warm water and a lemon slice to clean my fingers.TOURS-We took the La Romana and Altos De Chavon tour. It was a long day but well worth it. In La Romana we visited the Caves of Wonder and it was beautiful. The guide did a very good job of speaking English and answering questions. The tour also included lunch on a riverboat that cruised a short distance on the Chavon River. Altos De Chavon is a small, quaint Italian village overlooking the Chavon River. Although it was built in the 1990's it is an exact replica of an old Italian village. There are a few shops and a few restaurants in this village.STAFF-Every member of the staff at this resort that we came into contact with treated us very well. We were always greeted with a good morning, good evening or hola. There is a bit of a language barrier, however they work much harder at speaking English than we do at speaking Spanish. We still did not have any problem communicating and had some very nice chats with several staff members.We used Apple Vacations for this trip. I would highly recommend attending the orientation. This is very informative and answers alot of questions. Shakira and Christina are very knowledgable in regard to the resort and the available tours as well as the do's and don'ts of the area.FELLOW GUESTS-I would estimate that the resort had about 50% American and 50% other guests. This was very nice being as last year we stayed at the Palladium and it was only about 5% American. It is nice to be able to speak to other guests. We did visit the other Riu's in the complex but always came right back to the Palace Punta Cana. There is really no comparison.My husband and I travel a bit. We have stayed in over 15 resorts in the Caribbean and I would rank this resort in the top 3.I hope anyone thinking of choosing this resort will go and have as wonderful a time as my husband and I did.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susansavin
<Content>Beautiful but disappointing Walking in to lobby upon check in my expectations were immediately raised. The decor from the wrought iron to the paintings is exquisite. I am sorry to say the service and amenities were not so. When we checked in their were no towels in our room. Diet Pepsi was rationed like dom perignon to the point of being served in the restaurant over a linen napkin and then put back in a carafe of ice. You were not allowed a whole bottle. And only 2 a day in the room. There was no bottled water on the resort only a gallon jug in the fridge to pour in to a glass. The waiters were at times rude and acted like you were an imposition. The ala carte restaurants were average to poor. The steakhouse was awful. Buffet was not that great either. Beach was gorgeous as was the pool. I like the seating areas with tables inside the pool. Slot machines off the sports bar were a nice touch. Supposedly there was room service but there was no menu in the room and no buttons on the phone. Our clock was broke and not replaced it flashed all night. Turn down service was amusing they left us halls cough drops on our pillows. Not a bad place just don't expect luxury treatment to go along with decor  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	5	3	1	5	

<Author>kathann
<Content>Great vacation spot       Fountains  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>lewismaudlin
<Content>Hold'em Poker Great, service was lacking We just got back. The hotel and grounds were beautiful. The service was not as friendly as at other hotels. The beach was beautiful. In other areas of Punta Cana the beach has a lot more coral and a lot more seaweed. This means, sharp rocks and twigs all over the beach. At the RIU Palace, Punta Cana, the sand was very soft and wonderful.One of the more interesting parts of the trip was the TEXAS HOLD'EM game at the RIU Palace Macao. It was a $5 sb and $5 bb, $100 buy-in no limit hold'em game. The house cut was 5%. It was easy an easy game. Even the locals were not very experienced. I easily payed for my entire trip for my wife and I with just a few hours of cards. If you go, Carlos will be there playing. He pushes every hand. Tell him Luis sent you. Everything else in the casino has horrible odds. The slots don't hit much. The blackjack was suspect. A trick used at other casinos is removing some of the face cards and replacing them with 4's and 5's giving the house even more of an edge. Don't get me wrong. It is possible to win, but you get better odds where gaming is regulated. The Saona Island trip was worth the $90/person. It was a very pretty island and a nice trip. I was worried about getting seasick, but it wasn't an issue.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>William&Fiona
<Content>5 Star?, I don't think so... We travelled to the Riu Palace Punta Cana from 31/07-14/08.Wev'e stayed with the Riu chain b4 in Cancun twice, infact we even married there last year so we thought this would be up to the same standard. (FUR COAT AND NO PANTIES IS ALL WE CAN SAY).Initially we had a 5 hour delay from the UK aswell as lost luggage which we did not appreciate. Upon entering our room 3056 we noticed there was no marvellous view which the hotel boasted. After approaching the supervisor at reception we were advised to see him the next day. On the following day the same supervisor advised us he meant the following day?? Anyway as other people point out their English is awful and this made any situation awkward. The day after we were moved after much persistance to room 3108 which had fantastic views over the courtyard and not a bad sea view.FOOD- There is no way the food was of 5* standard, it was often barely warm or fresh. We also found that none of the staff wore protective gloves when handling food. We caught one chef touching raw meat then cooked meat without washing his hands, this got us wondering if these people handling our 5* food had even attended catering college or even a basic food hygeine course? I think not.......After 4 days of this slop my husband lay in bed with 4 covers and a fleece, freezing. We called the resort Doctor twice before he actuallly turned up. After muttering alot in Spanish he suggested Pepto Bismol  Antibiotics, but wouldn't tell us the problem?(May I also add that the recommended tabs were the most expensive ones which had to come from Switzerland- well apparently! So the girl in the pharmacy told us but then added that we could purchase other ones for a fraction of the cost, which we did and they helped.)The gourmet restaurants were a slight improvement but the whole sickness that we both experienced left me on hunger strike! I resorted to several packets of potato chips at meal times or a fairly safe option (chips with ketchup)ROOM- Not bad but does a hydro massage bath and 2 seater sofa make it a palace????SERVICE- Poor, bar staff tended to dance around singing or fooling around whilst the worst service came from the reception  managers. Whatever you do, don't ask reception to change US Travellers cheques for US$ (NOT POSSIBLE).BEACH- Ok but Cancun was better, no fish to be seen and the swimming area is tiny infact my husband, a keen angler back home never caught a thing on his rod which we got when our missing case was delivered, 4 days late. He also went on the 1/2 day fishing excursion which due to his food poisoning left him vomitting overboard whilst the other members of the party caught nothing.ENTERTAINMENT- V. poor to the point we were in bed at 10pm most nights.All I have 2 say is reconsider your booking, we r not being picky as from day 1 it was stinking. They may have grande decor, furniture and fountains but thats all folks, sorry :-(  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>damonAmy
<Content>Facts!! My wife and I stayed from 8/7/6-8/12/6. This was our 1st visits to the DR, 2nd visit to a RIU Palace, and our 7th Caribbean vacation. The trip price was very reasonable. We paid a total of $1816.00 for 6 full days (we arrived early at 9:00am and departed at 8:00pm). Taxi was $28 each way which was a bargain and we did not have to take a packed charter bus with 10 stops before reaching the resort. The beach is one of the best I have seen and experienced. I would say equal to Aruba, especially when speaking of the winds, which results in a more relaxing and cooler beach. Resort staff: Nice. No problems. Very accommodating.Entertainment: Good. There is a 鈥淒ISCO鈥?at another RIU (walking distance) Weather: Low 80s and low humidityTipping: We did. It is not needed though, and I only saw a handful of people who did tip. Service was good and attentive regardless. Pool: Hot (no breeze) and upbeat with games/activities/music. Pool games improve as the weekend nears.Beach: Quiet, cooler than the pool area due to the winds, and BEAUTIFUL.Food: Just OK鈥?Nothing exciting, but you can always find something good to eat. (The bottom line is that every resort in the DR has just 鈥淥K鈥?food when compared to other Caribbean islands)Guests: approx. 30% German, 30% Spanish, 20% Italian, 10-15% (others), 5% or less USA鈥?Very few to NONE speak English. EVERYONE SPEAKS SPANISH. It actually made the trip fun when trying to communicate, after a while everyone understands. The RIU staff at times is hard to communicate with, but we always got what we wanted or needed. Water and illness: No Problem. No Sickness. We ate and drank everything, except from our room faucet. You get a 1 gallon container of water each day and you can just call the front desk when you need more. We brought smaller empty bottles from home and transferred the water to them so we had smaller bottles of water to drink from.Airport: Hot..Hot..Hot...Make sure you wear very cool clothing when departing. Long lines and a lot of sweating. Visit the other 5 RIU, they are all within walking distance. The price was right. Cheaper than a week down the Jersey Shore. However, when the $99 per night price adjusts to near $300 per night, I would think twice and explore other options or even another Island.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>mtralies
<Content>Fair and honest review       Great Balcony View!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>snoebel
<Content>beautiful and relax stayed from 28june till13july. check in very relax with fruit punch. stayed in room311. 4floor above the theathre. no noise at night very quiet. room nice clean very hughe bed. stocked frighe towel art and little gifed. bathr. brand new marble, floor and dubble sink, and a beautiful jacuzzi that worked perfect, teras with beautiful view overlooking the country jard and pools and ocean. beds litlle firm but went every morning befor brakfast for a walk at the beach and a qick swim in the pool. breakfast super. sit everymorning with my husband outside on the teras and thomsour very lovely and atend waiter brought us direcktly a cappuncino and a glass off mimosa. tiped him every day and gave him a big tip on our last day. thomas and mostly all the waiters worked very hard. for breakfast all kinds off bread, sweets, and eggstadion fresch donuts, waffles. all kind off cold meats, cheeses. saleds. roastedmeets . salmon, fresh fruits, all kinds off fresh juises dellisious to much to remember. for lunch you have the rest. be the see it is medicore. the main rest don mannolo is much better perfect filletsteak for lunch. and all kinds off salads. dinner 3 themenights mexican, the set up some beatiful dressed tables in mexicanstyl and give evrybody a nice coctail. same for the carribeannight with excellent lobsters, and the galanighton thursdays you must go excel. food. for the japaneesrest you need reservation . you can make them from 10 till 1 oclock outside the italianres. very qick. the jappan. rest. very good , good sushi ,the salmon is very good ,and the cheziuanshrimp is very good . the beef is medicore. staff is very good. for the brazilianrest also good a lot off meat but we like meat. staff is good. for the itallianrest for us it medicore but my husband is itialian and we vised itally a lot. for the gourmentrest its perfect very good staff by entering a glass of champagne and very good food nice fisch and fillet ate there 4 times. band played outside allmost everynight. everybody was dancing and having a good time. for the kids we dont know. we have no kids. the pianobar in the lobby very nice . sad there everyevening ,drink some champagne before dinner. the swimmingpool to small for so many people to crouwded. but we are beachpeople ,and the beach is perfect. long streched beach with withedsand and a blu ocean with hundrets off palmthrees. waiters where serving drinks on the beach all day long. tip theme, thy are doining a gread job. the spa is wonderfull went everyday around 3oclockin the afternoon for the jacuzzi its very nice there are 2 jacuzzis one is hot one is cold, very relaxing no body is ther in the jac. amazing. a hall spa to your selfe.you dont have to pay for the spa. only the treatments. gym is also free off costs. very busy everyday. so this was a beatifull vacation . on the last day we stayed in our room till 4 oclock because off our fllight and we didnt have to pay excstra money for our room a nice touch. we thank the staff , and germain the bellboy who send us nice champagne to our room after itally was worldchampion. my husband was very happy. and to thomas who did a gread jooooob.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sungetter
<Content>Not very happy!!! Before I begin, I should mention that my wife and I travel 2 times per year and enjoy staying at the Grand Oasis and Grand Solymar in Cancun. We also stay at Breezes and Grand Lido in Jamaica. So, our expectations may be slightly high.To Begin: We booked Riu Palace through Apple, and were told it was a higher end resort with excellent amenities and services. (like restaurants, beach service, 24 hour room service, beautiful rooms, etc.)Upon arriving at the Riu palace, we were impressed with the look of the resort. It truly is a beautiful establishment. But that is were it ended.The junior suites are far from that. Two twin beds on rollers pushed together, are not a king size bed. The beds would seperate during the night, and eventually, my wife and I just slept on seperate beds.FOOD/RESTAURANTS: Absolutely HORRIBLE!!! When the buffet is the best food, there is a problem. Each gourmet restaurant was terrible. The food was dry, without taste, and the ingredients were cheap. It was more like COLLEGE CAFETERIA FOOD. My wife and I were both sick from eating the shrimp pasta, and when we said something to the front desk, they completely blew us off. SERVICE: There is no service, it is basically Serve yourself. If you waited for someone to refill your glass, you would die of thirst.LANGUAGE BARRIER: Very, and I mean very few people speak any english. So, if you don't know your basic spanish, buy a translator at Target for 20 bucks!!24 HOUR ROOM SERVICE: Wait, I need to stop laughing before I type this. Ok.....24 hour service, is YOU walking down to the lobby, going into a loud, obnoxious sports bar, going to a glass door fridge like the ones in gas stations, and selecting either a hot dog or hamburg, both of which don't taste like either one, throwing it in a microwave....30 seconds later as you walk back to your room.....you have ROOM SERVICE!!!! this is not a joke.BEACH: The beach was GREAT!! lots of good loung chairs to lay out on. The sand and water are very beautiful.DRINKS: The drinks were pretty good, but if you don't ask for alcohol in them, you won't get any. So, if you are drunk on those pina coladas at the end of the night, make sure there was alcohol in them.OVERALL: I would not stay, or suggest this hotel to anyone. Like I said, I may have expected to much, but when you pay for all inclusive your options are limited by the resort, so the resort should make those options outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	2	3	

<Author>nycTravelGuy
<Content>Great for the Price - Beware Rodents and a not so helpful Customer Service Team Visited Punta Cana for my birthday in May and the hotel is brand new, looks like a palace but we found a very active RAT in our room at 4AM (or it actually found us)... there were droppings on the floor, bathroom sink and it was on the dresser making loud noises that woke us up.We immediately rang the front desk and demanded to be moved and was told that we could come downstairs with our belongings and get another room key. In the morning after about an hour wait - we spoke with the Director of the hotel whose solution was to upgrade us to a suite for the remaining 3 nights at the hotel.When I returned to the US, I contacted the corporate offices of Riu and their response was very matter of fact with no apology or even acceptance of a problem.Yes the hotel is beautiful - BUT so are other hotels in the area... I visit Punta Cana twice a year and will not return to the hotel or any other Riu globally becuase I do not aprreciate a corporation that does not believe in customer recovery especially when you are in the service industry.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>Reddington
<Content>The Magnificent Riu Palace Punta Cana Hello, I Just Got Back From The Riu Palace Punta Cana.Hotel Check In-Went Fast  EasyRooms-Our Junior Suite Was Very Clean  With A Courtyard View.Food-Sir Oscar's***** Stars Luigi's ******Stars Yokohama ***** Stars La Bodega **** StarsMiniclub-Opens 10:30am.-12:30am.then opens again at 12:30pm.-5:30pm. And Then They Have The Mini Disco At 8:00pm. Activities Include Ping-Pong, Volleyball, Excursions,Crazy Games, And Their Is Also A Talent Show One Night.Entertainment-Shows Were Very Good Especially The Cabaret Show I Had A Great Time AT The Riu Palace Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miamimc
<Content>Beware fellow travellers - Please Read BEWARE FELLOW TRAVELLERS - PLEASE READIt's Aug 2 2006 and I'm scheduled to arrive in Punta Cana tomorrow, Aug 3 2006. I placed the travel package through orbitz back on June 12 2006. My wife called the Riu Punta Cana Palace earlier today to confirm the reservation and arrange an upgrade. Guess what? They had no record of our names or a room confirmed. After three customer service associates at Orbitz, and being on a call for well over an hour, I was bridged on the call with Orbitz and Fernando at the hotel. Magically, our names came up and the room is confirmed.I will write again when I return.So before you leave, call RIU reservations and or the hotel directlyto make sure your room is confirmed. Rumors have it thatthe hotel tends to use this tactic to bump arriving hotel guests so they can sell the rooms for $$$Mike C - New York  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Val8
<Content>Great vacation, Riu Palace was just okay My boyfriend and I booked a long weekend at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from July 28 - July 31, 2006. We had a wonderful vacation, we loved Punta Cana. We were enticed by the newness of the property (opened in April 2006) and the low rate of $99 (US) per person per night, all-inclusive, which also includes all taxes and fees. Some things were nice about the hotel, others were not as nice so I am going to detail it in categories. I'll also include information about other aspects of the trip for those who have not been to Punta Cana. Bottom line, up front, you get what you pay for. The resort is okay but not great. Clean but not impressive. The food didn't make us sick but it wasn't spectacular. Many things could use improvement but I do think you'd be hard pressed to find something of equivalent quality for the price. Will we go back? Probably not, unless the rates are ridiculously low compared to other area resorts. These were supposedly promotional rates - if it goes up to $200 per person per night, it is definitely not worth it. I would be willing to pay a little more to get higher service and quality. And note to adults - if you don't want to be around children, you are probably better off going somewhere else such as Secrets. Arrival - Punta Cana Airport:For those who have not been to the Punta Cana Airport, it is an experience. Even if you are flying on a large jet, there are no jetways, you get off the plane and you are escorted along the ground into the terminal. We were among the first off the plane so we were able to zip right through all of the administrative things. People will be waiting to take your picture, which you can then pick up when you depart at the airport. We managed to get through before they were ready. You need to purchase one tourist card per person ($10 US each), which you then hand in at a kiosk 50 feet away. Customs was not a problem, as long as you fill out your form on the plane, we went right through. You will then head to baggage claim (we didn't check any bags) and ground transportation. You will be approached by individuals trying to take your luggage, asking what company you are with. Walk right by them and go to the kiosk for your tranfer company, or if your transfer driver has a sign with your name printed on it, go directly to him. Unless of course you want someone having your luggage who is unaffiliated with your transfer company, who you will have to tip to get your bags back from.Airport Transfers - Arrival:I searched high and low for a luxury airport transfer. I read many Trip Advisor reviews and it appeared that the only way to book a limo or other nice car (or helicopter) was to stay at certain resorts, such as Secrets. I attempted to contact the hotel for assistance prior to my stay but was unsuccessful in obtaining any useful information. I booked through Viator.com, which allows you to prepay for your arrival and departure transfers. I also had to make a change to our reservation, which I did via email and I received a new confirmation within the hour. The local company that provides the transfer is Connect Travel Services. There is a kiosk in the arrival section of the airport that you go to with your prepaid voucher. They give you a bottle of drinkable water and put you on a van. I booked my transfer as a private transfer in an air conditioned vehicle. The van was in good condition and was appropriately air conditioned, however, the driver left us there and attempted to solicit additional business. My protests to this went unanswered since the driver only spoke Spanish and didn't understand me. Since Viator splits the charge of the van among the number of passengers (i.e., one person would pay $37, two people pay a total of $37, and so on), this type of scam would surely net them some additional income. I was patient for all of 5 minutes and then stormed back into the terminal and demanded the private transfer I paid for. The representative was very helpful, talked to the driver and we left the airport immediately. I would definitely use Viator and Connect Travel Services again for my transfers, just make sure you speak up if they try to make you wait for additional passengers when you pay for a private transfer. Since we were traveling alone, we went directly to the hotel, which took approximately 25 - 30 minutes.Hotel Arrival:We arrived at the Riu Palace Punta Cana some time between 1:00 and 1:30. We were not greeted by anyone with tropical drinks, but we were allowed to check in immediately which was nice since stated check in time is 3 pm. We held onto our luggage rather than leaving it for the bellman which seemed safer. Plus we then had immediate access to our luggage so we could get out to the beach, and we didn't have to tip anyone. We both found it unusual that the Riu provides an actual key to the room, rather than key cards which are common at most resorts. There were two of us in the room but we had only one key, which was moderately inconvenient at times.The hotel itself is gorgeous!! The architecture is beautiful...the furniture is all new and complements the architecture. The layout is well thought out and all rooms are close to everything (restaurants, pool, etc).Language Barrier!!!!This deserves its own category, it is very important to note that the majority of hotel staff speak very little to no english. Brush up on your spanish before you go...don't assume that they understand basic words like pillows or towels because they don't!!! My boyfriend spoke enough Spanish to get by but when I was on my own it was like a game of charades trying to depict what I was asking for!!Hotel Room:We were in a regular junior suite. The room was interesting. It was very clean and nicely decorated. Calling it a suite is definitely a stretch, as there are two steps down to the living room which is just where the TV is located, but it was large enough especially since you don't spend a ton of time in your room. If you read other reviews, they are right - the beds are super uncomfortable. The bed was also interesting in that rather than a king bed, there was a king headboard with two double beds pushed together. They weren't even banded together as some hotels will do, they were two separately made up beds simply pushed next to each other. That made for some interesting sleeping. We had read that pillow top mattress pads were available upon request. Well, if they were, no one understood what they were. However, we were able to get the housekeeper to make up the bed with a blanket under the sheet, which did add a little comfort. The bathroom was very clean. We did not experience any problems with electricity or water outages. The water was always hot and we took 2 showers per day (morning and evening). The fridge is stocked with some water, soda and beer and there are liquor dispensers of rum, vodka, gin and whiskey. Definitely drink the bottled water that is provided and use it for brushing your teeth as well. The best part of the room was the balcony, which was large and had two padded lounge chairs and a table, and offered a view of the fountains and of the ocean (if you lean over far enough!!). Important to note about the hotel rooms - there is a lock inside the door, but this does not prevent housekeepers from opening the door. I know, as they entered our room while we were in it - without knocking first. I would recommend keeping your do not disturb sign on your door whenever you do not want someone entering your room. Also I would recommend using the safe for all valuables and keep the key with you at all times. Do not leave any money laying around as they will assume it is a tip and take it.The turn down service we received one night was also unique. Instead of chocolates or mints, we were left with 2 halls mentholyptus cough drops on our pillows. Very unusual!!!Beach/Pool Towels:You will receive one towel card per person when you check in. The towel hut is by the pool. I was very surprised to find that you could only get one towel per person, since other resorts that I have stayed in allow multiple towels, you just need to return the same number that you take out. You are told at check-in that you can refresh your towels as often as you like. Which I guess is true, except they tend to run out of towels in the afternoon. And don't bother trying to retrieve your towel card in the late afternoon/evening. You will be told to keep your towels until the next day, so you then have to drag your nasty wet and sandy towels to your room, and bring them back to get fresh ones the next morning. Not the best system.Pool:It is extremely surprising that there is one pool for a resort this size. They have a smaller eternity pool somewhat attached to the main pool. Basically that became the kid's pool so you can discount it as not existing at all. The pool can be very crowded and gets warm. The drinks at the pool bar, as throughout the resort, are weak. Stick with beer, wine or champagne if you don't want a drink that is mostly soda or juice (at all bars, including during meals). And don't order lemonade even though it's on the menu, or you'll get a glass full of sour mix!! The pool area gets extremely crowded because, contrary to what I read in other reviews, people do claim many chairs and then not use them. There are a sea of empty chairs covered in a towel or a shirt or a book or a pair of flip flops. It is very difficult to get a chair in a prime location. I would recommend going to the beach in the morning and going to the pool after lunch when it is less crowded and you have an easier time finding a seat.Beach: Oh the beach. Now this is the reason that you stay at this resort. The beach is phenomenal. Pure soft white sand, very few rocks along the beach or in the water. There were always lounge chairs available, even if you had to sneak over to the next resort over and drag one back. You can do this because all the Riu resorts are located next to each other, so they share a fairly large strip of beach. There is volleyball and water sports...I believe there is a charge for all water sports as it is operated by an outside company. I am not sure, as the water was too rough for any water sports except for our departure day, so we didn't even look into it. The water can be rough and the waves and undertow are powerful. It was a lot of fun for adults, but definitely keep an eye on your children. If you want a drink at the beach, best to go to the pool bar to get it yourself...someone walks around with drinks, but not very often and only very close to the beach entrance and you have to tip him and then the drink is usually weak and not very good.Hotel Service:Service was mediocre at best. The language barrier contributed to this, definitely, but employees would stand around and talk and make you wait for a while before asking if you needed help (at bars, restaurants, gift shop, front desk). I had tried to call a couple of times before arrival and couldn't get any service. I sent an email to the address noted on the website and it was never answered.Hotel Restaurants/Food:This is my biggest pet peeve category. Let's break this down by meal. Breakfast was good, it was only offered in the buffet (Don Manuels) but had a good selection of hot foods, baked goods, fruits, etc. Food was good quality and very tasty. The continental breakfast from room service that is advertised everywhere is nonexistent so don't get excited about that.Lunch - only one restaurant is open for lunch, it is the grill that is by the pool. This doubles as one of the fancy restaurants for dinner but it is buffet at lunch. I could not believe the way this beach resort operated lunch. You could not enter the restaurant without shoes and a cover up (shirts for men, full cover up for women). You could grab plates and go back out to the beach or pool (well, at least no one stopped me from doing it!!) but there were no poolside or beachfront snacks. Most resorts will have a grill where you can walk up in a bathing suit and get a burger or some nachos. Not here. And while they say they have food until 6 pm, we went in around 5 one day and there was absolutely no food, they didn't even leave the ice cream machine on.Snacks - even worse than the lunch situation is snacks. Everything advertises 24 hour snacks. Well I guess that is technically true. The sports bar is the only thing that is open 24 hours a day. The snacks are housed in two big refrigerator cases. You have your choice of premade (not dated so you have no idea how long they have been there) hot dogs, hamburgers and mystery meat sandwiches. You take your plastic container out of the fridge, use the single community microwave to heat it up and voila, there is your snack. If you're lucky, the condiment packets may have been restocked so that you can use some. I made the fateful mistake of trying a hot dog (out of sheer desperation) and I spit it out. There is also usually a low supply of burnt popcorn next to the microwave. I was extremely disappointed with the snacks. They will, however, sell you Doritos for about $5 a bag in the gift shop. Snacks at the Riu were an absolute joke, I would honestly say that it's more accurate to say there is no (acceptable) food available between the end of dinner and the start of breakfast.Dinner - We ate at the buffet every night. You have to eat there the day you arrive, as the nice restaurants only take reservations in the morning, so they are full by the time you get there. And we heard such mixed reviews about the restaurants that we weren't dying to get into them anyway. The buffet was decent, there's enough of a selection that there is something for everyone. The service stinks though, good luck getting a drink without hunting someone down.Hotel Check Out:Check out is at noon and we asked for a late checkout time of 1 or 2 pm since our flight was at 4:15. Both times we asked we were declined with that room is needed and the hotel is completely full. We didn't believe either. So instead of getting permission, we just stayed in the room longer. Good thing about those keys as opposed to key cards is they can't deactivate them!! Ha ha...we stayed until about 1. But then had to run around returning towels to get towel cards and get the safe lock back out of the room. God forbid the hotel offer any service, their expertise appears to be in inconveniencing guests as much as possible. It's funny how they speak english very well though when they're telling you what you need to do...but ask for something and suddenly, no speak english....Airport Transfer - Departure:Again, we used Viator and Connect Travel Services for the transfer back to the airport. You must call 48 hours prior to departure. We didn't have to leave too early, our transfer picked us up at 2 pm. Again, we had the private transfer so we didn't have to drive to 10 hotels picking people up. It took about 20 - 25 minutes to get back to the airport. Our driver was great, professional and courteous. Airport personnel will be eagerly awaiting your transfer to grab your luggage so that you have to tip them. Our driver was nice enough to have locked the back door so that they could not immediately grab the luggage. By the time the driver unlocked it we were standing there and took our luggage ourselves.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>salude
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       View of lobby  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RosaSalerno
<Content>Nice but won't be returning My husband and I just got back from 7 nights at this resort. To give you some context on my review, we have been to Cancun Mexico, Mayan Riviera, Costa Rica, Bahamas and 2 Royal Caribbean cruises to the Caribbean. We have both been to a number of all inclusive hotels, and I will be making some comparisons in my review.Flight - we flew down with Canjet charter airline. There is leg room in this airplane which is a nice change from some other charter flights you can be on. It's 4 1/2 hours direct from Toronto. Arrival - the Punta Cana airport is open-air and is a thatched roof palapa. You can see the poverty and the difference in the standard of living from home. They will take a picture of you as soon as you arrive and you can buy them as you leave the airport. The porters will fight over your bags and try and remove them from you. I understand that they are all trying to make a living and they live through the tips that the tourists give them. If you're not interested in having someone take your bags, hold onto them and keep walking straight. They will yell out the name of your tour company and make it seem as though you must give them your bags. If you're not interested, then ignore them.We were transported to our property in a large air conditioned bus with other travellers going to various resorts. It took about an hour to get from the airport to the resort.Checkin - this was relatively painless. We were given the room keys, information on the resort and other pertinent information. A porter took our luggage to the room and we tipped him $5. Not sure what others normally do. It is supposed to be all inclusive, but the staff do appreciate tips.Room - this is where we had a number of problems/complaints with this resort. The rooms are all beautiful as noted by many other reviewers and are just as nice as the rooms we had in Cancun or Costa Rica. I have not seen anything on the issue of noise in any of the reviews of this property. The rooms are inter-connected through open-air walkways/courtyards. Some of the rooms have open courtyards, others have enclosed open-air walkways. Stay away from those rooms, since there is a load echo that is created by the enclosed walkways. My husband and I were put into room 00036 and couldn't sleep at all the first night we were there. Every sound is amplified and sounds like your neighbours are being rude by being extra loud. We discovered it was the echo created in the hallways. We complained the next day and got moved to another room where noise was no longer an issue. Unfortunately we had problems with the new room as well. The toilet got stopped up and over-flowed twice. It's not fun telling the maid to disinfect the floors from the raw sewage that got spilled on it. The toilets are American Standard but seem to stop up easily. Don't put too much toilet paper in there at once. Flush more than once as you are doing your business. Sorry to be so graphic, but this is what you need to do. The phone didn't work at all and we couldn't place any long distance calls for 2-3 days until they got it fixed for us. The cable was broken on the TV and they had to come 3 times to fix it. Each time, it just kept coming apart. We were without water for 3 hours one afternoon (no explanation from the hotel). On the day of departure, our water inexplicably stopped in the room. Unfortunately I had shampoo in my hair and was in the middle of a shower. Thank God it started up again, since we had 20 minutes left to our airport pickup time.Food - the buffet was adequate, with plenty of choices. I didn't think the food was great and was quite substandard when I compare it to the Riu Paradise Island in the Bahamas or the Paradisus Riviera Cancun. There was a lot of food and variety, but everything had an off taste. I had traveller's diarrhea the entire trip and had to take Pepto Bismol and Immodium the whole time we were there. I was careful about not drinking the tap water and had 1-2 alcoholic beverages per day. I was not over-doing it, and it was either non-potable water contamination or the staff did not handle the food properly in the heat. I'm not sure what it was. My husband had the same problem. I never got sick in any of the other all-inclusives I have stayed at. This issue alone will prevent me from coming back to this resort and likely Punta Cana until they completely purify their water as they do in the Cancun hotel zone. The Mexican government setup separate water treatment facilities for all of their hotels in the Cancun hotel zone to ensure that none of the tourists get sick. The DR should do the same thing or people will go, get sick and never return. We tried all of the a-la-carte restaurants - the best ones were the gourmet and the italian. If you have had good japanese food/sushi, you will not like this japanese place. The food is not authentic and the sushi was sub-standard. The steakhouse steak's are too think and fried (not grilled). The sides were awful. The brazalian was okay - they served a lot of meat and it was just too much for me. One hint - they tell you that they start taking reservations at 10:00 am - it's more like 9:30 since people start lining up early. Get there at 9:30 and you will be able to make a reservation for the italian and the gourmet - otherwise these fill up and you will be stuck with the other choices.Restaurants - just a note to those that may find this information useful. All of the restaurants have air conditioning in them - BUT there is a big BUT here. They keep the doors to the main buffet open at all times, so all of the air conditioned air goes outside and never properly cools the room. I would therefore classify the buffet as open-air. There's no point in air conditioning if you keep the doors open. The other restaurants are air conditioned, but not terribly cool. I make this point, since men cannot wear short-sleeved shirts or short for dinner. This is the first resort I have been to where a beach cover-up was inadequate wear for the beachside/open-air grill. I was asked to leave the Altagracia poolside grill because my beach cover-up only covered up 3/4 of my bottom half. You cannot have a bikini top on without a shirt over top if it. The same thing goes for men. You must have a t-shirt with you. I found all of these rules quite annoying and the staff rude in enforcing the rules.Beach - this is truly beautiful and one of the best beaches I have ever been on. The palm trees are absolutely beautiful and it's truly breathtaking. I loved walking up and down the soft white sand and you can walk in both directions for miles and go from resort to resort and seemingly never run out of gorgeous beach. In my view, this is the highlight of being in Punta Cana.Language Barrier - unfortunately very few of the staff speak English. I do understand some Spanish since I speak Italian and some words sound similar. It was still an issue and when you had a problem (e.g. toilet overflowing, needing a room change), you didn't get what you needed from the staff. I understand that it's a Spanish speaking country but the hotel told me that more than 50% of their guests are from the USA. I found that Mexico has a more developed tourist industry and most of the staff speak English with only some not speaking it (e.g. your maid). Again this can make your stay more enjoyable and less frustrating. Overall - it was a break from work which is always good. Would I go back - NO. I won't go back to a place that made me sick on vacation. For the same price you can stay in downtown Cancun (which has a beautiful beach as well) and not get ill. The resort was also more spread out than I liked. It's a 10 minute walk from the beach to your room. It's too bad, since the beach is so beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kyn2000
<Content>Nicely designed but will not go back Just arrived July 28. We were a party of 5, ranging all ages and here are my experiences.Advice:- Take a long pant with you. You need to wear long pants to eat in all restaurants including the buffet.- Rooms have king or 2 double beds. Please consider this if you have a party of 3.- Riu is not driven by quality but by relative low price for massive tourism and over 80% capacity. Do not expect fine wines or drinks. Most of all-inclusive programs are like that.The good...- Like anywhere you will find good and bad people, but in general they are always smiling and helpful, they appreciate your tip- Beautiful hotel, nice lobby with a/c. It is the best hotel in town from the architectural point of view.- Great rooms with very good air conditioning.- Excellent breakfast.The bad...- Be prepared to make long lines to reserve at the restaurants (everyday 10 am) if you want to eat at 7.30pm. We find out that the restaurants are not a big deal.- Not enough elevators and if you are near the beach on the right side the only one elevator is out of service most of the time.- From 6-8 is very hard to take a shower as the hot water pressure goes down and the shower doesn鈥檛 work.- Water sports. You need to reserve 2 days in advance.- Not enough pool for so many people. The pools get crowded and you will find them very dirty (oily, hairs, band-aid and too warm for me) by the end of the afternoon, specially the larger one.- The night shows are horrible specially the one for kids. They should spend a bit more on the customs. The best shows are when the people are actually acting.- We find out many people with stomach troubles, none knows the cause but we suspect the salads.- We got some rash maybe from the pool.-Room cleaning service staff might open your room at any moment be prepared since there is no lock from inside.- I am not a very good shopper but I can tell you that anything is 4-6 times the prices in the US.- there is no disco at the hotel, there is a disco about half a mile away in another Riu place which is shared between all the hotels. Lots of teenagers and the drinks are not included.- I heard lots of complains about the functioning of the spa, too expensive, too crowded, too many restrictions and so on.After some years visiting DR and we suggest:1)Iberostar Hacienda Dominicus in Bayiahibe (near la Romana)2)Colonial Majestic in Punta Cana3)Riu Palace Punta Cana4)I would not recommend the Barcelo Resorts in Bavaro.I hope this serves to someone out there.We will not come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>arrowhead414
<Content>Amazing facility, amazing staff       Our room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>suzalalove
<Content>absolutely gorgeous I went to the riu palace with 19 people. We were treated like gold.The people can't do enough to make you happy. The food was not the best but everything else makes up for it. We sat on the beach everyday the waiters are constantly bringing drinks and anything else you want. There always activities going on, on the beach and at the pool. At night the shows are nice and there was dancing after. The grounds are lush and sparkling. The rooms are spaciousand cold. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lily18
<Content>Nice but have some complaints... A large group of family members, a party of 15, stayed at the Punta Cana Riu Palace from July 12-17. This is our 3rd family vacation at a Riu property. The 1st was at the Riu Cancun in July/2004--no complaints. The 2nd was at the Riu Palace Mexico in July/2005 which was 3 days after one of last summer's major hurricanes-- no complaints with circumstances considered. This year we chose the Punta Cana Riu Palace. As we found at the other 2 Riu properties--the hotel was spotless and beautiful; the beach was picture perfect. The food was not as good here as it was at the other 2 Riu's, but there was always something that we could find to eat. We missed the salsa and chips! Breakfest was the best meal of all! Our major complaint was the people and the service in Punta Cana. For the most part they were RUDE. The women were much worse than the men. No matter where we were--the people were just plain old RUDE. It was NOT just an isolated incident. They were rude in the airport, in the hotel, in the shops, in the restaurants and ESPECIALLY in the casino which is located within the Riu complex. We knew something was up with the casino the very 1st night we arrived. EVERYONE seemed to be having a BAD night. Eventially, we decided to count cards. Just as we suspected--the decks were shy of 10's and face cards and stacked heavily with Ace's and two's. We counted several complete shoe's of cards and came up with the exact same percentages each time. Not only were they rude in the casino, they were cheaters too. Noone likes CHEATERS. Overall we all had a good time but by the end of 5 nights, we were ready to go home. We had enough of the Punta Cana attitude. We all agreed that we will NEVER return to this island. Maybe Cabo next year.....  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amiller121780
<Content>Awesome time, will return!! Hi everyone,My boyfriend and I got back from the Palace P.C. on July 12th. We arrived July 6th, paid $10 each at the airport, grabed our baggage and a taxi. The taxi's have set rates, so you can't barter with them which is kinda nice bc then you know you aren't being taken advantage of. We had a 30min ride to the Riu and it was nice and cost $28 and we tipped. They are building a highway that will bypass the small towns and get you to the hotel area fast, but I kinda like seeing the local stuff.We stayed 7 days and I could've stayed 7 more! We booked the Bambu thru Expedia but when we arrived at the Bambu the concierge said Andrea, I like your face, are you a student? Ok great, you two are being upgraded to the Palace P.C. I couldn't believe it! The hotel opened in May and I couldn't wait to stay there, because all of the rooms are suites!! A taxi scooted us over to the Palace, everyone spoke excellent English but they appreciated our attempts to speak Spanish.Room: Impeccable!! I felt like a classy US hotel was plopped on the DR beach. Granite bathroom, tub had jets, there was an iron and full size ironing board, hairdryer and all of the outlets were 110V so those of you coming from the US don't need adapters (this is not the case at other resorts in the D.R.). We had a safe that was easy to use, a TV with lots of channels and even some kids channels in English. Our bed was firm, but it wasn't uncomfortable by any means!!! They offer a shampoo/shower gel in 1 in the shower but I brought my own shampoo, and used that as shower gel only. The AC was perfect, the bar stocked often, and the maid service excellent. We had towel birds with flowers on our bed daily and turn down service around 9pm. We didn't leave any tips til the end of the week in the room. Loved it!Food: I LOVED the food there. I have stayed at another resort (not a Riu) at P.C. and the food was good, but this was better. Full American and European breakfast every day, I definitely gained my weight here. Lunch was a buffet near the beach and it was good too. The burgers were better here than the other resort I visited and the pizza too. There was a server there with fresh bagguette bread making deli sandwiches around 1pm and they were great. The salads were good but the vinigarette dressing was very spicy!! :) As for the A la carte we tried them all, and I was suprised that they were soo empty! I guess some people don't like to make a reservation, but we waited 3 mins max to place our 6:30 reservation each morning. The steak restaurant was THE BEST tasting steak I've had in a while, and the Italian was great too. The brazilian was good, but too much meat for me! The Japonese was tasty(loved the fried Ice cream) but the appetizers were sushi and my boyfriend and I aren't sushi eaters. We always tipped $2 at the sit down restaurants, but I saw a couple tip $20 which I thought was excessive. I loved the fresh fruits and fruits drinks at breakfast...we don't get fresh blended pinapple juice here in the US and man do I miss it already!! I am a very picky eater and I always found TONS of food to eat. We didn't drink the tap water, but we did drink the bottled water and had drinks with ice cubes and we had no problems at all.Drinks: Ask for Rum in your blended drinks if you want it, bc they dont always put it in. I didn't mind tho, bc I had no reason to catch a buzz when it was just the two of us anyway. The beach boys carry around trays of soft drinks/water and that was nice. It is so hot there, that by the time you get your drink from them or the bar, the ice has melted in 2 mins! So drink fast!! I saw some americans bring XL mugs (like from gas stations) to fill with ice water/pepsi and that's not a bad idea if you drink a lot of fluids. We tipped once in a while, but I got the same service as the German who tipped $10 our first day on the beach. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy tipping, but you don't have to tip to get excellent service. You will fall in love with Banana Mama's I swear it! I don't like banana's much but we have already been making them since we got home! YUM!Beach/Pool: Couldn't be nicer! Water was warm in the ocean, crystal blue water and powder white sand. The beach is topless, I saw gals from 1yr to 80yrs topless but I could care less. :) I have stayed at other beach resorts where you have to get a chair by 9am or else you're stuck in a crappy spot and this is not the case. I think at this time, the resort is less than half full, but this time next year, it may be a problem. The pool chairs are ok, but they are the hard plastic, so I preferred the canvas-like beach chairs. There is plenty of shade in both places if you need a day out of the sun. The pool is beautiful, but the water is obviously warm due to high daily temps. The swim up bar was great and drinks easily poured without tips. Activities: there are some games planned around the grounds, not as much as other all-inclusives, but that may happen when the resort is packed with guests. You can take paddle boats, kayak, windsurfers or catamarans out for 1hr a day free, but there is a $5 insurance chagre a day or $20 for 1 week. We took paddleboats out once to see the sunked ship off our beach and it was nice but a lot of work! We wanted to take a catamaran but the lesson was $25 and we didn't have that much cash on the beach with us.Entertainment: the nightly shows were better than I've seen in other all-inclusives. The dancers have had some formal dance training, but the lip-syncing could disappear ASAP! The piano bar is romantic we really liked it. Our last morning there, we found the sports-bar like place, it had some pool tables, sandwhiches in a cooler, popcorn and microwave AND of course, a bar. We wished we'd have seen this earlier, bc we wouldve hung out there at night and played pool once in a while. the internet is at this spot too, but it is $12/hr but I didn't check my email. Shopping: The Palace PC has the nicest shops in my opinion. The gift shop inside the lobby is ok, but the street of shops near the gym( has AC!) was more fun. There are bikinis to buy, womens cover ups, hair wraps, jewelry, T-shirts, cigars and other stuff too. Some stores have prices marked and they won't budge. If prices aren't marked you can barter a bit. 2 nights a week, local merchants bring their stuff to the courtyard for you to buy and barter. It's the same stuff in the hotel shops but you can get a better price. Always offer 1/3 of what they originally tell you, and go from there. If you haven't walked away at least once before buying, you aren't getting your best deal. Cuban cigars are ~$10/ea. We bought a large painting from a merchant one night, and the supposed starting price was $450, but after 20min of bartering we paid $55. The next day we walked into the painting store on the street of shops and a guy bought a similar painting, same size for $75 and he said that was a great price bc he's bought them before. I always offer what I think it's worth, but it sounds like we got a good price. Unfortunately. too many travellers have paid the asking price for some items and thats why stuff is higher than it should be. Imports like sunscreen, aloe, etc are expensive for obvious reasons. Sunscreen or aloe will cost about $12 there, so bring more than you think you need! I brought a lot of cash and that worked well bc not all the shops take CC. If you run out of cash you can go to the casino in the Palace Macao get chips, and turn around and exchange them for Am $$.Other Rius: we walked thru the other rius and they all looked nice, but with this resort being BEAUTIFUL, nothing matched it. We shopped at the Carribean street near the other Palace and it was nice, but our shops were nicer I thought. We didn't eat at any other the others bc we liked the Palace SO much. The other guests can't eat/drink at our Palace, so I figured ours was probably the best anyway.** Men/women must wear pants at dinner (buffet or restaurant) so make sure the guys pack enough! I wore short dresses and skirts and that was fine. As I said before, my bf and I thought we were staying at the Bambu, so he didn't pack enough sets of pants and ended up wearing them multiple times,s o you may want to avoid that.**Pack bug spray or itch cream! My bf got TONS of mosquito bites, but I got zero. I think this was because he was sweating in his pants/tops, while I was cool in my little dresses.When it was check out day, we had a late afternoon flight, so they let us stay in our room til 1pm even tho check out is normally 12. A woman at the desk called a taxi for us and they wisked us back to the airport. All in all a complete success. This is a great resort for couples and families. Children of all ages may get a little bored at night, especially teens. If little ones are in bed early then I guess they can watch tv, but I saw a family with 4 teens and they looked bored at night. You may want to bring dvd players or video games for them to play.I have photos, so if you want to see them, please email me at amiller121780@yahoo.com and I'll send you the link.Enjoy, you can't go wrong if you book this place!!! I wish I could go back right now!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lmfpt3
<Content>WOW vacation June 10-June 24 W spent two weeks at this hotel. This is the second Riu Palace that I have stayed at and I was not disappointed. The rooms were very nice and clean. and set up the same as the Riu Palace Los Cabos. The food was excellent, room service for breakfast, which is included, was nicer than getting up to go to the buffet. The beach was beautiful with plenty of shaded areas to lounge on. There were always available lounge chairs at the pool no matter what time one went down. The only complaint that I had was that the beds were as hard as a rock. I took the cushions off of the patio furniture and slept on them. I wouild recomend bringing an aerobed mattress to put on top as everyohe that I spoke with at the resort had the same complaint. I would go back in a heartbeat with an air mattress to put on the bed.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Awesome!! Believe us!!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel...Poor Food/Service I decided to give this an overall of above average, but that was solely influenced by the hotel and how beautiful it and the beaches were. Unfortunately, the food and service were sub-par at times, but more on that in a moment.When you arrive at the hotel, the lobby is absolutely gorgeous with a huge chandelier backed by beautiful stained glass on the ceiling. The decor of the specialty restaurants was fun and in sync with the themes of each such as Japanese or Italian, etc. The outdoor fountains and landscaping leading to the pool and beach area were beautiful. The rooms were very nice with a seating area, mini-bar and dual sinks in the bathroom. The tiled floors were decorative and nice and cool in the warm weather. Unfortunately, the beds were rather hard and not avery comfortable. On multiple occassions the power would go out for up to 15 minutes or so during the day. This was slightly annoying when it happened as were showering for dinner. Overall, they did a wonderful job in keeping the hotel remarkably clean and inviting and it was probably one of the most beautiful we've ever stayed in.The beaches were stunning and the water was crystal clear. The breeze coming off the water was awesome and there was plenty of palm trees providing shade if needed. The pool area is nice with ample lounge chairs to go around. The swim-up bar was nice and made it easy to get a drink without having to go far. The pool also had seating areas in the water similar to booths at a restaraunt, but those went fast. The main pool was a little crowded at times and the water was almost too hot - not very refreshing. The infinity pool was really nice and not nearly as crowded or warm. There's a pathway leading to the other RIU hotels along the beach and you're allowed to use their restaurants, etc. as a guest of the resort, but guests of the other RIU resorts could not use ours. We used the spa and got a massage. It was only $60 and overall the massage was relaxing but slightly awkward. They spoke no English and there were no robes, etc. to cover you up as normal but you're on vacation so you just go with the flow.This leads me into the service at the hotel. Specifically, the fact that the staff speaks minimal English. I read a review that stated there weren't many Americans, but I would disagree with that. This was frustrating for many guests and we heard several comments on this. We often were brought the wrong food or drinks b/c they couldn't understand the English-speaking guests. You'd ask for white wine and get red or ask for a drink off their menu (in English mind you) and get something totally different. It was evident that the staff seemed more relunctant to wait on non-Spanish speaking guests and didn't seem as enthused to help. The maid service was irritating. First, they don't really knock and often before you could even attempt to open the door they were unlocking it and barging on in. In addition, the maid would come at all times of the day sometimes as early as 8:15am to close to 11:00pm to drop off towels. It was difficult to plan when to expect your room to be cleaned. We'd often come back from the pool around 4-5pm and the maid would still be cleaning when we were needing to get ready for dinner. It didn't seem to matter that we tipped $3-4 daily, there was no urgency and she really didn't leave any special surprise that apparently others guest received. The one night we had a heavy downpour the rain from the balcony came pouring in through the sliding doors b/c it wasn't draining properly. We had to call twice to the front desk to ask them for towels to soak up the water because they couldn't understand us. Finally a maid showed up to clean it up.Lastly, the food. It was terrible. I've been to resorts and on cruises and this was awful in comparison to anywhere I've ever been. First you have to wait in line just to sign up for the specialty restaurants that often get booked up quickly b/c seating is so limited. We ate at the steak house and Japanese restaurants. The steak was thin and dry - it didn't have much flavor. The Japanese restaurant was good, but we both got sick after eating it. The buffet has a lot of food, but the choices are still slim. The salad bar doesn't have the typical trimmings you'd expect and the dressing is watery and bland. They'd often have chicken or beef but it didn't have much flavor and was dry. The seafood wasn't fresh as you'd expect. You'd look forward to having dessert, but were disappointed everytime. It was all obviously frozen and was often soggy or dry. Overall, on a scale of 1-10 I'd give the following:Hotel: 9Service: 6Food: 5The staff simply must learn better English and accomodate it's non-Spanish speaking guests. I'm on vacation for one week, they're servicing guests every day. Also, I appreciate that they're making food for the masses, but it was like eating bad wedding food 7 days straight...  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>VeraBlue
<Content>A wonderful time was had by all!! My boyfriend and I (ages 44 and 48), along with my two kids, (ages 17 and 20) just returned from 8 days at the newest Riu Palace, Punta Cana.I'll give you my observations and will happily answer any questions anyone may have.This all inclusive 'palace' is nothing short of luxurious on every level possible. The staff, from management to the constant parade of houskeeping/utility staff are there for no other reason than to see to your contentment.The appropriations are so far above par that my adjectives and adverbs will pale the truth. From the moment you enter the lobby you will have a feeling of being both in the past and present simultaneously.We landed on Tuesday, 6/27. Yes, the airport, privately owned is quaint, and quite warm. Big deal...wait till you get outside in the sun. It is appropriate to remember you are not in 'your country' and should embrace the things that will make this a more memorable trip. The parking lot outside the airport is an effort in futility. Finding your conveyance is easy enough. Pulling out is something else, altogether. The scenery you pass from the airport to the hotel is heartwarming and heartbreaking at the same time.Checking in at the Palace was painless. My boyfriend and I were in room 1157 and my kids were in room 1164. Our rooms were nearer to the lobby rather than the beach. We both had ocean views, to the right. We also overlooked what we referred to as the jurassic jungle. Nothing but foliage. It was lovely. Our balcony afforded us the most spectacular sunsets on 6 out of 7 nights. The bed is a bit stiff. I likened it, at first, to a sort of Dante's level of hell, as punishment for the glutonous lifestyle you will languish in at the Palace. However, by the second night, I, and my boyfriend, found a harmony in the rather unyielding mattress and slept soundly every other night. The bathroom was large, equipped with two sinks, vanity mirror, jacuzzi bath, hand held shower head (or stationary, as you desire). The hair dryer is powerful, but the humidity makes that tool another effort in futility. I got my entire head braided early wednesday morning. There is also an iron and ironing board. The humidity takes care of all but the most stubborn wrinkles. We had many televison channels to choose from. Honestly, we kept the 'menu' channel on because it played bachatta music and we loved it.There are two pools. One is enourmous, complete with swim up bar, built in tables and stools, and built in loungers. If you truly enjoy swimming, as I do, you'll find the pool, lovely as it is, disappointing. The water is quite warm, to the point of not being truly refreshing. At the bar area, it is little more than thigh high, and only waist high at it deepest. It is fun to have your drink in the pool, but most who drink also smoke, and I really don't care to smell that while I'm trying to enjoy my space. Have your footwear available as soon as you exit the pool. The lovely bricks that surround the entire pool area are hot enough to fry eggs. You will get burned after a few steps. You will be furnished with pool towel cards for each member of your party. You exchange that, daily for a very large and thick towel. You can refresh your towel as often as you like throughout the day. When you retire from the pool or beach, return your towel for your card. There are many loungers around the pool on several levels, and a large umbrella every third lounger.I am an ocean swimmer. I'm a jersey girl, and have been going down the shore since I could walk. This water is truly the place of neptune. It's easy to dive right in and the waves are never so high as to knock you over. The sand is like silk. This, too, gets extremely hot, but you can still manage to walk barefoot from poolside to ocean barefoot. There are plenty of loungers out here, as well, and a good many palm trees to offer breezy shade. My boyfriend and I lazed by the wedding gazebo almost every day. You'll know where we were because we hung a great many pieces of aquatic plant life from the leaves of a small palm tree, creating a pagan's tree to sun and sea. On the beach and around the pool, waitstaff will bring trays of assorted drinks, available for any who desire. We usually got to the beach by 9:30 and stayed till about 5pm. The sun is unrelenting, be prepared.Before I offer my observations and experiences on the food, let me preface that by saying I am a chef. I've been in the hospitality industry since the early 90's. I am certified in food safety and sanitation. The CDC does not recognize the term 'food poisoning'. It recognizes food borne illness and food borne intoxication. You get the first by consuming food that has 'gone bad' either from improper handling or storage. The second you get from the bacteria or virus that multiplies and is hazardous to humans. At the Riu Palace the kitchens are immaculate. The chefs, cooks, prep cooks, servers, utility people all follow above standard food handling/storage techniques. The serving areas are spotless, as are all the utensils, drinkware and plates. I never saw one flying insect anywhere near any food at any meal period. Never, not one. The hot food at the buffets is always hot because it moves so quickly. I am confident it is being held in a proper temperature zone. The cold food doesn't always move as quickly, and I observed the waitstaff removing items from the displays and replacing them when it looked like they might be reaching a dangerous temperature. They are not wasting that food. I observed half cakes returned to the display when they had been properly rechilled. Hopefully, I have reassured those who fear stomach maladies. People do get intestinal disorders when traveling. It is almost always a result of overindulgence rather than improperly handled food products.Now, about the quality and taste of the food.... There are 5 a la carte restaurants and two buffet restaurants. Breakfast is buffet at Don Manuel every day and is delightful. All manner of breads, pastries, fruits, side dishes (no unimaginitive USA homefries here) meats, eggs, omelets to order, smoothies, spreads, cereals are available. The coffee is strong but the leche is steamed so feel free to take it light, because it stays warm. A personal note: I absolutely loved the butternut squash they serve, near the eggs. You should also try the mashed plantains, they are an excellent accompaniment to the sausage.Lunch is also served as a buffet in the same restaurant that doubles as the steakhouse restaurant at night. Here you can find daily paella, roasted meats, fish, burgers, franks, pasta, fries, more of the wonderful vegetable sides, heros to order, pizzas, soups, fruits, charcuterie, and cakes and pasteries.You have to have dinner the first night at Don Manuel because you will have missed your opportunity to reserve space at one of the restaurants. This is by no means a slight to your appetites, either. If I described breakfast and lunch adequately, you can be assured that the buffet dinner is even grander, with carved turkeys or roasts, stews, fish fillets, vegetables, (hot and cold), soups, breads, desserts, etc. If you desire, you may reserve a table at one of the restaurants each day between 9:30ish and noonish. A word of advice: the restaurants are charmingly small and fill up quickly. A small line begins forming about 9:20 and it is wise to wait in it if you truly desire to try one of the restaurants. We dined in all of the restaurants and found them all to be very nice, some more than others. In my opinion, the steakhouse was adequate with some work needed on the accompaniments. Sir Oscar was superb with the sauces done to perfection. The pumpkin soup was silky with a slight hint of cardamom. Have a brandy at the table after dinner. The presentation is lovely. Luigi's is the italian restaurant and your humble author is of italian decent. The beef marsala was nice but lacked enough marsala for my taste. The meat itselt was extremely tender. The antipasto bar could feed most people I know without further need for an entree. The tiramisu was redolent with brandy and espresso, very nice, indeed. The rodizio is what I refer to as a fleshfest. My daughter, a vegetarian, was given the opportunity to have a plate from Don Manuels instead of the meat that keeps coming...but she succumbed to the aromas of the pit and though I violate an oathe of secrecy, I tell you that girl loved the place. Very good flavour , although some portions were smaller than we would have liked. The turkey is moist and delicious. Yokohama is the japanese restaurant. The sushi quality is the same as any I'd find in NYC. The tempura was crisp, no small feat given the humidity. The sake is served appropriately. The fried tempura ice cream is disappointing in that it is premade. The green tea ice cream is a much better choice.Now, a bit about tipping. I have read here for two months before this trip that everyone tips, even at an all inclusive. Like anything else, I take it with a grain of salt. I instructed my kids to leave a few dollars each day for housekeeping. I also instructed them to leave a dollar or two after ever couple of drinks. My boyfriend and I left $5 after each meal, as well. In my opinion this was adequate. It's an appropriate gesture and not more than the wallet can withstand, especially given the large pricetag associated with the entire venture. I never felt like I was being shaken down for a tip. On the contrary, I got that opinion from some of the posters here, before I went down there. I don't like someone telling me I have to tip at a place where I already paid them, in advance. Sometimes we tipped after a drink, and sometimes we didn't. Service was impeccable each time, regardless. If you sit in the plaza of an evening, having a few cocktails, it is nice to leave a couple of bucks before you retire. I firmly believe it is not necessary, however. Do what makes you feel comfortable.My boyfriend and I went horseback riding through the surf and jungle. It was great. I got about 50 mosquito bites. Cover your skin and spray yourself. The guide sprayed us all, but I think I needed a whole can for myself. My kids and I also rode the banana boat, getting summarily tossed into the drink twice. It was a riot and I'd do it again if I got the chance.It rained briefly on two evenings for about 30 minutes. Did I mention the sun was relentless? Do get up for the sunrise at least once. When you see it, you'll understand why I suggest you do.Wear cool clothing for the trip home. Remember you leave from the same airport you discovered island humidiy in. They asked to see our ID about 7 times before you finally board the plane.So, now we're back home, and sad of it too. It was a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoGal
<Content>It was nice but I wouldn't go back We got to the hotel and was greeted by one of the front desk managers named Rosemary. She spoke very good english and was very accommodating. We were assigned to a first floor room after we had specifically requested top floor. However, without any hassle Rosemary took care of the situation immediately. Supposedly every room in the resort is supposed to be oceanview. Technically, due to the layout of the rooms if you stick your head out of the balcony, no matter which room you have (besides the ground floor) you should be able to see the ocean. This was told to us after I had complained about having a garden view room. So my suggestion, ask for the pool view and request anything above the second level and you are guaranteed an amazing view of both the resort and the ocean. Rooms - The rooms are nice and large. There is a liquor dispenser right above your fridge, which they keep stocked with beer, soda, tonic,club soda and water. The water comes in a large gallon jug. My husband and I including everyone we spoke to drank the water and didn't have any stomach problems. Unfortunately there is no coffee makers in the room, however, they served coffee everywhere, and we didn't have a hard time getting a cup when we wanted one. There is a safe, blow dryer, iron, ironing board, and a T.V. equipped in every room. The beds were VERY firm. I personally like firm beds, but these were REALLY firm. Some of the people that we spoke with laid out their blue blanket (cushy blanket in the closet) on top of the mattress to make it a little softer. Pool - There are two pools, one large pool and one infinity pool. I am not a morning person and was pleasantly surprised when I got to the pool at eleven to find plenty of chairs. We went in a group of four and never once the whole week had a hard time finding four loungers in a row. You receive a towel card when you check in and will need those to get a towel every day. You are technically only allowed one towel a day, but they always changed my towel whenever I wanted. They don't have any floaties but there were a few people that brought their own, some were actually obnoxiously large. There are however a row of loungers made of tile in the pool that you can lay on which were perfect for sunbathing seeing that your body is half submerged in the water and kept cool from the hot sun. I never had a hard time getting to lay on one either. People weren't hogging them like I thought they would. The water was really warm and nice, at times it did get a little warmer then I would have liked. The swim up bar was nice and large with more then enough bartenders. I never waited more then a minute for a drink. They also have these little niches off to the side of the pool that you can walk directly into from inside the pool that have Jacuzzi jets, seats and a little table for drinks. We saw people playing waterproof cards on them which was really fun. They had a few activities during the day but it never got too loud. Beach - The water was beautiful!! There were about four different shades of blue with silky white sand. PLENTY of loungers and PLENTY of shade. Even after walking into the water neck high all you feel in your toes are the soft sands. The waves were very big at all. I was able to swim in it with ease. I've seen clearer waters, but none the less, it was still very nice. Drinks were not as easy to come by on the beach, however, I never wet longer then 30 minutes without a drink in my hand. Alcohol - They only offer two kinds of beers. They weren't bad, it was very comparable to Bud. I always asked for mine with a lime, which I would highly recommend. They don't have any premium liquors and don't have the best wine list. They had one good bottle of Merlot and that was about it. But then again, I'm picky when it comes to liquor. I do have to say though, they are not stingy with their liquor. Restaurants - They have five to choose from and yes you do have to get in line at 10 in the morning to make reservations. My husband thought it was ridiculous to stand in line during a vacation, and so did everyone else. We did discover though when we got to the line at 10:30 or even 11, they still had reservations available. They have 2 seatings, one at 6:30 and another at 9:00. To tell you the truth, all the specialty restaurants were not good. Actually, the food in general was just not good. After the third day I just got sick of eating. I don't think it's was only this resort, it seems to be the same for most of the resorts in D.R. I've stayed at three other resorts in Punta Cana, having stayed in the same resorts in Riviera Maya, and the food in D.R. in general was not very good. If you decide not to stay at this resort for this reason, don't let that deter you. Entertainment - The nightly entertainment was actually pretty good. I was very surprised. The M.C. Mr. Boom Boom is a very funny and entertaining man. It was definitely one of the better ones that Ive seen.Service - GREAT!!! They really cater to you and hand and feet, with or without a tip. I have been to resorts as well as all inclusives in Punta Cana, Santa Domingo, St. Marten, St. Lucia, Barbados, Antigua, St. Thomas, Oahu, big island, Riviera Maya, Los Cabos, and Cancun. Honestly for an all inclusive for what you pay, it really isn't a bad deal. Yeah, the food isn't that great but look at how much your paying. It's a beautiful place. You get to go to the adjoining Riu's and drink and eat as you please. Yeah it's not a Secrets or a Dreams resort, but your not paying 3-4 thousand either, so go and enjoy it if this is what fits your budget. Yes there were a lot of Europeans, but there were also a lot of Americans. You wouldn't now the difference anyways. Everyone there was very nice and courteous. I do have to say though the age groups were all over the place. There were lots of children, honeymooners, teenagers, elderly, name it and they were there. None stood out more then another. Go have a good time, you get a good bang for your buck. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sumsum
<Content>Yuck! Very disappointed in this hotel. I鈥檝e stayed at the Riu in Mexico and was expecting a similar wonderful experience. However, this hotel is nothing like the Riu in Mexico. The food is terrible, the drinks are bad, and the service is mediocre. Even though my husband and I booked our vacation in a package we checked out early and paid the additional expense to move to another hotel. We鈥檙e not picky people so for us to find things we do not like is unusual. Please feel free to email me and I will answer any questions AND make a recommendation for a wonderful property!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish I was still in paradise! This is my 4th visit to Punta Cana and my 3rd visit to a Riu resort (one of those times staying at the Riu Palace Mexico in the Riviera Maya) and I must say that I loved this one the best! This resort actually resembles the Riu Palace Mexico the layout is a mirror image but the beach is much better here! Very very tropical with lots of palm trees and beautiful blue water! For a new resort I must say that this place really has it together! The rooms are quite large with a separate sitting area. The hotel really focuses on cleanliness. You can actually enjoy exchange privileges with a total of 6 Riu resorts, there is a convenient sidewalk that joins all of the resorts together. My husband loved the pool at the Riu Bambu the best. The food and the mixed drinks are actually very good for being out of the country. We even enjoyed the nightly entertainment, what a hoot! I hope to be able to return this October! By the way we went with Apple Vacations what a top notch vacation company; was a smooth very organized trip! If you have any questions please feel free to email me!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge Wow Factor!!!!! Stayed at the Palace from June 18-25 and what a vacation!Your jaw drops the minute you step foot in the lobby. The lobby is huge with 3 beautiful crystal chandliers and gorgeous furniture. Defiantely a luxouris old world feel.I've previously stayed at the Riu Palace Las Americas in Cancun and the similarities are defiantely there in the decor and the rooms. Although I must say during our stay we say the Riu Palace Macao (which is only a short walk away) and that hotel had nothing on the New Palace!! The Rooms are very nice and spacious. We stayed in the standard junior suite overlooking the garden. Nice view and quite. Balcony is nice and large with a drying rack, 2 high back plastic chairs and a small table. Great for sitting out with rum and coke (or pepsi as they have!!) prepared in room, thanks to the fully stocked fridge and liqour dispensers. Just a tip.....in the fridge they provide a HUGE jug of water (no small bottles)...so make sure you bring a couple of small water bottles for refilling and taking to the beach etc...The Dining was good. We tried 3 of the a la carte restuarants: Sir Oscars the gourment which an absolute must. The food was excellent and the glass of champagne as soon as you stepped foot in the restaurant was a nice touch! The Italian restaurant was also very good. Wonderful salad and anipasti bar prior to the meal. Then the Japanese which was good as well. We enjoyed the buffet, quite a variety, although, I agree with others that the breakfast and dinner was better than lunch. However, for lunch you had the choice between the beach bar and grill or walking back to the main buffet restaurant. A tip for booking the a la carte. The reservations starts daily at 10am-1pm in the Italian restaurant. HOWEVER, they always opened the doors around 930-940am so be there early. The info in your room it says the reservations starts daily at 7:30am-10am but this has changed.There was always a good line up while I was there, but everything moved smoothly and in orderly fashion. Oh and guys, you need to wear long pants for dinner, whether it be buffet or a la carte.The beach was absolutely amazing. I've been to Varadero Cuba and the Mayan Rivieria. and although both these places have the beautiful water and white powder sand, I loved all the palm trees on the beach. Seemed like more than the Mayan. Nice wide beaches with and there was always a nice palm to lie under. Never,ever had problems finding a spot at the pool or at the beach. Given the time of year the resort was still pretty full.The beach is excellent for walking. If you go right on the beach and walk for about 30-45 mins you come to a local market. Good deals to be had if you're ready to haggle.The nice thing about this hotel is that it's located in the Riu Complex. So you stay at the Palace but can eat breakfast,lunch (not dinner) if you want at any of the other RIU hotels.The Riu Bambu is next to the Palace, beside that is the Palace Macao, beside that the Riu Taino, behind that the Riu Nabioa and then the Riu Melao. So you can never get bored!! I did however like our resort the best! Oh and there is a Caribbean Street that is only about a 15min walk and it's located in between the Palace Macao and the Riu Taino. Lots of shops a pizzeria that is included with the all inclusive. There is a nice walkway that links all the complex.The pool area at the palace was nice. Big enough with lots of loungers around. The pool had a big swim up bar and the table areas too as well as the loungers in the water. We are beach people though and spent most of our time at the beach. The pool temperature was a little warm. The weather of course was HOT,HOT,HOT!! We kept seeing reports of thunderstorms before travelling but it rained 2 hard at night and only 1 full day. Which of course had to be on our last day there!!! I was looking forward to one last day of working on the tan but alas, we spent it at the lobby bar instead. Oh well, that's the way it goes!!The Sports bar was great! For any Soccer fans they have all the games playing on lots of screens. Managed to catch the Stanley Cup final down there - A canadian leaving the country while the playoffs are on!!!- Sadly our Oilers lost...but it was a good time listening to the Americans and Canadians rooting for their teams!!! :)As far as excursions go there was plenty to do, but we were beach bums for the week. For those interested though there is the usual snorkeling,scuba diving,day trip to Santo Domingo and so on. The Staff here is INCREDIBLE!! There was always a manager walking around, mingling and asking how your stay was going and how the service was. They are so gracious and you defiantely want to bring many $1 because you will be only too glad to give them a tip. They deserve it and work very,very hard. Our tour rep told us that the average salary is $50 USD a week. So a little tip goes a long way!!This resort had a good mixture of people. Not a top pick for people looking for late night party atmosphere or for families with small children.There was a small children's mini club, however, there was never,ever any children around it. If travelling with small children I would recommend considering the Riu Bambu next door. They had what looked like a great mini club with lots of children.So if you're looking for a luxury hotel to vacation at in Punta Cana that has a huge wow factor and good food... and an absolutely beautiful beach...defiantely consider the New Riu Palace.....wish I could have stayed longer than a week!!!!I love the Riu chain of hotels and want to get out to the Palace in Cabo soon. I would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat and defiantel recommend it. Have a couple of drinks for me when you go!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pros and Cons I hope this helps your decision on whether or not to stay!Resort: Absolutely gorgeous you you will amazedPool: Again, beautiful but beware bring sandals to walk from your lounger to the pool, the tiles are very hot. Tons of chairs and umbrella, never a search even later in the dayWeather: The weather forecast may seem gloomy if you look it up from home but it is HOT!! we had a brief heavy downpour once or twice in the early eveningRooms: A/C works GREAT but I would bring your own soap etc. The shampoo/conditioner/shower gel really didn't cut it. Bed felt hard but actually pretty comfy.Service: Everyone was so friendly (unlike the people at the airport). If you know basic Spanish you will do fine and it is appreciated.Drinks: Well...for the beer drinkers out there...the mini bar contains only one type of beer, Bramha, and anywhere else it is draft Presidente..that is it. We wound up buying he 4 Buds the had in the gift shop every day.Food: Agree with others..buggy (mosquitoes at the steak house). Buffets not bad, you can always find something but was pleasantly surprised with the amount of vegetables.Disappointed in the seafood, nothing really had flavor24 hour snacks: NOW this was a surprise...no it was not room service...it is a refrigerator in the 24 hour sports bar that has hot dogs, hamburgers and a microvawe to serve yourself. Oh..and a popcorn machine.Taxi: Walk past all the people trying to grab you at the airport and ask for a cab..it is only $28 and about 40 minutes. (Only one lane and traffic)Feel free to email me with any questions!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best hotel!! We returned from the Riu Palace on the 12th of June and wish we were still there. The staff, the Hotel, the faciliteies, the service, basically everything was 1st class from start to finish. Although there were very few Brits there(which we found quite strange but nice), this was probably the best holiday we have had together in years. We went with our 3 kids,13,11 and 10. Although there weren't many kids there, they did mix with the ones that were there and had a great time. The beach was perfect with all the watersports on offer for the kids, and the marvellous Barmen who kept on filling your empty glass with with the drink of your choice, you couldn't wish for more. The massage parlour on the beach front next to the Riu Bambu is a must!! My wife and 11 year old daughter also tried the manicure and pedicure facilities at the Riu Palace Spa and were delighted. The deep sea fishing trip was a bit of a disaster, myself and my 13 year old son booked this and never got a chance to hold a rod, we were 40 miles out to sea(very sick), however the captain caught a great 6ft marlin which made the day a sort of success. All I would say is be very careful if you decide to book this trip if you are a keen fisherman as you will be left bitterly disappointed. The restraunts were all very good, however I would definately recommend the Italian as the starters and the main meal were by far the best of the trip, without taking anything away from the others. I would say that the steakhouse was probably the least impressive, although the standards of the others may have had something to do with this.We stayed in 2 rooms, 0123 and 0126. These were absolutely amazing. Walk in wardrobes, sunk in jacuzzi bath with roman pillars around, huge bathroom, wet room shower, living area and double balcony overlooking the pool and the sea (if you get the chance try and stay in these rooms as they are much bigger and better than the standard rooms - which we were expecting).The entertainment was not really seen by ourselves as the heat really took its toll on all of us and we were generally back in the rooms by 9.30pm, although I heard that the Michael Jackson show was great.I had read on Trip Advisor that it was generally polite to tip and that it would be recognised......this is definately the case. Yes the staff were very very nice but the tips did certainly help towards much better personal service, so I would highly recommend it.One thing I must mention is the weather. Prior to setting off we were checking weather forecasts and we were concerned by the constant thunderstorms and cloudy predictions. Throughout the 2 weeks we spent, there was 5 minutes on the first day, 30 minutes in the second week and that was it. It did rain once through the night but not enough to raise us from our sleep. The heat was often unbearable but then again why go to somewhere like this if you want to be cold? Try iceland!!!! Seriously though, for me personally, it was beautiful for 99% of the time so don't worry about forecasts as after all that is all they are!Watch out though!! The maid service(while being outstanding) calls on you at 9-10pm night without warning. Often we were sleeping or getting dressed when they would appear to turn your bed clothes back. A tip is definately recommended for them though as the cleanliness was amazing.Without doubt we would go back here, first class service, facilities, food and weather. What more could you ask for??  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort, Food needs help The resort is absolutely beautiful and after time the vegitation will grow in and this place will be great. Right now they are still planting and landscaping some of the area. My family and I had a great time at this resort. The beach was nice, staff was attentive, and food was ok. We were there for 7 days and had a great time.Food: They have a few different theme restaurants here and all are pretty good. The gormet restaurant was our favorite. You had to get in line 15 minutes before everyone else to get a reservation here because it was so popular. You are served champagne when you are seated and the food here is above average. The Brazilian Steak house is ok. The serve you 5 different kinds of meat as well and a salad bar. If you like dressing with taste...you might want to bring some. Their dressings were not very good and very bland. The steakhouse was good. They have 2 different cuts of meat, that looked and tasted exactly the same and chicken. The steak was ok, but not thick. The buffet is best in the morning. They have just about everything. They make smoothies as well with fresh fruits. The lunch buffet isn't the best. Their burgers are hard and taste funny, the shimp is not deveined and still has the head on them, and they never have salad at the salad bar. The dinner buffet is better then lunch. They have theme nights and those are the best to go. The best food we had all week was mexican night. They had some great fajitas and guacamole. Just be careful what you eat. A few people got sick in our group.Room: The room looks very nice. The bathroom has two sinks and a jet bath tub big enough for one person. They hadn't installed the lights in the ceiling over our bathtub, so we just had a hole in the ceiling withought much light. The bed is extremely hard. We heard a lot of people complain about this while we were there. The sheets are still a little rough as well. Not soft like you would have at a normal resort. The TV gets a couple english movie channels, ESPN, ABC, and CNN. The rest are all in Spanish. Overall, not too bad. Make sure and tip the maid and she will leave you cool suprises. My parents didn't tip and got some towl swans but thats about it.Service: Very good. Especially good if you give them a dollar now and then. There is a drinky drinky man that walks down the beach with a big tray of drinks. He is very friendly and will get you anything. The bars near the lobby is never crowded and had better drinks then anywhere else. The sports bar was fun as well. They have a few slots in there as well. The 24 hour snacks and food they talk about is in the sports bar. They have a fridge with sandwiches and fruit that looks to be about 4-5 days old. They also have a popcorn machine in there. There is a casino down 2 resorts at the Palace Macao. They have blackjack, slots, roulette, and texas hold-em at 9:00. The Palace Punta Cana is much nicer then this resort.Overall we had a great time in Punta Cana. The resort has a few problems, but what resort doesn't.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kmac613
<Content>Amazing Vacation       Lisa and Kevin  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelforever
<Content>The best vacation I have had in a very long time - loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We have been going to all-inclusives at least twice a year for the past 6 years, always to Mexico, never to Punta Cana.After this vacation we will only go to Punta Cana for the main reason we take vacations: the beach. This hotel had the best beach I have seen in a while. Warm turquise water, fine sand, lovely palm trees for the shade, not a single rock, no mosquitos, no sand flies, no stray dogs (like one reviewer indicated) plenty of sunbeds, no annoying merchants.Other reasons I loved the resort: rooms are beautiful, service was outstanding, the food was pretty good. People that claimed that the buffet was monotonous must have not stepped away from the pasta and pizza bar set up mainly for the kids. I do not consider 10 varieties of tomato sauce on a plate of spagetti being a great choice of foods, but some people do.This resort has to cater to people from all over the wold as well as their kids and they do a pretty decent job in finding a middle ground and offer a little bit of everything for all. They had lox one night as a choice, they always had seafood (shrimp were not cleaned, but tasted good, New Zealand mussles were better cold, fried calamari they had one of the nights could rival any served in Little Italy) There were always grilled meats, especially loved the lamb chops, vegetable selection, tropical fruits and breads. Cheese selection was offered for all 3 meals and the cheese was plentiful and fancy. Cold cuts were also available for breakfast. Deserts were magnificent, especially try to taste the layered coffee cake. It had a dusting of coffee on top - simply divine. Drinks: not watered down in the lobby bar at all, slightly at the pool bar. Personal favorte - Mojito. Nice option of them bringing the drinks to the beach and even taking orders. Rooms and Room service - outstanding. Huge beds with crisp linnens, air-conditioning on high at all times. Beautiful swan hearts made of towels with fresh hibiscus flowers Shows were OK, not as good as in other resorts, so what? We took a lot of walks to the other Riu resorts and saw other shows. Thanks God there is no nightlife, who wants to hear drunken teens hooting and hollering by the pool all night long? Not much to do for the little kids either.Yes, perhaps this is a resort for the older crowd, I think that will become apparent as they start raising the prices. One more thing: they require men to wear long pants for dinner in all restaurants, including the buffet, jeans are acceptible as well. In conclusion; I would recommend this resort very highly.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Geri37
<Content>Rui PalacePunta Cana vs. Rui Palace Mexico       view from room  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dayzfan
<Content>Riu palace Punta Can Love Hate Experiance       MAin Lobby  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace Punta Cana is AWESOME!!!!!!! We went to the D.R. for our honeymoon and we had a fabulous time. 05/28 - 06/05. We travel a lot and this was by far our best trip yet. The staff is great, so friendly. The food is good, the Brazilian restaurant was my husband's favorite, a big meat eater, and mine favorite was the Itilian. The gourmet restaurant was over rated. The bartenders are very good, they get to know you and have your drinks ready when you come up without asking. Our room was nice, the AC worked very well, but hello it's a brand new hotel so it should. We both did get a little stomach irritation, but your system has to get used to different foods in another country, it's not the USA. I wouldn't recommend the hotel for families with small kids. It's definitely more of a couples resort. Don't go outside the resort complex too much, not much to see. Also change your money in another place other than the hotel, because you'll get a lower exchange rate at the hotel. Another get money before you get to the resort, as there isn't an atm on the property. There is a shared ATM with the other RIU properties, but it was broken and the other one was at the Iberostar resort. You'll have to take a taxi to either place and it's definitely not something you want to experience.There isn't much of a night life. There is a club at the Macao, within walking distance, it's pretty good, but it's mainly spanish music, of course. There is another club at the Flamingo, cab ride req'd, that was much better. Every night the hotel puts on a show that is pretty good and very entertaining, ex. Grease and Michael Jackson shows. We met a lot of great people. Had a great time, can't wait to go back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jennyfromthebeach
<Content>Palatial!       The hotel, view from the pool  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My room was Robbed at Riu Palace Punta Cana On June 7, 2006 two personal items were stolen from my hotel room between 11:45 AM and 6:30 PM, a cell phone and a digital camara. The individual who stole my personal items had a key and access to my room. When visiting the Riu Palace resort, make sure to lock all valuables in the safe and secure the key.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing in Punta Cana - the NEW Riu Palace I'm writing a review here because I found it helpful to read about the Riu Palace before we planned a last-minute vacation there from 6/10/06 to 6/14/06. I went with my hubby. We flew from Col., OH to Newark, NJ to Punta Cana, DR. We stayed in a junior suite on the third floor (rooms start with a 2). Our goal for this vacation was to do nothing: relax, lay by the ocean/pool and drink. You won't find much about excursions/activities here. We didn't even bother to visit the other four RIU resorts in the complex. PRO: - Beautifully clean, new facility - Secure area (no solicitations) - Ocean was relatively calm and clean (seaweed removed every morning) - Swim up bar in main pool - Lots of foo-foo drinks to choose from on menu - Great powder-white sand beach with plenty of chairs for lounging and palm trees for shade from the sun - Adequate Spa - Can go topless on beach (could be pro/con, depending on who you are) - Staff did try to accomodate all requests - Nice, unexpected surprises upon entering room on some nights (can't tell you the surprise - it would ruin it) - You can find something to eat at all hours of the day, if need be- AC worked like a charm and rest of resort was cool- We saved $150 over four days by choosing a view other than the courtyard. It was fine. We looked towards the closest resort with lots of palm trees.CON: - We weren't able to get Nextel service on our cell, but Verizon worked just fine. - All food was bland, but I guess it's expected from a reasonably-priced all-inclusive (if you know much about Japanese food, avoid Yokohama restaurant - you will be disappointed) - You can hear EVERYTHING in your room that goes on in the hallway; maids are exceptionally noisy; I put a towel at the bottom of the door but this did little to quiet the noise; recommend earplugs if a light or late sleeper - Can't drink the water. Hubby got some intestinal thing, probably from brushing teeth with it. - VERY few ice machines to cool drinks, etc. (machines have filtration systems on them though) - Lack of English speaking waiters/hotel staff (except front desk) - this should improve with time- Expectation of tipping for bag handling (airport, shuttle, and resort), some drink service (not beachside), etc. (Although prepared with a bundle of $1 US bills, it was annoying to have to worry about this given that it was forbidden at our first all-inclusive experience in Jamaica) - Pool water felt like slightly warmed bath water (have to get out of pools by 7pm each day because of chemical treatment of water) - Catered more towards morning people that turned in early which we were not (not a con for some folks) - VERY STIFF beds (even after asking for a pillow-top mattress [from a review I read on here], they claimed they didn't have one; maid used thick blanket in an effort to make it more comfy)- Requests called into front desk took 6+ hours to respond (although requests made in person to front desk personnel took 2+ hours) - Flooding can occur in some hallways/rooms when a heavy rainshower hits (we were lucky) - All water sport equipment was gone by 2 pm, so get there early  RECOMMENDATIONS: - 60 minute massage at spa for $60 US (they do a good job and you can specify if you want an intense or soft); manicure was okay (didn't get pedicure but noticed they used one of those cheap foot spa things you can buy at Walmart - tacky) - Dinner at the Brazilian restaurant - Try all the frozen drinks on the menu (our fav was the Costa Caribe); lobby bar is NEVER packed - Ask for extra towels. For two people, we got two towels for the entire day. After beach time and other activities, you'll shower at least two times a day.- Tip the maids $2 - $3 each day. They sometimes leave a surprise. - Ask for extra gallon of water for fridge (if you find that you drink alot) - If you don't have shuttle service from the airport to the resort, we recommend CoCo tours ($50 round-trip through Orbitz for 2 people). They were punctual and helped us out in a jam. We had to wait five minutes upon arrival and actually made them wait for us (they were bringing down our luggage) when heading home. Just remember to phone them the day before you're scheduled to leave. - Cheat sheet of words in spanish for help, drink, thank you, please, water, towel, air, I don't understand, dinner, breakfast, reservations, good evening, etc. - Bring an insulated mug for drinks because the cups provided are dinky.By the way, unless you make other stops, it takes approx. 35 minutes to get from the airport to the resort. We had to pay $10/person to enter the country and nothing upon leaving (we didn't have any items to claim). All bags are searched upon departure. We'd advise getting there two hours early for departure and staying on the cool side of the airport (you'll know what I mean when you get there). All in all, we enjoyed the experience. It was pretty relaxing and a great way to recharge the batteries. Although we had a good time, we would not return. There are far too many other places in the world to visit. Have Fun!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelboundDC
<Content>Not as good as Palace in Playa del Carmen We've been to the Riu Palace in Playa del Carmen twice and absolutely loved it. So when we heard that a new one was opening in Punta Cana we were very excited to experience the same level of service, food, ambience and good beach time. We were sorely disappointed. The service was awful. People acted like they were doing you a favor by brining you a drink. The food was horrible and badly prepared. One time I went to the chocolate fountain and the only thing that was offered to dip into it was melons and grapes. No bananas, strawberries, cakes, nothing. The meat was always way overcooked and the variety was just not the same as in Mexico. The front desk was not accomadating at all to any request out of the ordinary. Half the time when I was talking to them I felt like they weren't even paying attention - just wanted me to go away so they could finish chatting with each other. I don't want to be all negative. The weather was nice and it is always good to be on vacation and near a beach. But my advice would be to stay away from Punta Cana and go to Playa del Carmen instead, especially if you want good service, beautiful scenery, delicous food and a beautiful beach.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bcmitchell
<Content>Wonderful Beach Resort- Not for Snorkeling First things first, if you plan on staying at the new RIU Palace be sure your flight is into Punta Cana. Ours was but then in typical American Airlines fashion was cancelled, and we were diverted into San Domingo. Take it from someone who made the trip, all 3 hours of it at 12:30 AM you don't want to. If you have to travel during the day the trip could easily take 4 hours or more depending on traffic. There was no traffic during our ride. There is highway for about the first 70Km or so and then you get onto blacktop 2 lane roads with plenty of potholes, speed bumps and dips, and obstacles galore. Our driver managed to run over not 1, but 2 dogs during our sojourn. Thankfully he did not add any humans to that tally, but I think that was pure luck. Enough said about that, remember land in Punta Cana. First of all let me say that the facility itself is gorgeous! That being said there is some room for improvement in the managing of the facility and the offered amenities. I will start by giving you the cons and then the positives. RIU bills this as a five(5) star resort, which the structure itself is. However, we booked our 8 day stay directly with Riu reservations, almost 3 months prior to the facility opening. When we made the reservations we asked for an Ocean view, with a King size bed. Upon arriving in San Juan, earlier on the day of our arrival we contacted the hotel manager on duty to let them know we would be delayed arriving there and to reconfirm our room requirements. No Problem. When we finally arrived at the Hotel at 3:30 AM there was no bellman etc. (remember now this is supposed to be a five star facility) we had to bring in our own luggage from the cab and found a couple of people at the main desk. We introduced ourselves and checked in. Because we made our own reservations, (and to be honest I am not sure about their policy if you book through a tour agency) We had to prepay for our entire stay when we checked in. They said it was company policy as they had been stiffed by people in the past, they had stayed and upon checking out their card was denied etc. So be forewarned you will be required to prepay for your entire stay when you check in. After checking in they did track down someone to see us to our room along with our luggage. When we arrived at the room they assigned us to it was a Side Garden view with two double beds shoved together, Not the Ocean View with the king size bed. We relayed our displeasure to the bellman who contacted the front desk. When he finished the conversation we were told that the room we were supposed to be in was not clean and they were sorry and would move us to a room like we had requested in the morning. (Now realize they had an additional 8 hours prior to our arrival to make the room ready after we had contacted them in San Juan). The night manager promised us a particular room, so we went and checked it out from the outside (it had a do not disturb sign hanging on the door) We said that the room would be acceptable and turned in for the night in the room originally assigned to us. (Note) The AC in this room worked great!. Lastly we asked the bellman about room service, since we had not eaten in at least 14 hours and were informed that the hotel had no room service whatsoever. If we were hungry though they did provide ready to eat snacks in the sports bar which was open 24 hours a day. We just went to bed. (We did find out later however that you could get your choice of 3 different styles of breakfast delivered to your room, although we never tried it). The next day we awoke, went down had breakfast, checked out our surroundings a bit and then went to the front desk to arrange our move to the promised room. The Day Manager said that the promised move would not be possible as the room the Night manager had promised us was a more expensive room. but he would move us to a room at the other end of the same hall facing the ocean. The Rooms were exactly the same, so what gives? The one he offered was on one corner of the building, and the promised room was on the other corner. Any way we took the room after an inspection to make sure that the new room did indeed meet our criteria. We also ended up moving our own luggage to this new room after waiting almost 45 minutes for the promised bellman who never showed up. The new room was beautiful, and was everything that we expected. The Ocean view was still questionable though, you had to look over the roof of the Health Club/Spa to see it, In fact if you look at the facility, the design is somewhat poor in that the lower levels of rooms on the ends of both wings of the hotel, the ones that should be all ocean view, are both obstructed by support buildings. One is the Spa, and on the other side, one of the Restaurants obstructs the view. With so few rooms on the ends of the building you would have thought they would have protected the premium views from these suites, but did not. Any way, back to our room, additionally the Air conditioner was not keeping the room cool. We went down to the front desk, and spoke with the manager directly about the AC and he assured us he would send someone right up to fix it. So we returned to our room to finally unpack and settle in for the week. After and hour the mechanic had still not shown up to address the problem and another call was made. Eventually a couple of maintenance people showed up with a hose and a ladder, and messed around for about 30 minutes with the unit in the ceiling and then left. At any rate they had made no difference in the operation of the unit which just barely managed to keep the room at about 80- 85 degrees. This ordeal ate up our entire morning of our second day there. We didn't get out of the room until after 1:00 PM with having to deal with all of this. Up until the time we left the Air conditioning issue was never resolved. It was a daily call after hot sticky night, with promises of repair made by the manager, only to return that evening to the same condition. Our main desire on vacation is to find resorts that provide both the 5 star amenities that we want with great snorkeling. We are both divers and take our own gear but prefer to snorkel off the beach and take the occasional tour. We both are very confident in our abilities of 20+ years each and will sometimes snorkel from the beach 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile out depending on the conditions. The Punta Cana Palace while providing a somewhat five star facility does not have the snorkeling that we and most likely others will desire. The swim area which we usually venture out of very quickly, was relatively small and we were driven back in by people in watercraft each time we ventured outside this area. The boat traffic was just terrible between shuttling divers from place to place, people riding the banana tube, and parasailing there was a constant tumult of boat traffic. One of the Divers at the dive shop (book dive tours) said that if we really wanted good snorkeling we would need to sign up for one of the day long tours, which in the end consisted of about 3 to 4 hours of good snorkeling and 6 to 7 hours of transportation on a bus boat etc. We tried it and found that the small amount of snorkeling time was not worth the majority of the day being spent on traveling which started at 6:30 AM and ended at 7:00PM. The Punta Cana Palace in addition to a beautiful facility, also has some really good dining. The 5 specialty restaurants in particular were first class both in food and service. The buffet also offered an abundance and variety of great food. The specialty restaurants are included in the all inclusive but you have to make reservations each morning at 10:00 AM for the restaurant of your choice. so if you are not there early you will miss out. There are two seatings each night one at 6:30 PM the other at 9:00 PM. Seating is limited to about 30 tables or less per restaurant or so it looked. We ended up cutting our stay there short by 4 days due to the Air conditioning issue, but mostly due to the snorkeling availability. We ended up at the Sunscape Casa del Mar in La Romana. I will write a review of our stay there as well. Getting the 4 day refund was a hassle too, if you will recall we had to prepay for the entire stay upon arrival. All in all the facility is beautiful and the food is great. As for the five star rating, if you can live with the placating mediocre management, limited service times for some of the staff(such as bellman), lack of room service, and a concierge that won't or can't arrange airport pick ups or deliveries among other things, then you will thoroughly enjoy this facility. Lastly (and I know this is really being picky) but for a five star facility I used a lot of paper napkins outside of the cloth ones at the specialty restaurants. If you want to be a Five star facility then be one, Five stars begins with SERVICE and ends with the smallest of details. If you want the five star service that goes with the facility then you might want to pass on this one for now, being a new hotel they may eventually get their act together. My rating of above average was based on the building itself, the quality of the food and the friendliness of the support staff other than those behind the front desk, who I will sadly never see again. I can't say enough about the beauty of this facility, but as they say beauty is only skin deep.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aa173130
<Content>Loved the Riu Palace...(Not the RIU Bamboo) Loved the Riu Palace...(Not the RIU Bamboo)Loved the Riu Palace...(Not the RIU Bamboo)Loved the Riu Palace...(Not the RIU Bamboo)Loved the Riu Palace...(Not the RIU Bamboo)Found no other place to put this review....Who went:Myself, my Wife and 12 year old child...When:June 6-10th 2006Booked:Through Dynamic Travel in Southlake, TXPrice:Spent about $1000 plus tips (350)Arrived:American Though MIA... from DFWWonderful although flights were jamm packed.Transfers:From Airport to Resort via Taxi. Don't waist your time with a van or bus.Take a taxi. We paid $28 bucks each way for all... no waiting no hagling...Of course we tipped a couple bucks each trip.Reception:Alot of info here... I'll try and be brief... The receptionist are wonderful... I was very picky with my room so I asked for something up high near the beach with a view of the pool and ocean... We got it but it took some time... same price. They will tell you that none of their rooms have ocean view but half do (over the palm trees)... Most rooms look over the fountains in the middle of the resort and all rooms in the resort are wonderfully appointed... jaccusi(sp) tubs, plenty of towels, Ac works great... it's all new, it should. Also had a frig with beer and mixers for the four liquor bottles mounted on the wall obove the bar... Be careful here as the squeaky wheel gets the grease... Let them know that you will accept anything but the best.... They will accomodate ...Our room 2119 was a great room... I could find my son in the pool and also keep an eye on the activities... The bottom floors near the ocean gets less air from the ocean and no view except for the pool area... not bad though... Activities:Water sports like wind surfing, cat saliling, snorkeling eqp, kyacking(sp) as free...We went sailing on the 14ft Cats everyday ... My son and I went diving on the fourth day on the reef for 89 bucks a piece... Worth every dollar. My son is still talking about it...In preparation, we watched a video for an hour... practice emerg proc in pool for another hour and went on dive the next day... staff was great... For instruction and the free introductory class , we had german lady named Silke...very nice, knowledgable, and fun... A german gentleman who name I have forgotten, the head-instructor (Earnesto perhaps) took my son and two others onto the reef.... 5 minutes from the beach on 19ft boat....Beach:By the way, I have been to many beaches and this beach has got to be in the top 5 I've seen... Not as good as caneel bay in St Johns but better than Cancun and Cayman's 7 mile beach...Food:Best restaurant veries by what you ordered and preferr... All better than good but not fantastic. My favorite is the japanese steak house... then Brazilian steak, and the italian place third... stay away from the steak house near the beach...Bad service and tough steak... Sorry I don't remember the name of it...Drink are great at the lobby and the swim up bar...We stayed away from neiboring resort Riu bars(Macao, bamboo) as they did not seem as clean... it's just me ...So much to say so little time...What can I say,,, Great place, great people, drinks .... I'll go back I'm sure of it...Negative stuff:Lost power on the third for three hours... Back on before dinnerSlight intestinal thing on first day then no problem throughout... (---), could have been the airline food...Almost booked the wrong hotel because this place is so new... Just be sure not to book the Macao or bamboo or anything other than the RIU Palace....Airport security screening is thorough on departure, so get there early...High departure taxes... 250 bucks for three people...Almost rude personnel at the water sports reservation desk on the beach... Not to be confused with the dive personnel...Hope this helps...MarcGrapevine TX  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TamiTT
<Content>We felt like royalty! We just got back from eight wonderful days at the Hotel Riu Palace Punta Cana. (May 28-June 5, 2006) This was our first all-inclusive vacation. We鈥檝e gone on many cruises (12+), but overall, I liked this vacation better than most of the cruises we鈥檝e been on (Holland America, Royal Caribbean, Carnival, et al)Pros: Absolutely stunning facilities and environment, fit for royalty. The Riu Palace has beautiful architecture, a gorgeous pool, a stunning beach, and excellent service.Cons: The food was just average. And unfortunately, something didn鈥檛 agree with our digestive systems. Arriving in Punta Cana: My husband and I, and our teenaged daughter and her friend arrived in Punta Cana on Sunday, May 28. The airport is very rustic, with thatched roof charm. Going through customs was a breeze. We found our tour operator (VIP), who directed us to a bus for transport to the hotel. Since we were forewarned on Trip Advisor forums, we asked whether the bus would be going to other resorts, or just to the Riu resorts, and were told it would only be going to the Riu resorts. But, when the four of us showed up at the bus, the bus driver said there wasn鈥檛 enough room for all of us, so after standing around for several minutes, we were directed to another bus. Unfortunately, this one did have other stops, and our trip took over an hour. But, it was sort of nice seeing some of the other resorts, because when we pulled up the the Riu Palace, it stood out like a sparking diamond among pebbles compared to the other resorts. The lobby is huge, and filled with beautiful furniture, dozens of ceiling fans, incredibly beautiful chandeliers, gilded mirrors, beautiful dark woods, statues, flowers, and many, many smiling faces. Check-in was fairly easy, as the staff spoke excellent English. We were given our room keys and keys to the in-room safes. Room keys are actually metal keys rather than key-cards, and are on a lanyard so you can wear it around your neck, if you choose. We were also given cards to check out towels at pool side. A cautious note about the keys and cards: there are pricey fees if lost, so keep track of the keys and towels/cards! There鈥檚 a small shop just off of the main lobby, but it鈥檚 pricey, and best for emergencies (like if you just have to pay $5 for a smallish bag of chips!) There鈥檚 a sports bar across from the shop, with some large, flat screen TVs playing (you guess it)鈥ports!, a few computers (internet is $4 for 20鈥?, a couple of pool tables, air hockey, and a fridge with sandwiches for the midnight munchies. Through the sports bar is the 鈥渃asino鈥? which is limited to a dozen or so slots and a couple of poker machines. The room: The Junior suites at the Riu Palace are quite large, with plenty of clothes storage. The entry area included a large closet (lots of hangers, an ironing board and iron, and the room safe), and a bar area with small refrigerator. Four bottles of alcohol were set into a liquor dispenser. They included Stolichnaya vodka, Gilbey鈥檚 Gin, and a bottle each of dark rum and tequila (brands I was not familiar with). The fridge was stocked with Pepsi, 7-up, orange soda, and a big jug of purified water. We had to request tonic. We also brought Crystal Light shakers to add to purified drinking water for a calorie-free fruity drink. Tip: Take the 鈥渄on鈥檛 drink the water鈥?warning seriously. You might want to bring a few bottles of water from home, and then refill them with the jug in the fridge. The absolute worst part of our vacation was that each member of our party suffered some intestinal discomfort, even though we avoided drinking the tap water and used purified water to brush our teeth. For the most part, it didn鈥檛 last long, maybe 5-6 hours, but really put a 鈥渃ramp鈥?in our vacation. Make sure you bring plenty of Immodium!The bathroom is beautiful, with lots of granite and chrome, and a recessed Jacuzzi tub/shower with a handheld shower head. A large bottle of shampoo/body wash was provided. The towels were fluffy and bright white. A hairdryer and a wall-mounted make-up mirror were provided. The bed is huge, and is actually two double (or queen?) beds pushed together with a huge headboard behind the two of them. There are two bedside tables, with drawers, and a LCD alarm clock radio. There鈥檚 a full size mirror in the room and a nice luggage bench. You step down into the sitting room area, which contains a double dresser with a TV on top, a love seat, coffee table, and floor lamp. The TV got mostly Spanish-speaking shows, but there were maybe 4-5 English-speaking channels. Large sliding-glass doors opened to our terrace. We were not willing to pay the additional fee (about $100 per room) for a courtyard view, so our room overlooked a grassy area and a fence that separates the Palace from the Bambu. The terrace furniture was very cheap PVC, and we even had trouble getting them to stay in one piece. We had to request a replacement for one of the chairs. On the positive side, they have a built-in extendable clothes rack for drying bathing suits. An ice machine was just a few steps from our room, but either it wasn鈥檛 working for several days, or we had some thirsty neighbors cleaning it out every afternoon, because it was empty for 2-3 days. You might want to check the ice bin if you come in for an afternoon siesta, and fill up your ice bucket, if you want some pre-dinner drinks in the room later.Outside amenities: The Riu Palace is shaped like a horseshoe, with the pool and beach at the open end. Our room was down near the pool end, and I highly recommend requesting a room at that end of the resort, to minimize the walk from the pool or beach to your room when you鈥檙e hot, sweaty, tipsy, and ready for a siesta! Our room was on the bottom-level. We never had a problem with mosquitoes, only seeing 4-5 on the resort during the entire trip! The only other bug in the room was one lonely ant that I found on our last day. The courtyard area is absolutely gorgeous, with huge fountains, and beautiful little bistro sets. The vegetation is still in its infancy, but will be lush and full in a few months. The pool is incredible, with built in in-water loungers, 鈥渂ubble鈥?areas (hot tub without additional heat), four built-in tables, and the swim-up bar. A few $1 tips here and there assure prompt and smiling service! (Tip: take some water-proof playing cards. It鈥檚 a ton of fun to play cards in the pool at the little tables. If you like drinking games, go to Wikipedia(--) and search for 鈥渄rinking games鈥?) Our favorite time in the pool was from about 4pm to 7pm, after it cools down a bit. Just make sure to get your drink refilled before the bar stops serving at 6pm. Although they don鈥檛 kick you out of the pool, they do start cleaning up at 7pm, which I鈥檓 sure includes adding pool chemicals. They do a great job of keeping the pool clean, because the water was always sparkling.My one and only complaint about the pool area was the loungers. Like the furniture on the room terrace, they were made of cheap PVC, and shook a bit when I gently lowered my ample behind! Besides the main pool, there鈥檚 also an 鈥渋nfinity鈥?pool, with water continuously cascading over the top edge, into a re-circling trough. The infinity pool was a bit more cool and refreshing than the main pool. The spa is to the right of the pool area (facing the ocean). There are individual rooms for massages and other spa treatments, an exercise room, and a bathroom. On our first day, we forgot our towel cards in the room and walked around all afternoon wet and hot, which led to some uncomfortable chafing. So, I recommend you remember your towel, and a dry pair of shorts for the walk back to your room. Also, take some powder to keep dry on non-pool jaunts around the resort for dinner, shopping, etc. I also was fortunate to have a 鈥渟plit skirt鈥?slip (like gauchos) to wear under sun dresses. Trust me, chafing in the hot DR sun is no fun, and leads to a very unattractive bow-legged cowboy-style walk!Beyond the pool lies the beautiful beach. There鈥檚 a rusty ship wreck out in the ocean that lends a little extra 鈥渃haracter鈥?to the scene. There are many beach chairs and palm trees for shade. There are some water sports available at no additional cost, including windsurfing, sailing, canoeing, and snorkeling. There are beach-side massages offered (for a fee) a short walk down the sidewalk in front of one of the other Riu resorts.Entertainment: The 鈥渁nimation鈥?staff leads water aerobics and pool and beach games throughout the day, and it鈥檚 a great way to meet a few new friends. It鈥檚 wonderful to walk into the dining room or the theater and be greeted by friends, so do yourself a favor and make the effort to get involved! There is a schedule of activities located in the courtyard area, to the right of the theater. It lists the various pool games/activities, the entertainment for the evening, and a few kids鈥?activities. There are not a lot of activities for kids at this resort. We only saw two listed per day, usually a craft in the morning and a game in the afternoon. There were no activities for teens, and there were very few teens at the resort besides our own. There is a small kid鈥檚 play area adjacent to the pool, with a small kiddie pool. There is nightly entertainment in the theater. The theater is quite large, with plenty of seating. There are lots and lots of ceiling fans, and one entire side of the theater is open to the outside. So, although smoking is allowed (throughout the resort, actually), it never seemed heavy or smelly. Service in the theater is a little slow, so have a couple of drinks in the courtyard before the show! On some nights there was musical entertainment and dancing in the courtyard after dinner as well. The entertainment was mostly dancing, with some lip-sync singing, and a few audience participation games. But, even though it鈥檚 not world-class entertainment, we had a lot of fun, especially on audience participation night and for the Michael Jackson show. The Michael Jackson impersonator was awesome! The shows alternate between the Riu resorts, so you don鈥檛 see the same entertainers each night. Dress: I never saw anyone really dressed up, even for dinner. Shorts are fine at breakfast. Lunch by the pool requires a shirt or swimsuit cover-up, and footwear. For the evening, men are required to wear long pants and a collared shirt. Most wore khakis and a polo-type shirt. Women mostly wore either capris/gauchos or dresses/skirts. I'd say that you'd probably feel comfortable wearing what you'd wear out to dinner at home during the summer. But, this is not like a cruise where you have formal dinners with ladies in gowns and men in suits!Food: The food at the Riu Palace was not bad, but not the greatest. We mostly ate at the buffets, which had a lot of variety, and fairly decent food. Our kids complained about the lack of chicken fingers. (They attacked Chik-fil-a at the Atlanta airport on the way home!). My biggest complaint about the food was that they overcooked the seafood. There was a lot of shrimp, but even the cold, cooked shrimp was overcooked and tasteless. They served lobster on Friday night, which was mostly overcooked as well, but was served with a delicious butter sauce, that made even slightly dry lobster taste yummy.The salad bar is huge, with a wide variety of mixed meat/seafood and veggie combinations. Dressing choices are limited, and you might want to consider bringing some individual packets from home. If you like generic, Americanized Italian food, there was always pizza and pasta offered on every buffet. Add a liberal sprinkle of parmesan, and it was OK. There were always 2-3 different grilled fish and meats, and several veggies. There were always French Fries on the buffet. As long as you get 'em while they're hot, they're very good. There was always some kind of beef in gravy, with veggies. We didn't care for the burgers. They tasted like they might have a lot of soy in them. Hot dogs weren't bad, but we like ours grilled! The desserts were very ho-hum. Reservations for the specialty restaurants are made at the Yokohama restaurant beginning at 10am. We only ate at three of the specialty restaurants. I wouldn't recommend the steak restaurant at all. The quality of the steak was about what you'd get at a Golden Corral buffet, and the sides were just plain bad: an over-cooked piece of corn-on-the-cob, a couple of slippery slivers of onion, and a mushy baked potato. But, the worse thing is that the steak restaurant is an outdoor restaurant, and even with the ceiling fans, it was just too hot to eat outside in the evening. (It's the same restaurant, by the pool, where they serve the lunch buffet).The Japanese restaurant was much better. The sushi was OK, tempura good, and the tepiyanki (sp?) beef was excellent. Biggest drawback...ants! Just a few, but who wants to spend their dinner hunting down pesky food predators! We had a table along the exterior perimeter, so maybe an interior table would be better.The Italian restaurant was pretty good, too. I had the salad bar, with hot antipasto and a seafood pasta dish. The seafood pasta was a little bland, but suited me that day. Two of our party had the beef marsala, and said it was very good. I also had Tiramisu, which was OK, but not great. We ordered cappuccino after most meals, which was delicious. My experience was that you just can't compare the food there to food at home, because our average restaurants would fare better than any one of the restaurants there. So, don't plan on going for the food, it's just fuel to keep you energized for fun in the sun!Shopping: If shopping is on your vacation agenda, you have a few options. There鈥檚 a tiny gift shop just off of the main lobby. There are a few shops just past the spa, including a gift shop, a couple of boutiques, and a cigar and liquor store. Caribbean Street, which is further down the Riu complex (just follow the sidewalk at the beach) has several other shops, including gift shops, a nice jewelry store, a pharmacy, and boutiques. The Pacha disco is also located at the end of Caribbean Street. Although we didn鈥檛 visit it, I understand that there is also a flea market on the beach, just past the Riu resorts.Excursions: We visited with our tour operator (VIP) the morning after we arrived. She mentioned that there were several excursions available, and recommended a few in particular. They included a safari ride, an off-road vehicle excursion, and a few snorkeling boat trips. We opted for a snorkeling trip that including swimming with sharks and stingrays. The cost for the excursion was $70/person. We were unimpressed with the excursion. The snorkeling was just so-so, and the caged sharks and sting rays were a little sad. Even worse though, the music went out on the audio equipment on the way back, which totally ruined the mood! Service: For the most part, the service was wonderful. The staff did an awesome job keeping the community areas clean. If you set a drink down and stood up to leave a room, someone was there cleaning up before you were out the door! We were a little less satisfied with the maid service for the room. But, it speeds it up if you get out of the room fairly early and put the green 鈥減lease make up room鈥?sign on the door. There is somewhat of a language barrier if you only speak English. Except for the front desk staff and the 鈥渁nimation鈥?(entertainment) staff, most employees speak very little English. You might want to bring a Spanish translator, or prepare a 鈥渃heat sheet鈥?in advance, with translations for the maid, bar, and wait staff. Most important: Cervasa (sair VAY sa) = beer; and bano (BAH nyo) = bathroom! But, if you ever have trouble, there always seems to be someone only steps away who can translate. Departure: Leaving Punta Cana was a little more of a hassle than arriving, with a lot of standing in lines in the heat. A nice little hand-held fan would come in handy! The only Custom鈥檚 challenge we faced was a small bottle of 鈥渄o it yourself鈥?mamajuana. Mamajuana is liquor made by steeping alcohol and honey in a special mixture of barks and twigs that give the liquor a cinnamon-like flavor. It鈥檚 locally purported to provide a 鈥淰iagra-like鈥?aphrodisiac effect! We bought ours as a souvenir from the excursion. As we arrived at the excursion beach, our picture was taken. While we were out snorkeling and swimming with sharks and stingrays, the picture was developed, and placed as a label on the bottle of 鈥渕amajuna鈥? with a little straw hat on top. The poorly-translated filling instructions on the reverse were a hoot! Anyway, the customs official was concerned about the dry mamajuana mixture, but simply added some rum from a bottle we were bringing home, and then passed us on through. I鈥檓 not sure why they needed to add the rum to the dry mixture, unless it was in case they thought we were bringing home some of the other 鈥淢-juana鈥? and wanted to make it un-smoke-able! Overall, we had a very relaxing vacation, and would recommend the Riu Palace to other vacationers who like a stunning atmosphere, superior service, and an incredible pool and beach for fun in the sun, with a cool drink in hand. Tami  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd time in Punta Cana - Only for Retirees - NOT for kids/singles I stayed at the Riu Palace Punta Cana from 5/29 - 6/2/06. This is my second time in Punta Cana. Last year I stayed at Sunscape the Beach, Punta Cana, and was so blown away, that I thought it would be a safe bet to return to Punta Cana. Here are my general notes:Clientele:Recommended for retirees or couples over 50 who do not stay up past 10 pm.Not recommended for singles/friends or families with kids.Hotel Grounds:Beautiful hotel, gorgeous landscapingBeach:Nice big beach with plenty of Palm Trees for shade.Only problem is there are these wild dogs on the beach that bark at guests and actually chase after some people, and the hotel does nothing about it. They just shrugged their shoulders to it.Lounge chairs on the beach were very uncomfortable. Some were broken and it was hard to get them to stay at certain heights.Rooms:Nice, clean and spacious.A lot of moisture in the air in the DR so prepare yourself for the humidity.Showers were nice and big with good water pressure and temperature.Activities:The hotel tried to have games  activities, but they skimped compared to Sunscape. Theme nights were one table decorated. At Sunscape, they would decorate the entire hotel to get everyone excited about the activity.Food:This was a HUGE problem here 鈥?the reservation system. You needed to make a reservation between 7 AM 鈥?10 AM in order to go to any of the specialty restaurants and not the buffet. If you got there closer to 10, you might not be able to get a reservation. We did not understand this until the 3rd day. When I woke up early that morning to sign up, there was a note posted stating that the reservation system is changed to 10 AM 鈥?12 PM that day. Also, prior to the trip we were told that we could go to one of the other Riu hotels to eat. We didn鈥檛 try but we met another couple who had been trying for 3 days to go to one of the other hotels for dinner. It was a huge ordeal even to attempt to go and when they did, they kept getting turned down.The food itself was typical for a resort in the DR, which is not that great, but it was edible. I would say this for wherever people stay there. KeysAnother big problem. It is an antiquated lock system where they give you one key to your hotel room and one key to the safe. It was me and a friend and this would cause a lot of problems when we would do are own things. (I would go to the gym while she wanted to go take a walk. We would have to set meeting times for us to get into our room).NightlifeTHERE IS NONE AT THE RIU HOTELS!Prior to the trip, it showed several bars and a Disco. This is a joke. If you are expecting a place to go at night to enjoy Dominican music and sip down a few cocktails, there was no place on the resort! The disco was always empty. One night they charged a $10 cover for a band that never showed up.As for the Casino, there are no rules there. If you play the games, don鈥檛 expect to win.PoolThe pool was nice but small compared to other hotels. They have chases in the water that are very uncomfortable as well. Gym/SpaSpa services were good. My friend got a really good message for $60US.I would go to the gym between 8:30 鈥?9:30 every morning and every morning I would have an issue. Either the machines were not working, fans were not on, no cups for water and there was never an attendant there to help me out, even though there was supposed to be one there.KidsI did not have any kids with me, but they had a tiny play area for them that was embarrassing if you think a child of any age would be entertained for more than a half hour there.StaffStaff was great and overworked. I noticed some people there from 9 AM to 11 PM.Ladies should be prepared for compliments. I felt uncomfortable many times by the male staffs attempts at being complimentary, but it would come off as a slimey pick up line. Don鈥檛 get me wrong, I love a nice complement, but there was just something off (it is a cultural thing so you will find this anywhere in the DR)Other Riu Hotels on the PropertyThe Riu Macao was the most 鈥渉appening鈥?place but I felt it was still not for singles/kids/nightlife. There are better hotels in Punta Cana to go to.TipsMake sure to bring a blow up raft and a thermos. Excursions off the ResortThe Saona Island trip was amazing and worth the $83US. You get to see a lot of the DR on a 1.5 hour drive to the boat launch. You take a catamaran to the island of Saona, which is too beautiful to describe in words, you eat an authentic Dominican meal which is very tasty, and get to swim in a natural pool and see giant starfish. The festival boat ride and swimming with the fish is a little cheesy but also enjoyable. (picture the crew dressing up in miniature sailor uniforms to dance to 鈥淚n The Navy鈥?  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tjrazin
<Content>WOW! What a trip! We just came back from the Rui Palace Punta Cana...it just opened about a month ago and it was a great trip. I thought I would give a subject review...HOTEL - beautiful...granted, it being a new property, the grounds had some maturing to do in terms of lasndscaping...but give it a year and it will be as lush as the other properties. The room was just right...not too small, not to big. Each room had a small terrance and you can get either a ocean or a garden view. We had the ocean, but you had to look right to see it. But you still had a wonderful view of the inside grounds and the areas where people gathered. Everything was very well laid out. The lobby shined with marble and the art work was spectacular! Looked more like a museum than a hotel lobby. The maid service was great. Our's really appreciated the $3 we left everyday...we even left some coloring books/crayons for her kids and she left us some real cook towel art. Ask for fresh water...it will come in a gallon jug for teeth, etc. She was always accomodating and the language barrier was not that bad...just have patience and you will get what you need.POOL - absolutely wonderful...swim up bar...plenty of room...had individual tables in the water that you can sit in and even several jacuzzi sections where you can sit in...still in the pool. The swim up bar was great...got a wee bit crowded, but it worked out OK. Plenty of lounge chairs, towels (which you can swap at any time when they are wet) and cushions (that you can even take to the beach).BEACH - again, wonderful...plenty of palms to sit under...it does get hot from the sun and the shade really came in handy. We always got shade chairs and had them all day...we went from sun to shade with ease. The water was great too....not too warm...not to cold (I hate cold water). Sand was like flour...be warned that there is some degree of topless bathers, but we quickly got used to that...totally optional. Since there was a large population of Germans and Canadians, they have a different view of it... The pool boys always came around with drinks, or you can go to the bar yourself to get you favorite beverage (see below). Suggest you bring your own mug since their glasses are small. They had no problem filling up the largest of mugs...BOOZE - this was the only problem I had all week. We like Barcardi and Coke...they have their own rum thier and I found it to be too sweet. I found that all their drinks were too sweet for me. They had a wide selection of tropical drinks, our favorite became the Banana-Momma... They also had a drink called the Momma-juana...man, they were good and potent! We drank these at night...OK, we had a few during the day too! The room was stocked with a liquer bar and soda...all were top shelf.ENTERTAINMENT - each night they had a theme night in the theater...now, we understood that the staff was new and this attributed to the lack of professionalism. One night they had a Michael Jackson look-a-like...he danced great, but everything was lip-synced...it was comical at times, but again, they worked thier hearts out. Another night was Grease, then Domincan Folk. They always started the show with the awards from the day's events, Bocce, horseshoes, frisbee, Crazy Game (which was changed every day), dancing lessons, etc. They were alot of fun...but I felt they should get better on their activities...this I am sure will come with age.RESTAURANTS - The buffets were great...changed everyday. You can make reservations for the upper-tier restuarants, but you need to make reservations that morning...we had no problems. Our favorite was the Japanese...loved the sake! The Italian was good too. We did not like the Steak place...but again, experience with time will improve this.FUN IN THE SUN - We took several day trips (a few hours really)...our favorite was the Sunset Cruise ($35)...they took us out snorkleing and then to a pool off the shore which was fun...only about 4 feet of water where they have a floating bar and snacks. We also went on the Powerboat/Snorkle tour...was OK, but alot of time switching between boats and gave you only 30 minutes of snorkleing...we wanted more. We did parasailing...fun... There are several other tours you can take, but we really enjoyed the beach in the morning (until 2pm or 3pm) and then we went in the pool for the rest of the day.STAFF - as noted above, they were always friendly and did what ever it took to make you happy. Each person greeted you with hola and really tried their best to make you happy. They really worked their hearts out...we tipped our maid $3 (US) per day and that made her extremly happy. The managers always strolled around and asked how you are doing...and always listened to see how they can improve.SHOPPING - my wife went off shopping and found that you can deal with them...but a new friend we met was told that a bottle of local rum was going to cost him $25...no discount...that was a laugh! But we bought some trinkets to bring home...but we really went there for the water and sun...we came back with terrific tans...SUN - watch out...it is potent!!! Plenty of sun screen for the light skinned. I used ZERO SPF and really only burned a bit on my nose. But each person has their own degree...AIRPORT - make sure you get their early to return home...long lines...BARS - plenty of them...all over the place...all very nice...staff always friendly! Again, bring your own mugs...Well...thats about it...overall we had a WONDERFUL TIME!!!! This was our first all-inclusive and we are kicking ourselves in the butt for not doing this before...it's the ONLY way to go!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CoryB300
<Content>Riu Palace. Nice Atmosphere- Rotten food.   showReview(5305099, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fit for a King    showReview(5297556, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktduomo
<Content>Outstanding Riu   showReview(5293106, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jamib
<Content>Beautiful Resort!   showReview(5292596, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RuthyAsheville
<Content>Riu palace punta Cana   showReview(5288676, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Pool area from above  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tooloon
<Content>Great time @ the RIU Palace PUJ       Back to the room  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lyndsay0383
<Content>Great Hotel, Beautiful Property   showReview(5230118, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pghstlrz711
<Content>Beautiful resort, needs to work out opening bugs   showReview(5188847, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Front of Resort  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VOXANNE
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(23264089, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>carmina22
<Content>en general esta bien   showReview(22932706, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>AbyZaragozaEspa_a
<Content>El Paraiso   showReview(22089876, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JuanColombia
<Content>Volver铆a al Riu Palace Punta Cana   showReview(22014961, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Walmont
<Content>PEOR IMPOSIBLE       Al dia siguiente aun sin reparar  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PETTERR
<Content>Excelente   showReview(21770018, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SIMONACordoba
<Content>M谩s que un cinco estrellas       Donde sentarse  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MAD73
<Content>Me parece un Hotel de pelicula   showReview(21475598, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	5	5	

<Author>aquimequedoyo
<Content>Paraiso tropical, nos encant贸       por el Hotel de fotitos  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cordobeses
<Content>Palacio con servicio regular   showReview(20993169, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	3	1	

<Author>mesegar
<Content>Nefasto   showReview(20854952, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>wanduhr
<Content>2 mal im jahr palace punta-cana sollte reverenz genug sein!!       mittagessen  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariita
<Content>de nuevo estupendo       bar perico chicote.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>miki66
<Content>estuvo bien en general   showReview(20189335, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>diva68valladolid
<Content>Maravilloso   showReview(20074905, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>liki31
<Content>Muy bueno.   showReview(19455862, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Voyageuse063
<Content>Wow !!! H么tel magnifique   showReview(19284335, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miky007
<Content>tr猫s beau s茅jour   showReview(18391375, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LETIIETI
<Content>HOTEL CON MUCHO NOMBRE Y MUY MALAS CONDICIONES   showReview(18383872, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Wonni70
<Content>Perfekter Urlaub unter Palmen       Hochzeitspavillon  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Categoriaf
<Content>Lo mejor   showReview(18301148, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Any50
<Content>Me gusto, pero........   showReview(18214377, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>pabloPortugal
<Content>Es un 4 estrellas de playa normalito.   showReview(18030111, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	1	1	

<Author>ventoMadrid
<Content>Fant谩stico hotel   showReview(17894737, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SILVIABABuenosAires
<Content>Encantada con este hotel!!!   showReview(17756222, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MadridSelena
<Content>fabuloso 隆隆   showReview(16844056, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>maneyalex
<Content>descanso total   showReview(16739597, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>copo2
<Content>Apenas nada que criticar   showReview(16404878, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ecli
<Content>Mehr Schein als Sein   showReview(16175899, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>merchi
<Content>maravilloso       k guapos  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Minitman
<Content>H么tel magnifique - 脿 recommander       Entr茅e  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PUMU
<Content>Es una pasada!!!   showReview(13469989, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sevillano08
<Content>Excelentes vacaciones       vista nocturna de los jardines  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>josmex
<Content>Cinq 茅toiles fa莽on Punta cana.   showReview(13294828, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nikoleto
<Content>Nuevo y estupendo   showReview(12543989, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>paquotd
<Content>H么tel de haut niveau   showReview(12356726, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lixua
<Content>Lo mejor del riu!!       llegando  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>chutiweb
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de nuestra vida   showReview(11224699, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>supernanik
<Content>Incantevole       Giardino curatissimo  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BeBiTa_iZaS
<Content>Maravilloso hotel   showReview(8446940, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>olielo
<Content>Tres beau voyage   showReview(7382189, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>CECI-SESI
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de nuestra vida!!   showReview(6763224, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>nimo
<Content>Un voyage d'enfer   showReview(6716069, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>romulusLomme
<Content>Hotel d'exception...   showReview(6699435, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>FrCausHB
<Content>Masse statt Klasse   showReview(6693117, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toutie
<Content>tr猫s bon s茅jour!   showReview(6583312, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Gentille1
<Content>Vie de reine et de roi       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>claus_b
<Content>Palace oder Palast?   showReview(6437895, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Rupe75
<Content>grosse d茅ception, loin d'锚tre un h么tel 5 茅toiles   showReview(6308259, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	2	-1	

