<Author>msbrown122901
<Content>needs work This hotel needs alot of work. Rooms smell musty and there was cockroaches. Staff gladly moved our room after complaining about the one we originally had. This place does smell like pee when you walk in. We had a pleasant experience. The only nice thing about the location of this hotel was it was within walking distance to the beach. If you have a car good lucfk as you will be charged 13.00 a day to park in the lot behind the hotel.(eventhough the hotel has a parking garage) I would strongly suggest checking out other hotels in the area before going to this one.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	1	1	

<Author>lilmissthang22
<Content>Palace of Funk This Hotel is a TRAP ! Just rolling up to the hotel you will be able to see what you are getting yourself into. First thing we noticed, the O on the end of the name at the top of it is clearly falling off. Second, as soon as you walk in, you will be pleasantly greeted with the aroma of a cross between a wet, moldly sponge and human urine. The rooms smell pretty bad too but conventiently located across the street is the ghetto 24 hour crackhouse walgreens which sells air fresheners 2 for $3.. invest in them, trust me! If they invite you to their continental breakfast expect to leave hungry. You can get a WAY BETTER continental breakfast from that trusty walgreens I mentioned earlier across the street. If you hear a loud noise (like a bomb going off) every 10 to 15 minutes, don't be alarmed! It is just the fabulously ghetto broken elevator that is in desperate need of repairs. The room service can be ok depending on the mood. I once called for an extra pillow and blanket and had to call four times till a rude lady finally told me she would walk it up herself almost 3 HOURS after i first asked for it. The next day we called for towels and they came in 10 minutes, so it depends.. The blow dryer in the restroom is dangerous, bring your own. Be prepared to take a freezing cold to lukewarm shower because hot water only apparently exists in the sink. The reason why i call this hotel a TRAP is becasue over the internet there is no way to really tell how this place is because it is in the same price range as all the other hotels. However considering the DISGUSTING condition this hotel is in, it is way over priced! My family has always lived in Puerto Rico and we have stayed in many other places, there are places WAY better than this one in the area for a VERY reasonable price. Save yourself and your HEALTH and don't bother staying here, It's a DUMP!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>teddybear_ang
<Content>It's worth the low price       view from the hotel  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>jessreads
<Content>DO NOT stay at Diamond Palace! For some reason, I chose to ignore the reviews I had read, and decided to take a chance and stay at the Diamond Palace. I was so, so wrong. From the second I walked in through the dingy doors, the smell that was hanging in the air and the dirt stained sofa told me that I had made a horrible mistake. Seeing the poor state of the hotel, my family urged me to inspect a room before finalizing my reservation. I did, and that was the best decision I could have made. Long story short, this hotel is absolutely filthy and in complete disprepair. It is a shame that people actually pay money to stay here, and good money at that. We left the same night. Please don't make the same mistake I did, and steer clear of this awful place!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>boardride654
<Content>Worse than a $20 hostel in Eastern Europe Yes it IS that bad. I spent a month backpacking through Europe staying at $20/night hostels, and this place is by far worse than any hostel I've ever stayed at. Let me preface this with a little about my hotel standards. I just graduated from college. I'm used to staying in el-cheapo hotels for spring break, summer vacation, etc. Usually all I care about is a place to pass out with a bed. This, however, was the worst hotel I have EVER been to. And, for the first time in my life, I checked into a hotel and checked right back out. I don't need to list everything wrong with this hotel... read the other reviews for that, as I wish I had as well. In short, the room completely falling apart, the bed hard as a rock, I got stuck in an elevator for 10 minutes, when the elevator did finally work it stopped between floors, etc.. I honestly thought the elevator was going to plummet.There's a reason this is a cheap [-] hotel. Honestly, $30 bux more a night and stay at the Holiday Inn Express or some other decent place. I checked out and went to the Marriott where I ended up paying $200/night but it was worth it. I have no idea how this place stays in business. They need some investors to fork up some $$$ and do repairs, because the place should be condemned.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Moncho1
<Content>Only if you have limited funds. The hotel is in bad shape. Since I went trough the front door I could sense that the stay was not going to be excellent. The staff at the front desk were helpful. The room was a bit worn out, but it was comfortable. The ac was excellent so was having a small refrigerator. The breakfast was very basic, but I would not recommend because of lack of cleanliness and rude staff. You can go outside and there are many places u can have an excellent breakfast for little money. The pool was not very appealing. The best thing the hotel has it is the location. Have to be the best in all of SJ. If u can afford stay at the Condado Plaza better stay but more expensive.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>drof0497
<Content>0 Star Hotel I checked in to the diamond palace hotel on 7/4/08 and checked out on 7/6/08. This hotel needs to be renovated immediately. It is so run down. The first thing that was wrong is the late check in and poor customer service. We were told that check-in is at 3pm and we did not get to our rooms until 4:15pm. It was not busy at all! OK, now once we got into the room it was clean and cool. However, as you stepped into the bathroom, the toilet bowl seat was unbelievable. That seat was peeling all over with brown marks, who in the world would sit on that. I went back down to the front desk and requested that the seat be changed. It seemed like they changed it or either sprayed it, it was a little better. The vent in the bathroom was so dirty and their was no hot water. We took showers in room temperature water and the water was running so slow. The lamp shades in the room and the lamps were so rusty. I mean what is the cost for a shade. The elevators were extremely slow and I took the stairs twice because it was scary. The lobby bathroom is nasty and had roaches in it. My 3 year old had use the restroom and could not because of the filth. I know that this is not a 4 star hotel, but maintaining the hotel would be nice. It doesn't really how much money you spend for a room, money is money. The internet has false advertisement because it makes the hotel look good, but get there and it is a different story.What took the cake is the room for the weekend was $239.78 and they placed a hold on my card for $575.00. I had no access to my money until today, Tuesday morning. I was back and forth with my bank and the manager and they could not do nothing about it. It was a mess! I feel that they should have given me a discount for at least one night. They inconvenience me in the worst way. I would never recommend this hotel to nobody unless they renovate it and do some serious repairs. I really wanted to show a picture of the toilet seat, but I will save this for a later time.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>GaelicHead
<Content>Save half your money, ignore a little mold! I went to Puerto Rico to help my son find an apartment for himself and his bride-to-be. This hotel fell into our price range a LOT better than the nearly next door Marriott Hotel did, and the location was great. I chose to ignore the reviews. I hope you will read mine, as Diamond Palace deserves a chance.When you walk in the front door, it is almost like stepping into a movie set of the era of the Rat Pack. I expected Dean Martin to come swaggering over from the lounge at any moment. The lobby is clean, and the Casino, while small, was usually busy and always protected by at least one extra from the set of The Sopranos. To the left of the lobby was the Lounge, with an appropriately dark and swanky bar, where Bingo was often in action. In the evening there was often live music, or karaoke. A walk out the door at the end of the lounge area brought us right out on the main street, and a right hand turn brought us to a Haagen-Daas AND a Starbucks, both with a high-speed internet access. So it was easy to get online.As far as the rooms go, the beds were a little hard for my liking, and the pillows were not great. But the sheets were clean. The rooms were in bad shape. There was bubbling of the ceiling both over the bed, and a lot of it over the shower--both were moldy. It is always humid in Puerto Rico, and I suspect when there is no one in a room, the air conditioning is off, thus the mold. But the countertop in the small bathroom was clean. We just stopped looking up. There was a free refrigerator in the closet in the room, and with a 24 hour Walgreen's directly across the street, we saved a ton by keeping drinks and some food in there. There was also a free safe in there, though we had no valuables. It was only ONE BLOCK to the beach!!When we had trouble with our air conditioning, they responded immediately. I mean NOW. Everyone was friendly and helpful. If we asked, they responded. We did not eat in the restaurant, but it seemed like lots of people came to the hotel just to eat there. We also did not swim in the hotel, though many families were and they were all smiles. I asked for extra towels in the room on the first day and Housekeeping remembered every day after that.So fear not the Diamond Palace. I enjoyed my 8 days there and would stay there again. And I am usually a 5 star only gal.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>cuddlyasacat
<Content>Had a Great Time ...People need to stop the Bull The last time I stayed at the Diamond Palace Hotel  Casino was in 2004. When I read the reviews that people wrote since then I was nervous and considered changing my reservations.  I AM GLAD I DIDN'T ! We arrived at the Diamond Palace at 8:30 pm and was greeted by the doorman, checked-in and escorted to our room, which was fully air-conditioned. Our room was not fancy , but it was clean and cozy. We stayed there for 7 days and enjoyed the daily lunches at the pool side for $5.75. The Greenhouse Cafe , which is located inside the Hotel was fabulous also. Every Night we went down to the Casino which was always occupied with happy people and the sirens of jack Pot winners. I must say that our stay at the Diamond Palace Hotel  Casino was great and would recommend it to Friends ..........Word of Advice  Please do not listen to all he reviews it can really louse up your vacation before you even get to your destination ...  P.S * Staff at the Diamonfd Palace Hotel  Casino were great and very Helpful.*  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Trev2003
<Content>Absolute Roach Motel Had to Call the Cops WOW where to start? Just when you think things can't get any worse...I booked this hotel on Hotwire, and that was my first mistake because I couldn't read the horrible reviews already posted on trip advisor. Hotwire is the ONLY way this place stays in business. Arrived at the Roach Palace, and checked in. The individuals at the front desk are so rude and snotty you would swear they are doing you a favor by letting you stay there. After the fourth unacceptable room (mold, roaches in the curtains, dead roaches on the floor, horrible bathrooms, etc. etc. etc.) they had taken us to, I went back down and requested that the information with my credit card number on it be given back to me because we wouldn't be staying the night. They refused to give me back MY personal Information. I had to call the Cops to have them turn over my credit card number, because the front desk was so rude and argumentative.I was so horrified that a place like this was in business I called the local health board DOCA, and filed a complaint.Do Not Stay Here!!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madameadele
<Content>Hotel staff let themselves into our room at 7am! I could rant and rave about this place for hours, but i'll just give you the cliff notes.Arrived at 3pm to be told check-in wasn't until 4 (even though my confirmation said 3pm), didn't get our room keys until 4:50pm. No it wasn't busy. The staff was just lazy, rude and completely disrespectful.There were holes in the ceiling of our room, brown stuff all over the walls, and soiled sheets (you don't even want to know, just trust me, they were DIRTY), the room had the most disgusting stench ever.The pool water was cloudy.I gave my credit card as a deposit for a safe lock, was assured that it was free and that they wouldn't charge my card unless it wasn;t returned. They charged my card $75, which I didn't know about until after my trip. I called, and noone could help me... amazing.The thing that sealed the deal for me, my husband, friend and I left the room to go down to breakfast, leaving our one friend in the room... She was getting out of the shower and opened the bathroom door because she thought she had heard us come back in, instead she found a hotel employee (not housekeeping either) lookin directly at her and then he ran out of the room.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edm7583
<Content>Oh come on. It's not that bad. I can never get over all the negative reviews this hotel always gets. I just stayed here a second time and, for the price, it met expectations. Here are the facts:1) Hotels in San Juan (and to a lesser extent, all of Puerto Rico), are very overpriced. It is not uncommon to easily drop $150-$175 per night plus endless taxes, fees, and add-ons, for mediocre accommodations. Budget accommodations do not exist.2)In the high season, when this place runs about $125 plus 11% tax, I give it a pass, as there are comparable accommodations available for the same price or cheaper elsewhere. But when it drops down to $75 per night which was the deal I got,(on Hotwire) this is the best value for money you are going to get in San Juan.Yes, the hotel is dated and the rooms are basic, but both times I stayed here the room was kept clean. It's true that the elevator is very slow. Many times, you are better off taking the stairs. And the front desk staff can be icy, but I never had any real problems wth them. On the plus side, the location is excellent. You can take a bus to Old San Juan, Isla Grande, or Plaza Las Americas and not have to worry about taxis. The neighborhood is very safe!The casino is small and shabby but there are huge beautiful casinos within walking distance with great service (Marriott, Condado Plaza). You just couldn't be in a better location. For breakfast, they have juice, milk, coffee, cereals, some freash fruit, and toast with ham and cheese. I don't understand why other reviewers find this kind of breakfast so shocking. It is essentially a continental breakfast, just like what is complimentary at many other hotels.If you want flashy amenities and want to be pampered, the Condado Plaza is nearby and for around $249 a night, plus 25% or so in various taxes and resort fees, you should stay there. Diamond Palace offeres basic, adequate accommodations that can be a good deal in a very expensive area.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>FabioT
<Content>Worst hotel I have ever been in - Nightmare I have been in more than 100 different hotels and this one was BY FAR the WORST hotel I ever been in. Just a quick list of problems in this terrible hotel:- Dirty. The room and the bathroom were in terrible state- Old. The room and the hotel needs obvious repairs- Terrible service. Most of times, nobody picks up the phone when you call the front desk from your room or from outside the hotel- They did not call my room (wake-up call) and I almost lost an appointment- Elevator is scary. It is extremely slow, never stops on the same level of its floor and sometimes hangs there for almost one minute before opening the door. I am concerned it can be a serious hazard to the guests- Nobody on duty on the parking lot when I had to leave to the airport in the morning- At last but not least: Disorganized and DISHONEST. They charged my credit card TWICE over ONE MON TH ago. I sent all receipts proving that they overcharged me and I have wasted several hours calling them and asking them to solve the problem. I got nothing so far. They are extremely INCOMPETENT and I would NEVER consider staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midas6t6
<Content>San Juan cheapie We flew to San Juan the day before leaving on a cruise and wanted someplace reasonable to stay overnight. We've done this several times before and the Diamond Palace was on a par with the other places we've stayed (Comfort Inn, for one). Hotel definitely needs some TLC - the web site implies it is new but it's got to be at least 20 years old. Maids clean as well as they can but carpets need cleaning and our room at least needed some spackle and paint. Bed was clean, breakfast selection, while meager, was better than any other of the hotels we've stayed in. Desk staff was indifferent to hostile - when we checked out another couple was questioning the rate charged since it differed from their reservation rate and were accused of being troublemakers; no adjustment to their rate offered. Overall if you're looking for a cheap (for San Juan) place to spend a night or two it's ok.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>GrammaP
<Content>Not quite what we expected... Our cruise travel agent booked us into this hotel for two nights prior to our cruise. We wanted to do some San Juan sightseeing before we left. The hotel was a bit seedy. It was clean and we didn't see any bugs as some other reviews mentioned. Our balcony was shaky....don't lean on the rail, but surprisingly, the street noise wasn't too bad. The continental breakfast was kinda funny....toast and cheese/balony sandwiches, coffee/tea and cereal.The casino was tiny and the bar was almost deserted. The restraunt on site was our only option when we got there after 11 pm, and it cost us over $40 to have a light meal before going to bed (after starving on the airplane). Having a Walgreen's across the street was a great benefit for snacks, water, etc. Taxis were readily available but a bit spendy to go see the sights. It was a do-able place to stay, but for the money, I would probably try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>jrags0951
<Content>Puzzled We needed a cheap hotel in San Juan to crash since our flight landed at Midnight. I wanted a 24 hour front desk. This one came up at $115 per night and I booked it. We arrived by taxi and checked in. The casino seemed to be about 40 feet by 40 feet. The adjacent bar had a local singer who played loud enought to be heard in Miami. The front desk seemed to have a small ability to speak english. We were tired so we checked in anyway.We were given a room on the third floor and I was worried about sound from the bar. When we tried to use the elevator, none of the lights worked so I wasn't sure about whether it would get us there or not. Anyway the key card wouldn't work to let us in the room. I suspect it was rented already. From the looks of the outside, I suspected it was as large as a cruise ship cabin.I went back to the front desk and I suspect he thought I saw the room and was rejecting it. So he moved us to a suite on the 7th floor for the same price.The suite had a balcony I had to force the sliding glass doors open to access.The room was expansive and the bed comfortable. It was just set up strangely. It was as if it had been something else at one time. One door opened up to a two foot square space with a mirror. The kitchen had all the appliances, but they were arranged strangely. While I can't really complain, it was weird. The hotel is just across from the beach and your aren't far from the Marriott.The hotel fit my bill, but I don't think it would have with the original roomThe continenal breakfast was cereal and a ham sandwich?  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>griswoldorama
<Content>Diamond lost its luster along time ago When a hotel has avaliabality on a busy holiday weekend at 11pm and all other hotels are booked BEWARE ! This should be your first clue that the shine is gone along with any hope of good service or updated accomadiations. Our 14th floor room was a failure in all respects. Furnishings all old, bed hard as the floor, curtains which would not open (only 1/2 way), the window in bathroom was missing a pane of glass, the tub was just like standing in squashy mud, carpet was worn so thin, ceiling tiles all mis shaped and installed, etc, but the worst part was the extremely RUDE front desk manager who would not even apologize or try to apease us when they had our room cleaned BEFORE we even checked out of hotel. He treated us like we were just a number to him. This hotel is all wrong. Worst breakfast I'v ever seen past as breakfast. I will be following up on our horrible experience with higher management.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbcito
<Content>It is...what it is..! Alright....I returned earlier in the week from an extended weekend in San Juan, staying at the Diamond Palace. It was a last minute deal through Expedia at $89 a night. (Which is about what you should pay for a room there.) I had been there before so I knew what I was getting into. (If you scroll back to 2005 you can read a rather candid review I gave of the place.) Speaking on my experience only; I had no problems with it the entire weekend. My room was in the north tower on the 4th floor. I had a king size bed and a small balcony with a partial view of the Ocean. True, the room obviously had not been made over in several years, but there was nothing gruesome, like mold or holes in the walls. (Nor was I mauled by roaches or bedbugs.) Check-in was surprisingly smooth. I didn't arrive til nearly 2am thanks to airline delays, but I checked in with them from JFK and kept them posted. When I arrived there was someone at the desk waiting, and I was upstairs rather quickly. All my light fixtures and power outlets worked, as did the TV and remote. Air conditioning was a thermostat, so it wasn't noisy at all and all the settings worked. I also had ample hot water...so all in all there was not much to complain about. If you are a youngish, single traveler looking for a budget place to crash for a weekend; I would say it's adequate..depending on the price. (I wouldn't spend over $100 a night for it though.) However..if this is your dream vacation; a family affair, or if you are the type of traveler who spends a lot of time within the hotel...this is probably not the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kimerama
<Content>unfortunately the reviews are right on Not updated. Not renovated. Not particularly clean. Staff not particularly friendly. Nothing to say except stay away. If you already booked try booking another hotel. Even losing the money you already paid (if you can't cancel) is worth it if you can avoid this place. That's what we did, we had reservations here and then wound up staying at the Radisson. Not even worth the drama.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>YankeeGirl11
<Content>Stay Away I went to PR for a wedding. I didn't bother to check any reviews on this hotel since the wedding reception was AT the hotel, and I figured someone that was planning the wedding surely had taken a look at the hotel first. WRONG. The night before I was to leave for PR, I looked at some reviews here and was instantly afraid. The morning my cab came to get me, my instincts told me to grab my credit card....just in case. Thank the Good LORD I did. We pulled up to the hotel and sort of said Hmmmm....well, can't be THAT bad. The woman at the front desk was too busy fixing the copier to help me for the first 15 minutes of me standing there. Our rooms weren't ready so we said, ok, we'll go to the pool. UM. Wrong again. The pool is the size of my closet and the building is so tall and surrounded by tall building that you'd never get any sun, no matter which corner to you sat in! The little food serving station at the pool was reviewed to be fabulous but I honestly wasn't comfortable eating anything that came from there. So we went across the street to the Argentinian Bar and Grill. Now THAT place is fabulous. Great food, drinks and service.Finally, we are allowed into our room. It was enough to make you cry. The carpet was dirty. The walls were dingy. The sofa I had planned on sleeping on (I was sharing the room with 2 other people) looked filthy. We turned around, went across the street to the Marriott and they helped us get a room at the Marriott Miramar. I am not the type that is VERY particular but I do expect my hotels to be clean. If you want to enjoy your stay in PR, stay anywhere but here. You have been warned.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsRNyc
<Content>You can do better!! We usually stay with relatives when we visit PR but we decided to stay right in the middle of all the action in San Juan. We knew that this was a travel budget hotel. It looked very clean and cozy online and we figured we wouldn't spent much time actually there anyway since we had a full itinerary for every day of our stay (The package included a car rental). We thought it was great that it also included a pool, a couple of restaurants and a casino. We were extremely dissapointed. The rooms were musty and moldy. The casino and lobby reeked of cigarette smoke. The hotel seemed to be falling apart all around us. To top it all off we arrived there late in the day and our room was not yet ready. We proceeded to grab a snack at the restaurant by the pool. We noticed that the cooks at the grill's clothing was very greasy and dirty. we figured it must have been a very long day. The very next day when we came down to the pool these women had on the same exact greasy sweaty clothing. Needless to say we never ate on the premises again. We made the most of our stay by exploring the nearby hotels, casinos, restaurants and the natural beauty of this wonderful island. We also visited friends and relatives. We would NEVER EVER stay in this place again!! They need to tear the place down and rebuild from the ground up!!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>UMgirl09
<Content>Absolutely not worth the money! Run away! Soon as we pulled up we knew we didn't want to stay there! First they didn't have our confirmation from hotwire, and it took them 30 minutes to get that.The hotel wa not informed of our confirmation despite that we were on the list for checkins. Makes sense to me too. After 30 minutes of waiting around and listening to the guy behind the counter yell at his son on the phone we finally got confirmed. The also charged us a 100 dollar deposit, and failed to inform us of 40 dollars san juan tax.We then waited ten minutes for them to find a room that was clean for us. Once we got to the room, we weren't thrilled. The bed was huge was rockhard, my back was killing me after. The balcony was filthy and there was dust everywhere. Neither of the lamps were plugged in or had outlets behind the tables. The ac had rust all over it, and dripped water. The TV had really bad reception and we constantly had to hit it to get clear reception.  The bathroom was really small, and the shower was disguisting. We couldn't even look up at the ceiling because the brown rust was so disguisting looking. The comforter had cigarette burns in it, and the closets had burns in it also. The toilet also clogged around our 3 day and at that point we were ready to just give up. We also had no wireless and had to deal with going downstairs near the casino to get it. The restaurants were overpriced and the poolside one was even worse with the rudeness. One woman directly stole my seat when I went to get up, and no one minded. I wasn't even finished eating! I could go on at how bad this place is, but I wouldn't even have enough room. If the crackheads yelling at 3am in the morning across the street doesn't top it then maybe everything else will.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>IslandTravels42
<Content>Great time!! I too was skeptical about booking at the Diamond Palace after reading the reviews but I had already booked 10 airplane tickets and needed a hotel. I called the hotel directly and spoke with Millie in reservations. She provided great information and was quite helpful. Our party of 10 consisted of ages 2, 4, 8, 12, 16, 22, 26, 27, 42 and 46 quite a range of ages and needs. When we arrived at the Diamond Palace a Bellman was right outside to help us even though we all had rolling luggage. Carlos at the front desk was friendly and admitted right up front he was new but everything would be fine. He helped us adjust our original reservation to accommodate all 10 of us. We ended up on the 9th floor North tower. We had 3 king suites with pull out couches and a roll away. It was great! We had the whole floor to ourselves, could leave our doors open so the kids could move around and had enough TV鈥檚 and refrigerators and showers for everybody. When we went out to dinner I requested with a note to the front desk, since they were quite busy checking people in, for extra pillows, towels, and a roll away bed. When we returned not only had everything been delivered the sofa bed was out and made up as well as the roll away bed.The 24 hour Walgreens is right across the street so when we needed band aides or a candy bar it was close. The rooms were cleaned everyday and we found everybody to be friendly. I did see a lot of security in the hotel but no more than I have seen at the Marriott or the Radisson which are on the same street. My grandson made a comment about the number of policemen he saw. You can walk the Condado 24 hours a day and feel safe. This was our first trip to PR since the No Smoking laws had gone into effect and I will say it was terrific to be in the Casino with no smoke. (I am a non smoker) I would stay at the Diamond Palace again. I have been staying in hotels and condominiums on the Condado for 22 years, had both of my children in Puerto Rico and live on the neighboring island of St. Croix. If you want a more traditional breakfast Fuddruckers serves breakfast everyday at 7AM for a reasonable price as well as the more expensive Marriot. The hotel is antiquated and could use updating but we had a great time and my worrying was for nothing.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>leggata25
<Content>Absolutly Disgusting...RUN to another hotel!!       Mens Restroom doubles as Admin Office  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>voyagerLondon
<Content>Stay well clear!!! We stayed at the Diamond Palace for 3 days following a Caribbean Cruise, and have nothing but regrets. While this hotel is cheap and in an extremely good location, I was extremely disappointed. To be honest, I can't see how some of our members even thought it was good? The only possible explanation may be that the 2nd tower, through the casino, may be slightly better. Certainly, the Member pictures didn鈥檛 look like my room in the older tower. Upon arrival we were allocated a room on the 6th floor in the oldest block. The room was musty  damp (extending to the bedding, carpet  Picture frames). There was mould on the curtains; the balcony doors could not be closed  looked as if they'd never been cleaned. You have to request remote controls - and when we did, it took several requests. The a/c was noisy (old time version - probable cause of damp). The sofas in the reception were dirty. The lady at the reception was abrupt. Half an hour after we checked in, we asked for a new room and were allocated to the 8th floor where at least it wasn鈥檛 so musty and the doors closed. On the positive side, there was a fridge in the room and there鈥檚 a free continental breakfast 鈥?although we wouldn鈥檛 touch it based on the standard of the rooms. The hotel鈥檚 in the upmarket part of San Juan called the 'Condado'. Sleek, close to the beach with lots of places to eat and posh boutiques. While are taxi's are always outside, there's a bus stop outside the Marriott charging only 75 cents to Old San Juan (B21 - runs until 9pm). The average price of a taxi is US$12 鈥?14. Upon arrival, there鈥檚 a free bus service around the town. Would advise that you do the entire route and after that, get on and off at places of interest. If you miss the last bus at 6pm it鈥檚 only short walk back to the bus depot.If you can afford it, go for the Marriott in Ashford Avenue instead (the main area where all the shops and boutiques are based). Alternatively try the Raddison 鈥?although not so grand, appears to be clean. Our American friends stayed at the Best Western which they described as basic but clean. Our Peurto Rican friends, recommend the Old San Juan 鈥?which despite the renovations doesn鈥檛 look to bad (but check the reviews). If you don鈥檛 mind not being near the shops and restaurants, try the Marriott Courtyard in Miramar. Although expensive for the few hours we stayed there ($190), at least it was of a high standard and only a few minutes to the port. While Puerto Rico is a Caribbean Island, in many ways, it's just like the States in terms of currency, shops and eating places. It also hosts the largest shopping Mall in the Caribbean - Playa de last Americas!!! Old San Juan is certainly a good place to spend the whole day - lots of historical sites and colourful buildings, shops and eating places. All in all, would advise extreme caution when booking hotels in San Juan otherwise you may end up disappointed. Take time reading the reviews and look at the pictures. Had we not been in such a hurry, we may have seen of some of the bad reviews which gave a more accurate description.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>XxSuntoucherxX
<Content>Damn Decent For The Money After agonizing over where to stay while in Puerto Rico for a long weekend, we decided that it would be best to economize and appreciate the local culture at a non chain hotel. (Tip: This is a pretty lengthy review, so grab a drink.) The Diamond Palace Hotel  Casino was actually better than some of the reviews place it at, but I make that statement conditionally. First, know your threshold. If you're paying $89.00 a night for a hotel, how high are your expectations? Second, are you going to enjoy the island, or are you going to live in the hotel? Third, everyone has an opinion and is entitled to it, you do not necessarily have to agree. That said... The room was quite clean, the first thing I checked for was evidence of bed bugs. (I've become conditioned to checking for that first after all of my travels.) I searched for evidence of fleas and roaches as mentioned by others. Nothing.  Next, I moved onto the amenities. The TV was as standard as standard gets. It took us 2 days to get a remote for it though. Not a problem for me, however my travel companion, she needed to have one. (Again, what is your threshold?) The balcony was my sanctuary thought the duration of the trip. (How much time do you want to spend in a room with your ex girlfriend?) Once I got the sliding doors un-stuck, it was awesome. We had a decent albeit obstructed view of Condado beach. (Tip: if you're on the front side of the building and have low tolerance of noise, get a higher floor, as the hotel is on the main strip of town on the way to San Juan, there's also a jumping late night diner attached to the hotel on the first floor.) All of the standard hotel gimme's were there. Blow drier, iron, board etc... The bathroom was clean, however the water never really got cold. (Trust me, depending on the time of year you're down there, you'll be looking forward to a cold shower or at the least a drink. Same goes for the water fountains.) The air conditioning was amazing at night, however it's not powerful enough for the tropical humidity during the day.  The hotel itself has a bar on the first floor where a Continental Breakfast was served daily. We never ate it as I discovered my home away from home just a half block up the street, Starbucks. The casino is as standard as most Caribbean casino's get. With a handful of table games and nickel slots, it'll keep you busy for a mindless hour if that's your thing. Friday through Sunday nights they had live music @ the bar. Speaking of the bar, drinks are quite expensive. Think NYC club prices. Do yourself a favor and bring your own alcohol to the hotel and stick it in the room fridge. Unless you buy it from a major store and you're not a local you will pay A LOT. (Tip: they don't have Guinness anywhere on that island, I was warned ahead of time and smuggled in a case.) The convenience factor was quite significant. It is just a bit over 2 miles to San Juan from the hotel. Cabs to the center from there are about $12.00, cheaper if there's more people in the cab with you. The 21 bus will take you to town for .50. (Tip: Have quarters.) The Wallgreens across the street is open 24 hours, and it's easily one of the largest ones I've seen anywhere outside of NY. (Tip: They close the side entrance after 9:00pm) The beach is a short walk down the block, and it while it's not a glamorous hot spot, it's delightfully reclusive and you have the full run of the Atlantic. There are places to shop, and a few places to eat around the hotel. Check out the Buenas Ares Argentinian restaurant. If you're a wine snob, avoid the Portobello restaurant on the top floor of the hotel. Actually, avoid it all together. It's a decent Italian restaurant, but WAY over priced, and the wine, while the selection is deep, it's awful. Overall, 3 stars. 4 if you don't set your expectations to Marriot level. (Which is right up the street at double the price.) 2, if you're looking for a great hotel without spending any money. It is definitely my first choice to stay at again when I go back in March if I stay in the same area. The proximity to Starbucks alone is worth putting up with not having a remote.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>gabbymaria1981
<Content>i liked it only $80 a night. clean beds and bathroom, pretty good service. my friend got stuck in the elevator but it was hilarious. great location, walking distance to good eating, beaches, shops, tattoo place. the food in the hotel restaurant is supposed to be great but we never ate there, don't know why. everyone else loved it. lots of hot guys work there hahaha the front desk put up with all our crap even when we were getting home drunk every night at 5 am, they were very helpful when we needed to find places to go. of course it makes a world of difference if you speak spanish. hey, it is their country. no laundry facilities at the hotel and the one at the marriott across the street was being remodeled. there was one less than a block away though, but go early. shops there close early like at 6, and pretty much everything is closed on sundays. overall good experience, i would stay again for that price. oh yeah they have all the mtv channels so we could watch our videos while we got ready to go out  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobinLucca
<Content>Queen and Princess at the Diamond Palace       Brtidal Suite King Bed  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>theo71
<Content>Pretty BAD This hotel was adequate, but no more than that. Fairly good location. The staff was not really interested at all in the guest. (Actually the maid was, but not the front desk staff). It seems like the staff in the lobby/front desk area were most interested in standing around. I paid too much for the experience.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	1	

<Author>tfmmcf
<Content>Hated it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We just returned from the Diamond Palace Hotel  Casino in Puerto Rico (Palace is definately used in a loose manner) I will say the location of the hotel (and hotel hmmm more like motel) and an hourly one at that, is great it is central to everything, dining, the beach is one block away, BUT the rooms have much to be desired, something from 1975 if you can imagine. And the staff, oh the staff in one word, RUDE!!!!!!! If you are traveling on a budget and if you enjoy a fend for yourself type of atmosphere this place works, if you want to enjoy your vacation and return home well rested, try the Marriot across the street on Ashford Avenue or even better The Best Western on Avenida De Deigo, we checked out of  THE PALACE  early and stayed at The Best Western, now they should be called  The Best Western Palace staying there felt like a vacation from my vacation at Diamond Palace  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>VacationB
<Content>Not bad The hotel was not bad. The rooms were clean and neat. The bathroom was very clean. Breakfast was good. The only thing I disliked was having to walk through the casino to go to my room. Parking is also a hassel. We paid $15 a day.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Melvin_7
<Content>No regrets I stayed at the Diamond Palace for two nites at the beginning. I was skeptical about booking too many nites after reading the horrible reviews. Much to my surprise I did not encounter any roaches or for that matter not even fleas. We then decided to stay an extra 3 nites and we had to change rooms because our room catagory coinsided with a group booking which was due to arrive on the day we were originally due to leave. We were then given a diffrent room with king bedding and a balcony at no extra cost. again, we kept a look out for any insects and came up empty much to our surprise. The casino was much like all the others visited won a few and lost plenty. but we did enjoy it. regardless of the reviews i found the staff to be polite and pretty friendly and helpfull. I would definately stay again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CCsunshine7
<Content>Diamond Dump! I do not know where to begin with this Diamond dump hotel, or should I say motel. I can't even believe they would even dare call this place a palace. I am usually not very picky on where I stay as far as hotels go and I have read reviews about this place but I thought maybe people were being too picky. All the bad reviews you read about this hotel are all factual .It looks like the only part of this place they spent the most money on is the lobby, and thats giving them credit because the lobby couches are run down and dirty. Me and my friend shared a room along with two other friends who shared a room. Both rooms were disgusting. The carpets smelled and were dingy, we kept our shoes on the whole time, The curtains were not even of any material I have ever seen, the patio door for both rooms did not close completely. We had to request remote controls for both tvs, and when we asked they didnt have them. The comforter looked like it was from 1960. We couldnt even cover ourselves with it. The shower head had mildew on it. Parts of the walls around the closet were cracked. The pool, wow, what can I say about the pool.I put one finger in the pool and I can smell the disgusting, rotten, infested water that noone ever even swam in. The elevator did not work properly, it would take about 10 minutes for it to even open up and this was not a busy hotel at all. The most frustration with this dump came at the end when the so called manager said we all owe $100 for San Juan City Tax, we asked for some kind of document, or written receipt, to show this tax amount but he told us he has it on paper but doesn't have it at the moment. We called our travel agent who we booked the trip through and they had no idea what this extra tax cost was and argued it with the manager themselves. we refused to pay and he insisted that our cards will be charged regardless. He was very rude and didn't even have one clue about taxes to explain it to us as a manager of the motel. The only thing I can say good about this hotel is that it has a 24 hour walgreens right across the street, walking distance. And the beach is right out the hotel as well. But trust me, it is not worth staying here. I would definitly pay extra and stay right around the corner at the Marriott. They give everyone star treatment there whether you are a guest or not. I couldn't believe the difference in customer service. Stay at the Marriott, you will have a beachfront view and a time of your life.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jd2be1
<Content>Don't Stay here - I need your help!!!! I stayed at this hotel Memorial Day 2007. IT WAS THE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN. There were roaches everywhere and fleas. I have pictures of the roaches and fleas to post for your review (when I download them)STAFF: Extremely rude. The manager, Mildred Rodriguez and hotel staff member Roxanne were simply the worst of the worst. After seeing multiple roaches we had to change rooms, where we were placed in another room with fleas. Furthermore, the staff offered absolutely no compensation for their horrible service. ROOMS: I don't even want to reflect on the rooms but just to name a few things: Roaches, fleas, non working lights, balcony doors that stayed open all night, leak in the bathroom, toilet that doesn't flush and a non working TV remote, dirty sheets and the towels were even worse.LOCATION: the hotel is one block away from a beach but not the good beach. The beach that is close has rocks in it. We have to pay $20 per day to catch a cab to Isle Verde where we finally found blue water.EVERYTHING ELSE: Casino - bad, breakfast- bad, pool-bad, I have simply nothing positive at all to say about this hotel. If you have suffered injuries I suggest you pursue this hotel legally for the full amount of your expenses and injuries(contact me)....(I still itch from the fleas)  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Brendon87
<Content>Terrible This place is the WORST hotel I've ever stayed at and I've stayed at 30+ hotels. The rooms are constantly damp and smelly, the service is TERRIBLE. It took about 2 hours to bring a remote for the TV, over 30 minutes for towels, and over and hour for a wash cloth. Towels have stains all over them too. Worst staff I have ever come across - not friendly or helpful in any way. I would advise you all to stay away from this place. Even though it is only a block away from the beach, there are better options that are just as close to the beach or even closer.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>navinag
<Content>Honest review by individuals that do not have high standards. Ok. We were going on a cruise and Apr 22-Apr30 and found this place to be the cheapest. WE flew in a day early to check out the city . All of the staff is not friendly. Some of them are but not at the desk.We staiyed here two nights Apr 22 and Apr29. The place needs a bit work as fas as maintence is concerned, but that is not the issue. Rooms are musty, not cleaned well (hairs left behind on the sheets), water is not warm. I guess if you consider the temperature of beach water acceptable, then that is ok. Beds are very old. I woke up on Apr 30 with a rash from something on the bed, probably some bed bugs. I have heard good reviews from other people but they might give the nighters the worst rooms possible. The olny upside is the 1/2 block to the beach and close to public bus stop. I would probably find a decent hotel on the outshirts of the city where the public bus runs or taxis are readily available and about the same price.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>CanadaTraveller61
<Content>Food wonderful / rooms need to be fixed. This was once a great hotel. There are two towers. We stayed in the older tower on our first night in town. Our room was small and appeared clean. The hotel smelled very musty  moldy  there were problems with my booking. The staff was wonderful  the food was fanatastic at the Greenhouse. We went on our cruise (had a wonderful time)  came back to spend 2 nights at the hotel (march 2007) in the newer part of the hotel in a suite which was very large  had a great view of the water with patio doors that opened - even when they were closed (2 gaps at the bottom). We walked in  I almost was sick. The mould was visable on the walls, the floors slanted as you walked and had large bumps 3 high. I wore my shoes except when I was in bed. All the ceilings had water damage. The ceiling in the bathroom leaked. The mirrors in the bathroom were broken with wall plate covers trying to cover the holes.. The bedding was clean. The couch I wouldn't sit on, It was collapsed in the middle. The staff again was helpful in the fact they are working with my travel agency. The compay my travel agent booked this hotel with Transhotel was horrible, they double billed me plus got my reservation wrong. A little time  a lot of money will fix this place up.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>budget-in-mind
<Content>couldnt ask for a better location you get what you pay for so dont expect it to be a four star hotel. however the location and the view from my room was great. the restuarant was a bit pricey but you have so many other option just a short walk away( unos, wendys, burger king) for thus on a budget. also a 24 hour walgreens across the street and a .laundrymat next door.ask for a room in the main tower. the upkeep is a little better i guess because the casino and the restuarant( which is crowded at night) is located in this building. the staff was friendly but very few spoke english. all and all my vacation was great and i would recommend this hotel unless you want to spend 300 at the marriot  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>bkiron
<Content>not as bad as thought by the reviews it was no marriott,but it is acrossed the street from one. we did not spend much time there. the pool sucks. the rooms were clean.the suits(mgrs) in the lobby were not friendly. all the poeple staying there were extreamly nice good location. if you want a really nice hotel dont stay at the diamond.if you do the beach and site seeing all day and party at night and only shower and change clothes. stay there , 1 block from starbucks way cool cherry blossem japan steak house was awesome. marriott has a great casino, beach,.keep this in mind you can stay at the diamond and hang out at marriott . if your white they dont even check to see if your a guest .we used there beach chairs,just as if they were ours, but i did see them take chairs away from latinos who were doing the same thing we were.hotel was at best ok. have stayed at worse  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TamishaPorter
<Content>This hotel need some major, major repairs... Diamond Palace Hotel and Casino is not the place to go if your going on a vacation. If you need some place to stay just to go to the doctor or to do some shopping then that's fine. The place needs some major, major repairs and refurbishing. You can tell that the building is old. It has several cracks in the walls. The drapes in the rooms needs some major cleaning. They were filled with mold an mildew. Also, the A/C vents need to clean because they were also filled with mold and mildew. I woke up in the morning and saw small cockroaches in the bathroom. The lobby area has a terrible stinch of old smoke. If it would make anyone feel better, the bellman was really sweet.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cynabon
<Content>Extremely Dissatisfied This was my first trip to Puerto Rico and it was great except for the hotel. The Diamond Palace Hotel and Casino was absolutely by far the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. I guess the $89 a night that I paid was probably the reason that it was horrible. I guess that saying is true when they say You get what you pay for. First of all upon check-in the hotel staff failed to inform me of a certain amount of money they charge to your card as a hold in case of anything like damage to the room, charges applied etc. I booked thru hotels.com and in the confirmation I received didnt say anything of the sort either. However the amount supposedly that they are supposed to hold is about $200 at the most but apparently the incompetent staff member charged my debit card for $550 in error. This really put a damper on my spending while on vacation because I didn't know that this was deducted till one day that I took money out of the ATM and noticed I was overdraft on my account. While I did get this squared away with the hotel, I was not satisfied in the manner that this was handled. No apology was given to me as I so deserved nor any type of consideration of my inconvenience was showed even by the manager. She just shrugged me off like I was taking too much of her precious time. They didnt even cover any of my overdraft fees incurred by this incompetent error. I truly do not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>nursedebora
<Content>IT WAS A GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!! my trip to puerto rico with my boyfriend was great!. i was a little scared about the previous reviews i have read. but i took the risk. it was not bad at all.i did not have roaches in my room. the staff were very friendly.if you are on a budget they have a great poolside grill for $5.00 a plate. which is awesome! fridays and saturdays they have a live band which they play salsa and merengue. the drinks at the bar are around $5 to $7 dollars. the parking lot you pay $10.00 a day! unlimed 24 hr service. walgreens is right across the street. you can go to the marriot hotel and use their facility and go dance with no entrance fee and play in their casinos. the casinos at the diamond palace are great! i won money!the shops are right down the block. and the best part is the beach is one block down!!!! i would come here again!!!!!!debora from new york!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Flypinay19
<Content>Don't waste your money! We did not have the roach issues that others had but it definitely smelled of mildew! I would NOT recommend this place to anyone! Everything in the hotel is old. The pool looked dirty which is why I did not allow my children to swim in it. The ONLY good thing about this hotel is the one block walk to a beautiful beach. We only stayed one night, Thank God, but for those of you planning on a several day visit to San Juan, Puerto Rico....DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS HOTEL.. It is THAT bad!!!!!!! After returning from our weeklong cruise, we stayed at another hotel in San Juan, Puerto Rico and when we told the taxi driver that we had stayed at this hotel he said that this hotel has the WORST reputation and that it should be called the Roach Palace hotel!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	1	

<Author>chuckcory
<Content>Realistic Evaluation of Diamond Palace by a hotel manager My wife and I went to PR and just returned from our trip. We stayed at the Diamond Palace Hotel in San Juan. As avid travelers and experience as a hotel manager, I would STRONGLY recommend everyone to avoid this hotel unless you are an experienced traveler and only wish to taste and feel the local flavor of the area. As an experienced hotel manager in the US, the Diamond Palace has a lot of potential, but needs some serious $$$ to make it an enjoyable place to stay.The Diamond Palace website is very misleading and gives you the impression that it is a 4+ Star Hotel. Nothing could be farther from the truth. We arrived in PR about 1am after a good flight via Atlanta from Colorado. Upon arriving, we got our rental car from AVIS, which was excellent. Good shuttle service, nice car, etc.So.... we got lost going to our hotel which was about a 15 minute drive, at 1:30am on a Sunday night. After asking a local who almost robbed us, we found a police car on the street, told him we were lost. He chuckled and said, follow me. Lights flashing on his car, we followed him and in about 2 minutes we were at the hotel. He was very nice.We checked in. Small lobby, smelled like a public bathroom. Small casino, nice people. It is a 1960's type hotel. Kind of tired. Took the elevator to our room. Small bed, wall-mounted A/C unit which was noisy. Refrig, small TV, no remote ( you have to request one), tired bathroom, a view of other buildings and the pool. Broken lamp, bed OK, in-room safe had no lock on it.No coffee pot. Again, the room smelled like a public bathroom. There's some kind of disinfectent that they use there that makes everything smell like that.Great location a block from the beach. Walgreens across the street open 24 hours a day. Daily free breakfast served at the bar. Strong PR coffee, cold cereal, bananas and they will make you a sandwich of toast, ham and cheese. Maybe this is a local tradition, but two pieces of toast with slices of ham and cheese is not my idea of breakfast. Also orange juice.Casino small and mostly for locals. Slots and 4 or 5 tables. Not a good casino.They have a small restaurant which serves very average food. Kind of a scaled down Deneny's. They have a roof top Italian restaurant which we did not go to.All in all, on a scale of 1-10, we would rate it a 3+. The only good part about it is it's location. Parking behind the hotel which charges $10 per day. Not many creature comforts. No room service. Tired bar. On the positive side: location, friendly people (everyone in PR seems very nice.) Walgreens across the street. They have photo service so you can print or make a CD of photos from your digital camera. Snacks and everything else that a Walgreens has. Many restaurants close by including local PR food, Wendy's, Subway, etc.Next trip, we will stay in the Isla Verde area which is near the airport, has a great beach and seems a lot safer than the Condado area. Sorry Diamond Palace, but I was glad to leave after staying there 5 nights. It needs a remodel and upgrade, better food. Oh, they have a $5.00 lunch made by locals by the pool. Great local PR food. This was a great place for lunch if you happen to be near the hotel. You have to use the pool before noon as the shadow from the building makes it all shade in the afternoon.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>laprietalaprieta
<Content>I felt confortable at the hotel I had a nice stay. The people were nice especially the housekeeping staff, the room was comfortable and clean. I will come back again by the end of this year.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skywaitress
<Content>I actually didn't stay. I flew all night and half the day to get to San Juan. I arrived at 1:30 p.m. The clerk didn't care that I had flown all night and half the day to get there with no sleep for over 24 hours. She simply brushed me off with a we don't have any rooms -- check-in is at 3:00. I called another hotel close by and was immediately taken in. I think a hotel should at least try to accommodate guests, especially when they have come a great distance to get there; and especially when the place is obviously empty. There were no guests waiting to check in; the casino was very nearly empty; there were several bellmen standing around; and three clerks at the front desk doing nothing. I'm in the process of disputing this hotel's charge to my credit card for one night. If my credit card allows the charge, it will be sending a message to these types of hotels that it's okay to provide unacceptable customer service and be paid in return.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>icruiser
<Content>A very bad experience If anyone is considering staying at this hotel, I would recommend you look elsewhere. Please don't be fooled by the beautiful pictures on their website. The hotel and the rooms look nothing like the pictures. It is old and dingy and smelly.The only person we ever saw smile was the maintenance man who we had occasion to see in our room three times during two one night stays. We dealt with three different people at the front desk for checking in and checking out and we felt like intruders for being there. Never did we hear anything like we're happy you're here or enjoy your stay or please come back and visit us again. Just everyday courtesy does not exist at this hotel. OK, you've been warned.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>n0clule
<Content>Not up to standard They need to upgrade the hotel big time, the carpet are sticky, it takes a while for the lift if you stay in the higher floorsOne good thing about it is there's a Wal green opposite to the building. And there's compliementry breakfast which is toast/cereral/coffee in the bar If you only need to stay more than 1 nite, I would advice you to go else where.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scene
<Content>I highly do not recommend it. We stayed their 1 night. We went to our room, Glass door could not lock, etc. We had to be moved to another room. The next room that we went to was ok. I must say though that everything in the room was working, except the safe. The hotel was run down, it needs some renovations done. Staff was ok, but some members needed some training. Breakfast was ok, but they could have had some eggs along with the sandwich or cereal. Walgreens was right opposite. We really could not sleep that night. We do not recommend it to anyone, not even your worst enemy. We will not stay their again. We met some people their who also thought it was awful. Power went off, did not have a generator, and told people that they could not get a receipt . They did not even hand write one. They said you would have to get it from expedia.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>its2lisap
<Content>Sleepless in Diamond Palace Hotel I was a guest at your Hotel from August 1st 2006 until August 7th 2006. I have bought up a couple of concerns while I was there and I really didn't get anything resolved. First I would like to start out with that during the entirety of our stay we had no hot water and very little pressure. We had told someone at the front desk and nothing was done. Secondly, when we made our reservations we requested a queen size bed and we were given a full size bed which seemed to be very small. We also complained and nothing was done. Third, we had roaches all throughout our room and we complained and again nothing was done. Then on the day we were checking out the electric was turned off early in the morning and we as guest should had been notified days prior of such event so that we can be prepared. Due to the electric being turned off, we had no other choice but to take the stairs, which was a huge inconvenience. Did the person who made the decision to turn off the power really think this through before taking action and not worrying about the guest and the inconvenience they have caused? How about the elderly people that were in higher floors that had to take the stairs??? Really??? Was there any concerns with it being hot and maybe someone can get sick or worse. I have stayed at many hotels and I had never experienced anything like this. Having to sleep in the same room with roaches and no hot water was not my ideal vacation. I was very disappointed with my entire stay at this Hotel. I have made my complaints to the clerks at the front desk and the response was that is that being that I made my reservations on-line I would have to contact the website about my experience at this Hotel. Now why would I contact another company about the way this hotel is managed and about the problems that we had during our stay? Very disappointed with the tire stay. I wouldn't even recommend this Hotel to my worst enemy... So please really check things out before booking here...  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>jazzy17
<Content>Glorified ROACH MOTEL... This place is a DUMP!! The pictures on the site are deceiving. Its dirty and bad smell in the hallways. Glorified roach motel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>catcruise74
<Content>What I Feared I was afraid the reviews I had read would be correct, and they were. At first I thought, this place is o'kay. Nothing fancy, but a decent room to stay by the beach for a few nights. But that first night, all the roaches started coming out from behind the drapes, the hole behind the AC and a hole by the wall outlet. Do not stay there.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>elsa_carabina
<Content>It was a good hotel. We stayed at this Hotel for six nights, I was a little apprehensive at first after I had read some of the reviews here. I can happily say that our stay was wonderful. We showed up and it is true that you will not be allowed to check in prior to three pm, so we checked our luggage in and headed out to town, there is a public transportation stop across the street that for .75 cents will take you to San Juan, so we took advantage of this and went to see the town. We came back around 6pm and we checked into our room, we were in a corner room on the 7th floor. Room was clean, it looked as if it was recently painted, sheets were clean and the bed was restfull enough to get a good night sleep. Hair dryer and Iron all worked well. This is a no frills hotel, the location is excellent and as long as you are realistic in your expectations you will enjoy your stay. We had no problems with the hot water as I read here someone did. This is not the hilton or the sheraton, for the price of 80 dllrs a night you get the basic comforts of a room to rest your head after a day out on the town. Oh and the poolside kitchen was great! 5 dollars for a plate filled with food. We plan to go again and next time take the kids, we will be booking our stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not go to this Hotel, words cannot describe how bad it is Ten different parties took rooms in this hotel, as we had a wedding to attend in San Juan, We all agreed that this was one big mistake.The service is bad, the help is bad and could care less about anything you request.The rugs are stickey, the walls dirty, I have been all over the USA and all who stayed there agreed on one thing, a motel 6 is much much better.I had three different rooms, I finally said the heck with it and said would go for more money and asked for their best suite, while this was larger, it was just as bad over all. Will point out, if you have more then one in a room, figure to space out showers at half to an hour between them, as the hot water is enough for only one at a time.The restaurant was not bad and will give credit where credit is due.So when going to San Juan stay anywhere else, as anywhere is better then there.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MamaofEnS
<Content>Don't go there, it's dangerous This place seemed much better in the ads. When we pulled up in a taxi, we were sure is was the wrong hotel, but it was the one we had reservations at. It is near the beach, but does not have anywhere to change and go to the beach before check in time. They are very strict about this, and would not negotiate. We had a suite on the 14th floor. It felt very high up especially since the building seemed so old, and looked like it might fall apart any second. Even riding the elevators were scary! At night, my husband discovered over a dozen cockroaches! Also, the fold out bed was missing springs, so it didn't provide support for my kids. The pool was tiny. No spa, just a kids wading pool. We didn't go into the casino, so I can't rate that. The free continental breakfast was just okay.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is horrible!!!!! My fiance and I stayed in this hotel the night before we went on a cruise and the night that we got off from our cruise. We had both nights booked weeks in advance. Both rooms that we stayed in were totally disgusting and dirty feeling. The first night we were there, we noticed that there was no hardware to lock the sliding glass door that went out to the balcony. If you stepped out onto the balcony and looked left or right, you could see that someone could hop the wall from either of the rooms that were on each side of us. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone up to check to see what we were talking about. The gentleman seemed rather surprised, but said he would see if he could find something to put in the track of the door so that it couldn't be opened from inside or outside. He never came back. Needless to say we didn't feel really safe that night since we had never stayed in San Juan before and didn't know what the safety level was. Since we were on a cruise ship for a week, we really didn't have a chance to see if we could make other arrangements to stay somewhere else at the end of our trip. When we got to our room that second night, we found the same problem with the door again in a totally different room. Since nobody bothered with it the first time, and it was quite late when we got in, we knew nobody would do anything about the door in this room either. Needless to say, we will NEVER go back to that hotel again!!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would never do this again. I had also read the reviews for this hotel prior to booking, and figured how bad could it be. We arrived at this hotel after a late flight in from Pennsylvania. We did not get the good feeling you are supposed to get when you walk into a hotel room, where you want to immediately jump on the bed and exhale. The room had a complete musty smell to it. The elevators and the hallways were muggy and smelled like cigarrette. We found a roach in the bathroom, the bed seemed as though it was just two mattresses thrown on the floor withoout a frame and lop sided. We refused to stay there more than one night. (So I pitty those who have had to experience this for a week or more) The hotel was filled with lots of young people. The environment made us feel as if we had to constantly watch our back. Thank God we did not have our daughter this night, if so I do not think we would have made it even one night. This hotel is definetly not family oriented. The only nice thing the staff did was refund us our money back and we were able to stay at the Marriot Courtyard about 10 minutes away. And the difference we had to pay was not bad at all.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roach Palace!! If you enjoy insects, moldy walls, chipping paint, broken closet doors and a whole slew of other unmentionable disgusting things, then The Diamond Palace is the place for you!Believe me when I say that there was nothing Palatial or royal about this dump! The Diamond Palace is the worse hotel on the strip! I killed 4 roaches in one night and the continental breakfast was horrible! Thank goodness we only stayed there for one unimpressive night. The best thing was the fact that there was a happy hour! I would much rather pay extra to sleep in comfort and not worry about a roach crawling into my mouth!! I will never ever stay there again! Diamond Palace gets a no star rating! Ick!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>UnkCom
<Content>One of the worst ever hotels       Rusty Protrusions In Shower  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We checked in May 24 2006..... Our stay at this hotel was better than expected! The staff is very friendly and helpful always there to please the guests! We were on the 8th floor room 804 directly in front of the elevator, too convienent! The room was clean, well kept and the bathroom was spacious and included hair dryer! One less thing to pack! The food was great at the pool side restaurant $5.00 lunches fed two people if need be! Also the casino was fun, especially when my friend hit $100 at the 5 cent machine! So we couldn't complain. The location is very nice (Condado area) and convenient to the beach just a block away! 24 hr Walgreens to pick up anything you can think of! And the great Latin Star Restaurant right around the corner which served great pina coladas and breakfast! Night life well that's in Isla Verde our area catered more to the Gay community it was like the VILLAGE in NYC! If you catch my drift! lol Overall the hotel was affordable, very well located and we'd definitley stay there again! We were frightend after reading the reviews and tried to change hotels but we happy to say we didn't experience any horror stories! Yours truly,NJ guests  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fleas All Over!!!!!!! I never knew how horrible could be to stay in a cheap hotel unitl now. My company gave a very small budget and after a terrible experience in the Hotel Plaza de Armas (Howard Johnson) in Old San Juan, I had to book 5 nites with this place. The first morning I woke up scratching my legs and I thought it was my allergies. The second night I found fleas all over the bed!!! the bathroom, the walls!!! I called the front desk and they told me to present a complaint with housekeeping! I had to do it myself! I they would not move me to another room, they wanted to clean it with my stuff in there!! I had to run!!!! Please never ever come here. Know I have to sanitice my entire luggage before getting back home!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>andrea73
<Content>My stay at Diamond Palace was great After making bookings at the Diamond Palace Hotel, I read the reviews. After reading Diamond Palace Hotel's reviews, I tried to change my hotel accomodations to another hotel without success. In 4/06 my family and I stayed at the Diamond Palace Hotel. The building and furniture in itself is antiquated but the courteousness and friendliness of the staff overshadows all that. I requested extra towels, blankets and pillars and housekeeping promptly fulfilled my requests. Housekeeping did an excellent job in keeping our rooms clean and the bathrooms were always filled with toiletries. Parking is $10.00 per night but location wise, it's great and you're right there close to all including the beach and Walgreens. I had no problems with the elevator being slow maybe because of the section of the hotel that stay (I stay in a suite) but my sister who stayed in another section of the hotel (standard room) did say the elevators were a bit busy because of the casino. If you are looking for somewhere economical it beats staying at the Marriot which is almost $300.00 a night. Oh, by the way for great home made and resonable food try visiting the pool area, Madeline Perez is an excellent cook.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only Rhinestones NO Diamond Bathroom needs a rush up lift. Paint job is badly needed. Closet doors are old and got stuck. The room was clean and comfortable but old furniture. Hallways could use a sound barrier. A block away to a nice beach. Across the street a big Walgreen for snacks, drinks and souvenirs. If you are on a tight budget stay here otherwise do not stay because you will be dissapointed. If you want the room just to go to sleep is OK.Lots of places to go eat. Danny's Pizza around the corner was great! People were nice and friendly. The continental breakfast is ham/cheese and toast, cereal, fruits which was good but not every single day! Casino was smokey. We took the city bus for 75 cents to Old San Juan. Parking behind hotel is not free - very expensive. Quest got a discount at $10.00 a day.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>albertiger
<Content>not a nightmare, just a bad dream Let me start off with the staff: Surly is the word that comes to mind but look past that and its not the nightmare some made it out to be. My room, some ceiling panels were stained or didnt fit properly and the rug had some ugly patches, but the bed was comfortable (no bedbugs or cucharachas!) it had a balcony with a view of the ocean but no patio furniture. Ashford Ave. is EXTREMELY loud at night (bring earplugs). There were plenty of towels, toiletries were provided and the tv had lots of channels. Location was great, however i consider this a learning experience and would not repeat my stay here. For the price i paid on Hotwire i could have gotten the Radisson down the street!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont Stay Here! I am sorry to say I had to stay in this crap hole for 5 days..luckily I have been to PR before and I know where the good beach/pools are and had no problem hanging out in those hotels/resorts.1st..took an hour to check in..and had about 10 others waiting at the same time2nd. electricity and plumbing went out on  off at least once a day3rd. no clean towels, room was gross and had to have maintenence man pry open balcony door.only good thing i can say is that i only saw one bug the whole time!oh and the bellman were very nice!Casino sucked..food sucked..front desk people sucked.. BUT I still LOVE PR..My recommendation for anyone is to stay at the Condado Plaza  casino(formerly Wyndham) Stayed there last yr and i missed it this year!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go anywhere near this hotel!! This hotel is a complete and utter dump! The lobby is deceiving because of the casino and the people gambling and seemingly having a good time. It seems more like a hang out for youngerster. The rooms and hotel floors are another sad story. The lobbies are small, seem to be closing in on you and in bad need of repairs. The elevators are decent on the inside but I was surprised that I had to wait nearly 10 minutes before getting downstairs. The rooms are another story. They were clean but the furniture was worn, as if it had all been purchased from a second hand shop!! My family and I were afraid to sleep in the bed!! We didn't even last a day and checked out immediately!! The pool looked worn and old. Not a place to stay if you have small kids as the rooms are high above and have glass sliding doors that reveal a small and dangerous balcony. If you can't afford anything else, I suggest you stay home and save up until you can but stay away from here!!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is the worst ever, avoid at all cost! I just came back from this place, 3/13/06. I must say that I did read the reviews prior to going to this hotel but I was on a budget and I thought it cant be that bad. Well it was bad to the tenth power, to start the receptionist was very very rude to us she sees us there and is still gossiping on the phone then she hangs up the phone and leaves without even acknowledging us. The place stank of ciggarettes. The casino is a joke more like an arcade. The hotel rooms were dirty (the whole place was dirty)the bed was lopsided and I found hairs on the sheets that were definetely not mine and the towels were stained. The elevators were very slow. There is no parking you have to pay to park in the lot thats in back of the hotel. Overall this place was a total dissapointment. They shouldnt even be in business. I checked out on the 4th night and went to EL Portal a couple of minutes away from The Diamond Palace/Pig Sty. El Portal was way better then that Pig sty. It was clean, no foul odors, friendly staff, elevators functioned properly, clean rooms, beds, towels, if your on a Budget and you want to stay in San Juan go to EL Portal. Only thing is they dont have parking either.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst service in Puerto Rico As students, we wanted to find somewhere relatively cheap to stay. Diamond Palace seemed like it had a decent location and price. Check in was the start of the nightmare. They only had one girl working the front desk and she took forever to get through each set of customers. The rooms smelled like they hadn't been cleaned in weeks. We asked for air freshener to be sent up so we could at least live there without choking. We had a flexible itinerary, so we only booked the first two and last day of our trip (we'd travel outside San Juan the rest of the time) under the assurance that we could get the 3rd day if we wanted. However, when we decided to stay in San Juan on the 3rd day, the hotel was suddenly full and they kicked us out! Thankfully, we found a much nicer place around the corner - Coral Princess Inn - at around the same price. After travelling the island for a couple of days, we wanted to come back to San Juan, but we wanted to cancel our reservation at DP and change to CPI. We called 6 times a day to try and cancel, but they kept transferring us around and sayng to call back because the person who dealt with cancellations wasn't around! Finally when we got thru the next day, they told us that they would charge us the FULL price because we didn't call 72 hrs in advance! We were trying to, but they wouldn't take our calls! So we ended up staying at DP and there were no towels in the bathroom. It took me 3 calls over an hour before they finally sent some up. It's almost like you'd have to try hard to be that bad. Worst service ever. DO NOT STAY HERE!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Travel_teachinChina
<Content>OK for a budget hotel Stayed for four nights and everything worked in the hotel with a simple breakfast included and only $10 a night for car parking. Check-in is at 3PM so if you arrive early, you may have to sit and wait as we did. Desk clerk was not very pleasant in the process. The shower only had luke warm water, but plenty of towels and they were clean as was the room. It is convenient to old San Juan, the beach and the expressway out of town.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a difference a star makes.. What a difference a star makes....We are used to stay at 4-stars hotels or better when we travel(especially Marriott Hotels). Unfortunately there was no availability in the Condado area. So we decided to to stay at a 3-star hotel instead..It can't be that much different, right???? Wrong! This hotel is good for college kids who are just looking for a cheap place to sleep after a night of partying and drinking, in other words a place to pass-out, not for families or couples who are looking to enjoy a good stay. The rooms are moldy, and the beds are old and lumpy. You will find roach traps in every corner of the room and bathroom..and if you don't leave a light on at night, or leave any trace of food around, you are likely to be surprised by roaches at any time. We had to call housekeeping several times just to get sets of clean towels after the first night. Eating at the hotel??? I don't thinks so.. The only and best part about our stay was the day we checked out..could not wait to get out!! and check into a real hotel..Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>commscholar
<Content>Not so nice This place really is a dump. The elevators are painfully slow, the lobby is tiny, the balcony doors don't open, the furnishings are incredibly worn, like no molding around the floor. It looked like it was torn off and they never put it back. However, I never saw a single bug. I'm pretty forgiving, and I stay in lots of budget hotels, but this place was pretty bad. I thought the free breakfast was fine, just like other continental breakfasts, and the location was excellent. I specifically asked for a quiet room and had no problem with noise, but the wind howling through the cracked open balcony door kept me up all night (but I can't blame the hotel for the wind). In the end, I wished I'd stayed in a Holiday Inn Express for $10/night more. But the place was dirt cheap, and it was stayable. I wasn't afraid or anything. If you're looking for a cheap place to sleep and aren't going to be in your room much, the place is possible. However, if you can find another hotel for a similar price, stay there.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place was okay I stayed at the diamond hotel for 3 nights, and after seeing some of the reviews I really didn't know what to think but I gave it a shot room was 125.00 a night. Elevator were slow especially during the day. Parking cost 10.00 dollars a day. Great location every is very close. If you are trying to sleep late forget about it because the maids are very loud. Room was kept clean with clean towels. Would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Bargain for the Budget Conscious I stayed at the Diamond Palace Hotel and Casino Friday December 2-Saturday December 10. If I had read all of these reviews before making my hotel reservations I would have been scared off from staying here. However, I made my hotel reservations through Hotwire and so I had no choice but to follow through with my plans. I was thankful for the few positive and/or realistic reviews that were written especially as it got closer and closer to my departure.I traveled with my mom and sister and both of them said that they would stay there again. I would too, especially for the price we paid ($65 a night). Since we needed to book 9 nights we were particularly budget conscious. We weren鈥檛 looking for much, just a place to lay our heads in between all of the sightseeing. Each morning we ate the continental breakfast (7 to 10 am), which consisted of 2 cereals, bananas, or apples (note: the bananas go quickly), ham and cheese sandwiches (or just toast) coffee/tea, hot chocolate, juice and milk. We stayed on the 10th floor (in the main tower) where we had a partial view of the ocean and being so high up we never heard any noise from the casino or the streets. Every time we took the elevator it worked (however, once I day we would take the stairs for exercise)My first contact with the hotel staff was before our trip when I called and spoke with Michelle Rodriguez (assistant hotel manager) to request a room with 2 beds. No problems there. Since we were arriving in San Juan 3:15 am on Friday, I booked a room from Thursday so as to make sure we would be able to check in at that late/early time. I was greeted at the front desk by David, who handled our check-in efficiently and in a friendly manner. Throughout our stay the friendly doorman Juan also assisted us. Not everyone was as friendly or outgoing as the ones I just mentioned, but I didn鈥檛 encounter any rude individuals either.Our room had a small fridge and was cleaned on a daily basis (I think one of the reviews indicated that it wasn鈥檛) and when we wrote a note to the maid service asking them to leave extra sets of towels they obliged. (leaving a small tip could have played a part in that as well ;-) I never saw any roaches, nor did I bring any home in my luggage. It鈥檚 true our room had a certain smell about it (not sure if it was the dampness in the air or perhaps our air conditioner needing a new filter) however, it was tolerable and a plug in air freshener definitely helped.Besides the condition of the hotel was its ideal location. We were at the 24 hr Walgreens across the street from the hotel every day to print our digital photos. Around the corner is Starbucks and down the street there is an Internet caf茅, Pizza Hut, Subway, Baskin Robbins/Dunkin Donuts and Wendy鈥檚, along with the Latin Star restaurant open 24 hours a day. I didn鈥檛 feel the neighborhood was unsafe; there were times when we were out very late/early in the morning and while we always went in pairs, I never felt threatened. Also a block away (past the taxi stand) is the Condado beach. The part of the beach that is the most accessible from the hotel is nothing exciting. There鈥檚 some litter, some graffiti, some rocks (they made for good props in our photos) however, if you walk further down you鈥檒l reach the part of the beach that鈥檚 better maintained.We rented a car for most of our stay and unfortunately I can鈥檛 speak on the parking situation at the Diamond Palace because we parked on the street a few blocks away from the hotel. Based on my experience I would stay there again especially if I were traveling on a budget.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>este77
<Content>How bad can it be!!!!! Where can I start with this review. Ok, I know where.The front desk was unfriendly and unwilling to help. We were supposed to have a double and ended having a single. Three people to a single was not good. The unhelpful front desk woman (blond hair for those that still decide to go), did not even attempt to look in the computer to see if a room was available. She just keep stating no rooms were avaiable. After standing there and going back and forth for about 20 mins we just decided to give it a try. Once we arrived in the room the bell boy broke the pull handle on one of the suitcases. The room was a TERRIBLE!!!! No bigger than a 8 x 10 room. The bed was lumpy and the footboard side was resting higher than the headboard side. Picture a one of those craftmatic without the matic. The tv was a 19 on a corner of the room with a swivel stool. The balcony had a view of the parking lot. Mind you the sliding door did not have a handle and did not slide with any type of ease. The only thing nice in the room was the bathroom, but once we turned on the lights it was not nice. We had the lights off. We tried every single day we were there to change room offering to pay more. TO no avail. The elevators are slow and sometimes take so long to come up that its faster to use the stairs. The pool, ha ha, if you want to call it that was dirty and the towels they give you. They were salvation army rejects. None of the towels matched they were discolored and had bleach stains on them. The bartendar was not attentive to us at all. The parking lot had a fee of $10 a every 24 hrs. The restaurnt was not good either. They messed up our order. The only thing good about this hotel is the location. There is a Walgreens or CVS across the street. An excellent Argentinian restaurant down the street, Starbucks around the corner and the beach was a block away. The hotel room was also kept clean by housekeeping. we booked this hotel it was only a few dollars cheaper than the Radisson. Major regret!! We had some friends that were staying there and it was the Ritz Carlotn compared to ours. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The only reason we went with this one was that one of my friends stated How bad can it be. Trust me it can be very very bad. For those who still go the rm # I am talking about is RM 308.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was Okay The room was spartan, Motel 6 level, but clean and comfortable. We didn't get any shampoo or conditioner but that was NBD. Balcony door did not open. Yes, the hotel was old and was showing its years but that didn't really bother us given how cheap it was.The big plus: the pool bar had an excellent and cheap local cuisine type lunch. The location was good, close to a lot of shops within a few short blocks.The negatives: I tried checking in early, and was refusedly somewhat brusquely. I could sort of understand as the cruise ships had come in and all the cruise passengers were checking out. I chilled in the lobby for about 45 minutes, saw there was a younger, more Americanish guy at the desk, approached him and got my room no problem.This may be a plus to some people but the air conditioning totally froze us out, I finally just turned it off, it was so cold it was ridiculous (I live in a hot, Southern highly air conditioned city too!).The room was on the fourth floor with partial ocean view overlooking Ashford Ave I believe it was. This turned out to be a nightmare. We were kept up all night by numerous loud noises: shouting people, police car sirens, idiots who couldn't open their cars without setting off the alarm and the ubiquitous car honking (can anyone in PR drive w/o hitting the horn every 2 seconds?). The noise seriously did not stop until around 6 in the morning. I figured that staying on a higher floor might alleviate the noise but next time I go to PR, I'm seriously going to have to research locations of the hotels.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not much to expect It is a good hotel if you need a place to stay on a budget. The rooms are a little small, but they're clean. The pool is smaller but also larger than you think. The depth of the pool is measured wrong so where you think it is 3ft, it is really 5ft. The staff is also very friendly. Perfect for families.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean Hotel, Friendly staff, no complaints After reading all of the negative reviews, I took a chance anyway and was very pleased. I spent four nights at Diamond Palace Hotel while attending a conference in San Juan. I saw NO BUGS, the staff was friendly, the hotel was clean. It's not the Hyatt, Hilton or Ritz Carlton, but it's a nice hotel for the price and location, and only one block from the beach. I had no complications at all with check-in or check-out, and I could see the beach from my room. I paid $55.00/night (booked online through a different site). There's a Pizza Hut and Walgreens right across the street with many many restaurants up and down the main street in walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay Ever ! We regret that we stayed one pre cruise night. Never again! This hotel is unfit for occupancy at any price! Hotels web site lied when they advertised this dump as being a nice place to stay! Our rooms were filthy with mold, mildew, and vermin infestation with ancient plumbing that either leaked, overflowed or didn't work at all. Dirty towels and sheets. The elevator did not work, and the halls and lobby were filthy and rundown. This dump's surly, incompetent staff's hostile response to these problems showed that they didn't give a damn. Stay anywhere but here, including sleeping at the airport.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Humpty dumpty!!! This place is a dump! The service, hospitality and the view was horrible! We stayed in room 1007 are were there from Oct 16th - Oct 19th. We had a view of the parking lot of the Marriot and the dirty pool. The rooms were dirty, the beds were awful. I had to go across the street to the Marriot to get a professional massage every morning. The matreses are old the sheets were stained. We also had to pay $10 per day for parking even though we were staying there. Some days there was no parking for our car because they didn't have a section reserved for patrons who were staying at the hotel. The lot was packed with people who were playing in the casino. The morning bartender was horrible. I asked him for a glass of water and he told me he was too busy. Seemed like I was bothering him. No one really wants to work there. If it wasn't for us tourists they wouldn't even have jobs. The elevators were crap too. We were stuck for about 10 minutes until finally it decided to leave us in the mail level. The lady at the front desk was also a wreck! When we checked out she charge us an extra day. My husband noticed as he reviewed the charges. She said that she was sorry and that that always happens to her. ALWAYS??? How many people are they ripping-off? I do not recommend this place to anyone and will never stay there again as long as I live! Oh I forgot the pool....let's not even go there, I'll be here for days.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible...Dump...Rotten...Never again !!!!!!!!! I find it offensive that this property uses the term superior in any way shape or fashion. We stayed one night prior to a cruise. Never again. We would not venture out after dark due to the neighborhood. The Walgreens across the street was guarded at both entrances. Scary!!! Do not attempt this !!! The close to the beach was a joke. 1 block thru hell, urine soaked sidewalks to see a beach that is trashed and too rocky to use. I can only say if I had only known. Now you know.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dmelman
<Content>Avoid this dump like the plague ! We spent one pre-cruise night in this dump in May 2005, after booking it on the Hotels web site. The room and hotel were filthy, rundown, and urgently in need of a total refurbishing. The front desk staff were indifferent, incompetent, and incapable of taking care of their guest's needs. The toilet and bathtub in our $129 per night suite were backing up all over the floor in our room, water pipes leaked from the ceiling, and I tripped over a waterpipe clean out trap was protruding through the room's floor. We changed rooms, and encountered the same problems. With so many health and safety deficiencies, this hotel would not get an occupancy permit on the mainland. It seems that hotels does not inspect the hotels that they promote on their web site.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately not a Diamond Palace This place was nasty I couldnt believe my eyes. From the outside and inside it looks decent like a nice place to stay but don't let it fool youThe service I got was awful all I wanted to do was check in and I had to wait 20 minutes because the girl behind the counter wanted to sit there and chat it up with her friend. They finally check me in and give me my room I thought I was going to pass out the minute I walked in just from the smell of it. I don't know when kind of smell it was but it was not nice there was mold the windows were dirty the place just didn't look clean at all so then they tell me they would put me in a better room with better accomodations well let me tell you I don't know who told them it was better but it wasn't this room smelled even worse then the last room the balcony door would not shut at all the bathroom was disgusting it had hair in the sink and in the tub. I didn't see any roaches cause I didnt stay long enough I stayed for 15 minutes and had to leave and get another hotel to stay at because this place was so nasty I wouldnt reccommend anyone to stay here not even my worst enemy this place is a dump read all the reviews and if you're trying to go cheap just remember you get what you pay for  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I tried it for the price! I must say that my profession forces me to travel much, and after reading reviews about the diamond Palace I was a bit skeptical but for the price I figured I'm as daring as the next person. To my surprise I did not encounter any of the negative vibes some of the people write in about.I was indeed very satisfied. Next time the price will not be the only thing making me come back. Thanks Diamond for making a beliver out of me.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond Palace Mold  Well the first night we stayed in a room which was suppose to be a suite, it was terrible and a bad smell. For the second and third night we stayed in another room which was more worst than the other. From the time we stepped in to the room all we could could smell was mold. The sheets were stink and everything. How could i forget there were roaches. As far as we are concerned we would never in our life ever stay @ The Diamond Palace Mold  Roaches(The Diamond Palace Hotel  Casino) neither recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a dump is right! This place is a definite dump!!! Nothing seemed to be as advertised, the room was dirty and lacked maintenance. The hotel seems to only cater to their casino guests, forget it, if you aren't part of that, your at the back of the line. This is not a place to take kids either! What can I say? Staying at a motel 6 would be a better value by far.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roach Hotel The first hour we were in our room we had to walk to the Walgreens across the street to buy Raid. We finished the can with in three days. There were roaches everywhere, it was gross. The only good thing about this roach infested hotel is that it is in a great location. The beach is less than a block away and there are restaurants and shops everywhere. Stay at your own risk! Bring lysol and raid!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place was a dump! Well, where can I start? Me and my new wife went there on our honeymoon. We got there, they checked us in, took us up to the 15th floor to a suite. Well, the room was anything from being a suite. There was mold or mildew all over the ceilings near the air conditioning vents. Holes in the walls and pipes running everywhere. When the bellhop brought our stuff in, he went to place them in the closet, as the door was falling off the track. The drawers in the dresser were all messed up and broken. Rust on the door track to the balcony made it almost impossible to open the door, as well as close it once it was open. As for cockroaches? Yes, there were those as well, I had one fall down on me as I changed toilet paper in the bathroom, and also found one on the floor a day or two later. The list is pretty long, and I could go on! So after 3 days of this, I had enough, went down to check out, thats when they offered to change us, I said ok. They upgraded us to a suite on the 17th floor, so we get up there, and it wasn't to bad upon looking, and after we had moved all our things up there, the front desk guy came up, and asked if we liked it, and we said yes, it was better. He said, oh well, I am so so sorry that our boss told us someone else had the room later on that day, and he would show us a room on the 16th. So after we dragged everything up to the 17th from the 15th, by ourselves, he know told us we had to go down to the 16th, so we again went down, and this room really wasn't any better then the 15th floor. The tile was broke, the room was a little better in terms of mildew and mold, but now they moved our view of the ocean to a view of the underconstruction side of the city. Overall, the experience was horrible and awful. I would not recommend this place to anyone for the price we paid, it was not worth it.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5th Stay this year This was my 5th stay at the hotel this year. I always get a suite facing the beach and haven't had any major problems while staying here. It's true the maintenance in some rooms could be improved, but I've never had a dirty room or linen. When I have asked for additional towels the housekeeping staff was very accomodating. Some of the front desk staff need a course in customer service but usually I don't have a problem with check-in (on several occasions I have checked-in before noon). Since I'll be going back to Puerto Rico several more times - this will always be my hotel of choice.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mchristie1980
<Content>roach friendly visit My fiance and I stayed there last december, (sorry for the late post). The rooms looked alright, though plain. The noise from the bar was unpleasantly loud and could be heard from the 6th floor. We were fine with the room however, until we found a roach on the wall. My fiance is a lil bit terrified if most things creepy crawly, so we ended up sleeping on top of the covers with one eye open. The hotel seemed to dismiss you unless you played at the casino where you quickly became a prized visitor. There is cheaper and better places in San Juan.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond Palace should be called the Diamond Dump! I stayed at the Diamond Palace on June 5, 2005. It was a bad experience from start to finish.First, although my reservation confirmation stated that check in was at 2:00 pm, the hotel lobby sign indiactes that check in is after 3:00 pm. I arrived at the hotel a few minutes before 3:00, and saw a lobby full of people and luggage, presumably waiting to check in. However, there was no line at the front desk, so I approached and asked to check in. The clerk rudely told me that check in did not start until 3:00, that all the people sitting were ahead of me, and that I would have to wait. She then proceeded to continue what she had been doing -- counting cash. I waited until after 3:00, and when there was no progress, I again approached the front desk. By this time, there was a second clerk helping the first one with her counting, and a third clerk who was beginning to check in one guest. I asked the two counters if they had noticed that they had a lobby full of guests waiting to check in, pointed out that it was now after 3:00, and was told that they were busy with check out (there was no one checking out at that time) and that I would just have to wait until the third clerk could get to me.When I finally got a room, it was a big disappointment. The place is run down and shabby. The table lamp in my room had a rusted base, and there was no clock. The bathtub had some crumbling tiles, although it was clean. I've never before stayed at a hotel that doesn't have a clock in each room, so this was a first, too.Although the staff is rude and the hotel run down, it is in a good location and there is a 24-hour Walgreen's across the street. Even so, I wouldn't ever choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Pierre1999
<Content>Mixed bag at the D.P. First the good points: Convenient to the beach--only 1 block off. 24 hr. Walgreens across the street for anything you might need. Rooms were average, clean enough, but nothing special. Small refrigerator was handy. Bad points: Lost electric twice while there for 4 days. Always had to ask for enough towels and extra pillows. Room was minimally cleaned. No clean glasses replaced, ice bucket re-cleaned, iron not put away. Paid about $80 per night for 2 adults over Mem. Day Wkend. Not bad price, compared to other nearby hotels. Small casino on ground floor. Broken Safety Deposit Box!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so many options My husband and I decided one afternoon (5:00pm)to take the kids to San Juan(we are from the south of the Island)We decided to book a hotel in the Internet.The Diamond Palace had a promotional price.When we arrived it wasn't a two star hotel.No parking,no pool towels,a poor continental breakfast.The best part is the location,in the heart of Condado.What I can say is that there are no more options for $100,as most Condaddo hotelsare over $150.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! My friends and I stayed here - they upraded our room to a suite, with a nice balcony overlooking the ocean somewhat - it was great! The staff was friendly, and the room was amazing clean! We didn't really gamble much, as there was so much to do in those 5 days we were there. The location was great too, seemed to be in the middle of everything! In the evenings, there was a live band performing by the bar downstairs, and the dancers were even more amazing! I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm going back! I stayed at the Diamond Palace Hotel  Casino last summer and I had a great time. The room was very clean and all the amenities throughout the Hotel. The hotel staff is very pleasant and polite. I had a small problem/question and when I went to the front desk I spoke with two employees a young lady named niomi and a very helpful man named Edwin. They did their best to help me solve the problem I had with my accomodations and then they called the Assistant Manager of the Hotel. This Manager named Ms. Mildred Rodriguez went above and beyond to make sure my stay at the Hotel was what I had anticipated. She even suggested many fine restaurants in the area and also sightseeing places in the Metro area as well as the countryside and other towns. El Yunque Rain Forest is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. It is just breathtaking. My family was very pleased with the way these three employees presented themselves and the Hotel. We will be going back for the holidays and we will definitely be staying at the Diamond Palace. We have recommended this hotel to many of our co-workers and friends.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond Palace is sleezy with hookers I had stayed at the Diamond Palace in January (the day before my carribean cruise). I had initially chosen this place because it was recommened by American Airlines and they assured me that the place was safe. Safe?The elevators were almost always broken. The stair well slippery tile steps with garbage on the floors.The rug in my room was filthy.There was hairs and a used band-aide in my bed sheets.There was only one ice machine in the whole hotel. The casinos as full of smoke and the lobby had hookers hanging around.On the good side, the staff was friendly and helpful. The location was convient.I won't stay at the hotel again. If you are traveling and staying in Puerto Rico as a stop over. Spend a little more money and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at all costs We began a week vacation at this hotel since we were flying in so late. We arrived after midnight. The staff was ok. I found it odd they copied my credit card and drivers licience. Once we checked into our room we found it to be one of the worst rooms I have ever stayed in. The mold in the air was so pungent that it was hard to breath and opening the sliding doors was impossible. The bed allowed two people to meet in the middle and the towles were small, and scarce (we had to ask twice in the morning for a second wash cloth).I encourge everyone to avoid this place like the plague.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>diamond in the rough diamond palace hotel and casino exceeded my expectations. the staff was attentive, friendly, knowledgable and speedy. the facilities served us well. location was spectacular. literally down the street from the beach. the diamond palace is a go.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A pervert in the Diamond Palace Hotel Last year on vacation at the Diamond Palace Hotel, I encountered a pervert on the premises. Other than this pervert my stay at the hotel was a good one. The hotel is definitely not five stars but its worth its economical prices. WATCH OUT FOR THE PERVERT!!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>2	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible place to stay....noisy, run down and dirty.... We stayed at this hotel for one night before our Carribean cruise left San Juan and for one night when we came back. It is a terrible hotel. It is dirty and very run down. Our friends also stayed in this hotel. Their room had a fold out couch that could not be closed and was left with the frame up in the air. Our balcony doors would not close once you opened them which was a problem due to the extremely noisy band that played until all hours of the night. Also, we got stuck in the elevator when it broke down. Only one of the elevators seemed to work most of the time. We ended up taking the stairs up to our room on about the 11th floor. The stairwell was also dirty with banana peels on the floor. I felt a little scared at this hotel. The only reason I give it two stars is because the hotel staff arranged a ride for us with their accounting manager to the airport when all of the taxis in San Jaun went on strike that day and we had no way to get to the airport. That was very nice and we really appreciated it. We actually paid quite a lot to stay at this hotel for our stopovers and in Canada I would not go near the place let alone pay so much to stay there. We stayed in both towers (the one with the larger rooms on the first night and the smaller room on the second night) and they were equally gross.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A two Stars Hotel? No way! Consider me a Local (not a tourist) that wanted to stay overnight in San Juan after a Friend鈥檚 weeding. This hotel has been the worst place I have been. First, there is no parking. They have some type of arrangement with a parking lot at the back of the hotel, but that does not guarantee you a parking place. We arrived at the Hotel, at 10:00 PM and the lot was full! We waited for about 30 mins to get a parking place. Then, we were denied entrance to the hotel from the parking entrance because that鈥檚 the 鈥淗otel Casino Entrance鈥?and we were in company of our 3 years old son! No minors allowed at the casino鈥?We had to walk half block to the main entrance with the entire luggage鈥?The rooms are old, small and poorly maintained. We had a room that faced 鈥淭he Ocean鈥? or I should say that it had a nice view to the Marriot Hotel Parking Lot and a very, very crowed street. It was hard to sleep with the sound of car horns and police siren鈥檚 that lasted until 4:00 am. They have complementary breakfast, but can you call a ham and cheese sandwich with coffee or juice a two star breakfast? Come on, Motel 8 or Day鈥檚 Inn has better breakfast!And鈥?I鈥檓 not going to write details on the Toilet nightmare, that was a biohazard experience.One last word, the Condado area is great and the beach is beautiful, if you can spend a few more dollars on a better hotel, do it. Next time, I will!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not comfortable The place was very borderline. The towels and sheets were clean, the bedspread stained. The bathroom floor desperately needed re-placing. The ceiling in the entrance and in the closet also needed work. The patio doors would not lock. We complained and were told they were having problems with all the patio doors but they had good security.It was extremely noisy.It was not a comfortable stay and we would not recommend this hotel.February, 2005  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from this place- the restaurants too We didn't stay in this hotel- thank god- The Lobby smells horrible. We did eat dinner at the restaurant there- Portobello. It was a huge disappointment. The service was fair, the food nothing special and our food did not come as we had ordered it. Please don't waste your money at this overpriced dump.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Hotel Stayed there one night last March and found it to be a dirty, overpriceddump. The so called breakfast was so ridiculously bad, we just laughed.It would be better to sleep at the airport than to waste your moneyon a room at this disgrace.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>im2busy
<Content>will never stay there again Wow, where to start. We stayed at this hotel before and after the cruise. Jan. 2005. Roaches in 3 differant rooms we rented. Water damage in all. Leaves in the pool. We ended up skimming it ourselves. Metal shower rod fell off the wall in the middle of the night. Air conditioner didn't work. Couldn't open any of the sliding doors. The rooms and bathrooms were in desperate need of repair. Maids walk in at 7:30 am and if you are still in the room they make sure you do not go back to sleep because they make every noise possible. There is only 1 person at the desk making for a very long line to wait in. The front desk people lack customer service manners. 1 day we even had to call for maid service. We had 4 poeple in our room but yet they still did not manage to leave enough towels for us. When we called house keeping they got very upset with us because we wanted towels. It is not worth the money. Yes it is a cheap price but it is not even worth that. Pay more or the same for a better place some where else. Very disappointed!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wont stay again The best part of the continental breaksfast was the fruit. The bathtub was very old and needed caulking. The toilet fixtures were rusty. The casino is very small. The pool and hot tub needed cleaning.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Slummy We booked a suite for four people--or so we thought based on the description. In actuality, it was a moderately large room with a king size bed and dinky sofabed that would be too small for two adult-sized people. The bait-and-switch was only part of the slumminess of the place. Among the litany of things that went wrong: the TV had loud static after being on for a few minutes, the hairdryer didn't work, the bar in the closet fell down (which I guess is a good thing since we had no hangers!), we saw some little critters sharing the room with us, the toilet was temperamental, they began drilling at 8:00 in the morning right next to our room, hot water was sporadic, and our keys stopped working on several occasions. Last but not least, the front desk staff were surly and unhelpful most of the time. The Condado area is nice and convenient, but do yourself a favor and avoid this place even if you see cheap rates; the frustration isn't worth it.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Agree With Review of Nov. 13, 2004 Stayed at Diamond Palace, and find my comments almost completely agree with traveladvisor letter of Nov. 13, 2004. This was a very GOOD VALUE. Was there Dec. 17 and 18, 2004.Great location - right across the street from the Marriot San Juan- short block to excellent beach at Condado - at less than half the price of the Marriot. Deluxe Room for 1-2 had one queen bed, but was roomy with excellent view of Marriot area and a peak at the ocean. Clean and well furnished, 9th floor, good height. South Tower. Most customers were Spanish speaking tourists, but all employees spoke English as well as Spanish. As I said, a very good value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MY DIAMOND PALACE VACATION My wife and I just got back from vacation at the Diamond Palace Hotel and Casino in P.R.. The hotel was great. The service, room and staff were great also. The room as well as the hotel in general was clean. A very special thanks to Johnny Arce ( front desk clerk) for giving us a suite when there was work being done on the floor we were located on. I would stay at the Diamond Palace Hotel any time.I am in P.R.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>time2play
<Content>Diamond Palace was OK-ish I stayed at the Diamond Palace a few weeks ago and it really wasnt all that bad. The reviews about rude staff were not true for the most part. The only rude employee I encountered was one of the woman (who looked like management) while she was serving the free breakfast, she was just kinda cold and short with the guests. Anyway as long as I'm talking about the free breakfast... It was juice  cold ham sandwhiches 10 days straight with a few bananas offered a few days. My room looked as if it had just been renovated. A big surprise! Upon arrival the air conditioning was turned on and was pretty cold. I wanted fresh air from the balcony so I turned it off. Well I could not open the balcony door more than a few inches so I decided to turn the air conditioning back on. Well... it didnt work! I seen a hotel worker in the hall and told him it didnt work. I left the room to run to Walgreens across the street and when I got back it was all fixed. The room was clean although I did spot two small roaches two different days. TV worked fine! It had a fridge which was great for storing water  beer! Also the room had a safe, just ask for the lock at the front desk as they didnt offer it upon arrival. The pool was clean and enjoyable. Best of all the location was right within a block of the buses that take you to Old San Juan or to Plaza Las Americas which is the big shopping mall. For 25 cents the ride in itself is just fun. Overall for the 75 or so dollars per night it was worth it!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst part of my trip this hotel rooms are really the pits ...the walls have water damage ..where the paint is falling on the carpet ...and the toilet was leaking....the beds are hard like hell.....the worst thing was i was in a suite ......i couldn't believe how small the suite was ......for what i paid for it ... I will not ever ever ever ever be staying at this hotel again ...the complimentary breakfast was dry bread and cheese BUt puerto Rico was good and the area (Condado) is a good place to stay  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Complete Shock This was a needed trip for relaxation. But from the moment we arrived at the Diamond Palace it was a disaster in the making. The receptionist was rude, the room was a dump, old with broken TV, no balcony, dirty carpet, chipped furniture  hard bed. Upon voicing loud complaints a nice bellhop took us to another room  made up some excuse to management so that we could at least have a queen bed, as requested. I (wife) wanted to move immediately, instead we opted to leave San Juan early  doubt we will ever return. Never again to the Diamond Palace...I believe their advertising is purposely misleading  for sure they do NOT like Americans! Stay AWAY!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mszkitty
<Content>I should have read these reviews before I booked: Because we were getting into San Juan late at night, and were leaving early the next day for a cruise, we just wanted someplace inexpensive to sleep for the night. You know the old saying...you get what you pay for? I should have heeded that advice. This hotel was awful to say the least. We had booked three rooms. In our room (a suite) the floor next to the bed was soaking wet...smelled like spilled beer and the air conditioning barely worked. Ok...no problem...like I said...we only needed somewhere to sleep. However, my sister's room was a disaster. The tub was backed up with dirty water, the toilet kept overflowing, and the ceiling in the bathroom was leaking water. She wasn't able to change rooms, because she was told they were completely booked. She had someone in her room working all night long until 5am in the morning. They couldn't even take a shower (they had to wait and shower on the cruise ship). When she complained to management, she was told that because she booked it thru Hotels.com, she would have take it up with them. The hotel management was not helpful at all. Not sure what the outcome of that will be as we booked these rooms and paid in advance. Bottom line....DON'T stay at Diamond Palace Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond Dud   showReview(2267044, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe "Expedia's" hype!   showReview(2173303, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worse hotel ever !!!!!!   showReview(1765844, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every thing about this hotel was atrocious!!!!   showReview(1740326, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad place to stay   showReview(1666792, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slimmyd95
<Content>Diamond Dump, indeed!   showReview(1646474, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond Dump!   showReview(1558027, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value!   showReview(1509768, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel in good location in condado area   showReview(1384964, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inkwave17
<Content>Good location but not the fanciest place   showReview(1276299, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jacricri
<Content>a 茅viter   showReview(21322060, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>hitechPuertoRico
<Content>Hotel solo para morir!!!   showReview(17196162, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>usabarbie
<Content>vamos a ver que pasa.   showReview(13989103, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jesusalvarez
<Content>Me defraudo el hotel y el servicio   showReview(12390395, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ylen
<Content>Es una pena   showReview(5926289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	1	1	

