<Author>robb&cindy
<Content>The Worst Hotel Ever - Cockroaches  We stayed at the Days Inn Miami International Airport on December 6th. There were a total of 12 people in our party, renting 4 rooms for one night before a cruise the next day. We stayed at this hotel because they said they had a free airport shuttle and a free shuttle to the cruise line. The latter is a lie but more about that later. The 6 who were in our party all arrived at the airport and we called for the shuttle pickup. We waited outside at the arrivals for 2 hours! We kept calling and they kept saying that the driver was on his way, but we saw almost every other hotel van go by except for ours. After 90 minutes, we saw the van but it was full. I stopped him and told him we had been waiting and he said he would be back in 10 minutes. It took another 30 minutes and multiple phone calls before he was back to pick us up. When we finally arrived we were given a room on the 4th floor. All I can say is the room was very old, had a musty smell and was not at all pleasant. Since we had waited so long, we went to the restaurant downstairs. The front desk manager told us that happy hour was going until 10pm. When we got there, they said it was only until 8pm. We ordered a beer and it was $5 for a regular 12 oz Bud Light, but they brought two. That is the happy hour special. After 8, the beers are $5 each and all the other drinks are much overpriced. The music started and we realized we were in some sort of Latin pickup bar. It was a very sleazy type of club and gave the impression this was more a local pickup club. We ordered food, a basic burger, which was not cooked very well and other meals and appetizers for the group and it was all not very good. Being tired, we went up to our room. As I pulled back the sheets, a cockroach ran across the bed. We killed it and were beginning to worry. A few minutes later another one came from behind the headboard. I went to the front desk and they gave us another room on the 3rd floor. We moved everything in the room looking for more cockroaches but did not see any in the new room, but it still was an uncomfortable evening. A few members of our group when down to eat breakfast in the morning and found it to be inedible and very expensive. They walked about a mile to a Wendy鈥檚, where they found a dead chicken in the road. When we assembled for our shuttle to the port in the morning, the front desk clerk informed us that is was $6 per room for the shuttle. Beware - No free shuttle to the port 鈥?plus then they expected a tip for handling the luggage on top of that. Overall, it was a terrible dirty hotel. The service was very poor and what they list on the website for free services is not even close to what this hotel offers. This hotel is also not in a very safe location and there is nothing within walking distance for food, shopping, etc. I would highly recommend that you pay a little extra and stay somewhere safer and much cleaner. After our cruise we stayed at the Hyatt Summerfield Suites and it was an absolute fantastic hotel. Good luck鈥︹€?/p>  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>javo
<Content>Beware of untruths! We stayed at the Days Inn MIA two nights in december book-ending a cruise experience. Each night the room we had was clean and spacious- that is the only thing that raises my review above a terrible rating. They do NOT have free shuttle service to the cruise port. They charge six dollars per person and before you head to the port, the driver collects for dollars per person for baggage fees. The restaurant is really a joke. Very limited menus, poor service, etc. What makes this worse is there are really no other places within reasonable walking distance as options if you arrive without a car as we did. There is NO free internet service. The idea of any kind of service from staff is laughable. The shuttle to and from the airport was fine and the driver pleasant.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	2	1	1	

<Author>fmca95758
<Content>I truely bad experience I stayed in this hotel the night of the 17th to the 18th of December 2008. Breakfast was at 08:00, actually the latest I have ever encountered. Check out time was at 11:00, the earliest I have ever encountered. Due to the rush I forgot my toilettry bag worth at about 250.00 dollars. They tell me they did not find it???? A total lost. Wow, this is something.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	2	2	

<Author>1_Weary_Traveller
<Content>Worst Service Imaginable We had the misfortune of a broken shower faucet in what was an otherwise reasonable room. After 3 hours of pleading with the front desk to either move to a room that had a working shower or even just use the shower in a vacant room, all to no avail, the front desk clerk came up to see if he could address the problem personally. At this point the owner/manager discovered that the clerk had left his desk for a considerable amount of time (there is a video camera on the front desk for security purposes) and rang to reprimand the clerk. This brought on a bitter and profane dispute between the clerk and the owner/manager. We checked out immediately to find another, better hotel.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melimeli60610
<Content>Worst. Hotel. Ever. First, I tried to book this hotel online (after having been gulled by what seemed to be a reasonable description on their website). The reservation didn't go through, so I called them directly; the fellow at the front desk actually got into an argument with me about how the rate was only available online and since I called in person I would have to pay more; after a little bickering he gave me the cheaper rate. That should have been my sign to go elsewhere, because when I finally got to this place (after having to drive round and round through some seriously dodgy neighborhoods to get there in horrible Miami rush hour traffic) it reeked of smoke from the restaurant/nightclub just off the lobby. The building was filthy, the patrons were constantly in and out of the rooms, slamming doors at all hours of the night, and honestly saran wrap would have been more soundproof than the windows in the room. Then, when I finally checked out and fled the premises on the first shuttle to the airport at 5am, the parking lot was full of working girls and their special friends who were just leaving the still-busy nightclub. (That explained the constant traffic and door slamming in the hallway.) The front desk staff was pleasant enough, the room was clean enough, and the bed was comfortable and bedbug free (I checked), but the incessant noise and sense of danger kept me from getting more than about 45 minutes of sleep all night (in spite of the furniture that i piled in front of the door). Do yourself a favor and spend the extra $50/night to stay at a better hotel in a safer neighborhood.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaU.s.
<Content>What a dump!!! Ok first of all we were looking for an inexpensive hotel to stay at before our cruise. Let me tell you-you truly get what you pay for! The hotel (or really motel) states they will pick you up from Miami Int'l Airport. My husband and I stood outside the door they told us to be at for over an hour. I really think the van driver was either taking a nap somwhere or on a so called break. It was very difficult to communicate with the hotel staff due to the language barrier, most people in Florida speak spanish. Finally after 1 hour the van comes rolling up, he stated he drove around a few times but we both know he never did. After arriving at the hotel check-in went smooth. For the pickup issue we were given $25 off our room which was nice. Ended up paying after tax $85 which was so not worth it!As for the property and the room, there is not much to say but-ick! This hotel attracts many weirdo's to it. The room was so small, we barely had room to open and store 3 suit cases. The bed was hard and beware they only leave you 1 wash cloth, 1 bath towel  1 hand towel. All are not delivered to the room until way after 4 pm. The door was not sealed propertly, you could see daylight all around the door. I was just waiting for bugs to come out but never actually saw any. When we first arrived I had on clean white socks after walking on the floor my socks turned (not kidding) black--how disgusting!! This property is not in the best part of town, I didn't feel safe and thought gun shots could fly at any second.I am not a picky person when it comes to hotels but this one takes the cake for the worst I have ever been in. Beware!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>donot
<Content>Beware CREDIT CARD FRAUD! I stayed here in Dec/07 so this review might seem rather late, but I just have to add my comments after reading the review posted here Aug 4, 2008. My daughter's family, who lives in another city, and I met up and stayed here before a cruise. We had 2 separate rooms and we each paid with our own credit cards. Other than the cruise ship, this is the only business we had in common where we both used our own credit cards. Lo and behold, about 6 months later we both had unauthorized charges on our credit cards. The fraudulent charges on both cards all originated from the same Miami area district and all occurred around the same time. We informed the credit card company of this coincidence, but based on the other reviewer's recent experience it appears that using your credit card here is still very risky. As far as the hotel itself, this place is cheap and you get what you pay for, nothing fancy but clean. It's ok if you just need to get some sleep overnight pre-cruise. The shuttle service from the airport and to port was good. The food at the restaurant was awful, but there's nothing else nearby if you don't have a car.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Haterooms
<Content>It was actually okay Overall we thought this would have been a bad hotel, but when we got there we were surprised. The room is not spectacular but it does serve your purpose if you are staying for a few nights. The Wifi connection in the room is really fast and the TV channels come through clear. The bed is comfortable, we felt safe in the room. The gym downstairs does not have any working equipment but that does not really matter, you could get up early and go for a brisk walk. There is not much amenities around the hotel. The hotel does offer a shuttle to the port, so if you are going on a cruise this is really helpful. The shuttle is not 100% free the driver does charge $2, which really is not bad at all. One last thing the water pressure in the room was not as a strong and at times we did not get hot water. Overall we would stay again, but only for a few days.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>bjtabree
<Content>Well, Let's Just Get High/ Unacceptable!!!!!!!!!!! Well let's just say that the negative reviews were right on the money. Not only is the service questionable, hotel near run down, and not the cleanest, they had patrons in the hotel rooms SMOKING MARIJUANA. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk clerk/manager or whatever, he said I know, I've been smelling it to but there's nothing I can do about it. Maybe he was , i'll digress. These people would not even go investigate which room or rooms it was coming from and when I mentioned the police he says well they are corrupt and they won't do anything about it either. Now come on; it really peed me off too because 20 of our family was staying here and some were older and I had my 4 year old daughter. You can see the hotel from the express way coming in and it looks like a no man's land with wood bearing and weeds. The picture on the website is very misleading. At least the pool felt good. I've used two different Days Inn properties, twice in Florida in the last 5 years and even subscribed to them through email because of there low prices BUT THIS IS RIDICULOUS. The first time was not the greatest and this time was totally UNACCEPTABLE even if we were only there for 2 days prior to a cruise. I HAVE UNSUBSCRIBED TO DAYS INN AND WILL NO LONGER RECOMMEND OR PATRONAGE.Never Ever Again  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>easygoingwesternUS
<Content>Book with Caution We stayed at this hotel on two separate one night bookings; beginning and end of a trip. The airport shuttle left much to be desired, the room was adequate, the restaurant mediocre; front desk service very lax. We used a separate credit card each time; six months later both those credit card numbers were being used for unauthorized purchases in the Miami area. Yet we had not lost our cards. The only 'common' transaction on each card was this hotel. Please be careful with your credit card number when you stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>conductor2
<Content>Don't ever stay here the other reviews are right!!!! All of the reviews below are correct. I went to this hotel on a very stressful business trip. What a nightmare!! It is a horrible place. The whole hotel is made up to look like a regular Days Inn, but that is the end of anything like a good Days Inn. The rooms are filthy, the staff is the rudest I have every encountered. Their non-service verged on pure hostility. The vents in the bathrooms are broken and the staff says that its just too bad, they were going to catch on fire so they turned them off and have no idea when they will ever be fixed. We had to shower with our room door open to ventilate the bathroom. The plugs were so old and worn that when I plugged in my Laptop the cable kept falling our of the plug. When we asked for a towel, (because the cleaning staff doesn't clean or leave you towels), I had to walk to the front desk to get them. It just goes on and on, DON'T STAY THERE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>deedeelee
<Content>hated it! Unless you are desperate to save a dollar, do not stay here! We stayed the night before a cruise. They had a courtesy shuttle to the port, but the driver charged us a $2 per person luggage handling fee. The place is run down. They advertise a fitness room, but 3 out of the 5 machines were broken and it was filthy! Also, there is NOTHING around there. Although I have to say; the shuttle picked us up promptly at the airport, and the front desk people were very nice to us. But it really kind of grossed me out!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	1	

<Author>pastordelight
<Content>Left Me stranded I had a confirmed reservation that i had made three weeks prior to leaving Ok when arrived at airport and called for shuttle they told me that my reservation was cancled!! Three weeks and they couldnt even send me an emai...maybe they gave my room away since our flight did not come in until 10:30pm? I will never trust a Days Inn to honor their reservations...BEWARE!!! We did eventually find another hotel but it cost us twice as much as we had budgeted...  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swmboMontreal
<Content>Do Not Go There My elderly parents stayed there prior to taking a cruise. They don't have internet so they phoned in their reservation to the call center. When they arrived at the hotel, they were told they were a day late and were charged a no-show fee. The hotel staff provided no help and would not refund their credit card.They wrote to the head office complaining about the mistake. The head office's reply was that my parents had made a mistake on the internet reservation - they don't have internet, don't know how to use it and as mentioned above, booked via the call center.After checking other sites, it turns out the Days Inn in general rip off their customers by not honouring their cancellation policies or in this case, committed complete fraud on a pair of seniors. NEVER EVER BOOK DAYS INN - especially in Miami.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>freetobeme2008
<Content>Horrible Experience! If you value your life and your hard earned money, you will stay at another hotel! This place is thoroughly disgusting, and the staff are unaccomodating. To avoid a horrible experience, DO NOT CONSIDER THIS HOTEL, STAY AT ANOTHER AIRPORT PROPERTY. This place should be shut down, and condemned.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MalibuStace
<Content>Too bad, it is still so bad. This is a basic place. The lights flickered in the hallway like a horror movie. Elevator was cracked and creaky. I had an OK time in the bar and the staff were very helpful and stored my luggage and kept it safe but it was far from the cleanest place I have ever stayed.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	3	3	

<Author>n756tk
<Content>Hated this dump 1st of all, don't call the hotel for a price, go to the Days Inn web site. And the best thing about the hotel is that the reservation department told me to do this as it was cheaper then calling the hotel directly. The other good news is that they have a shuttle.The hotel is a dump. They also charged for a safe even when you do not use it. We were there 7 hours waiting for our connecting flight. They added $2.14 for the safe. Wierd. Why don't they be honest and just adjust the price up front. The rooms were old and musty. We will never go back.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>gooooogirl
<Content>All-Time Worst Hotel Ever!!! I am embarrased to say that I ever stayed here. Funny, I actually stayed at this hotel in 1996 and it sounds like it never changed. I remember this place because it was the WORST STAY I EVER HAD. The front desk was horribly rude, but it was late and we were going to check out early the next morning. When we checked in there was an armed guard sitting outside the front office that you had to be buzzed into enter. We were given the wrong room and card key and walked in on a couple of people sleeping. When we finally got to our room, it smelled horrible, like stale cigarettes, it looked like somebody had been sitting on the bed and they had left there pakage of Marlboro Reds on the bed. The walls wer e so filthy that they had sticky gunk running down them. We tried to get a pizza delivered, but nobody would deliver there. It smelled so bad, I told my husband just shut off the light and lets go to sleep so it will be over soon. I was too tired to check out. Halfway through the night, I couldn't take the smell...under the bed we discovered a DIRTY DIAPER. Disgusting! When we checked out, within a few hours of checking in; the front desk was disinterested in our complaints.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>teach32
<Content>Not Bad for the Price We stayed for one night before going on our cruise. The shuttle did take a while to catch from the airport, but it finally came. Checkin was fine. The room was non smoking and clean (I always check the beds thouroughly !) The bathroom was okay and the AC and TV worked fine. We sat by the pool for a bit and it was clean . The noise from the highway is loud, but you couldn't hear it in the room.The shuttle to the cruise ship was free with no problems. We also stayed for one night upon our return. No problems once agian. The breakfast buffet should be free like they are in the North. To charge 6.00 pp for juice, milk from a jug, and generic muffins or little bagels is a rip off. I've never eaten off of white sheets of paper before!I would stay here again because of the proximaty to the airport and the highway(my daughter was meeting us there)  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fall_Line
<Content>A $170 Motel 6 This property has clearly surveyed the Miami hospitality market and concluded that they can charge $170 for the level of service that one would expect in a $70 hotel.The airport shuttle is very problematic. We waited an hour, despite calling three times. I warned others in my group who were arriving later, and their experience was even worse. One waited and hour and a half, then finally cancelled her reservation and booked another hotel. My other friend called several times and after an hour was told the shuttle had stopped running and she had to get a cab (the hotel did reimburse her cab fare, however).The lobby area is musty and dingy and there was only one functional ice machine in the entire hotel-- and the ice had flecks of dirt embedded in it. The hotel also charges $6.50 for breakfast and $2.00 for coffee, which I found quite irksome, as most hotels in this class include breakfast (and charge less per room).On the upside: the sheets were clean, the room was pretty quiet despite being next to the highway (and a Saturday night), and the shower pressure was good. I actually got a fairly decent night's sleep. The shuttle to the port was also fine-- it got a bit of a late start but we got there in plenty of time. (They used a larger shuttle bus with a trailer, in contrast to the single van they use for the airport shuttle)  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>mahme
<Content>1980's Hotel, Not Friendly Staff Upon check-in, the reception lady was rather rude. I asked for a wake up call the next morning which was never made.Apart from that, I did not expect too much from this hotel. Given the price and the fact that it is a Days Inn. However, it seems this is one of the worse Days Inns.Room felt old. The reception made me feel like I was oin 1978 or something..  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>p0rtland
<Content>Don't stay here! We chose Days Inn for a couple of reasons. First we have stayed in Days Inn facilities in other parts of the country and had an expectation of cleanliness and service. We also understood that there was free shuttle service both from the airport and to the port of Miami.When we arrived at the Miami International Airport we contacted the Day鈥檚 Inn Hotel and were informed by the front desk personnel that a shuttle ran every 15 minutes. We were asked our location and told that a shuttle would be sent directly to us, and that the shuttle runs EVERY 15 MINUTES. After waiting more than 30 minutes, we called again to request a shuttle pick up. We were again informed that the shuttle runs every 15 minutes, that there were lots of arrivals and that a shuttle was already on the way to us. After more than an hour, we called a third time to inquire about a shuttle pick up. We were finally picked up about 90 minutes after our first call to the hotel.Upon arrival, we checked in and proceeded to our room. Our rooms had been booked more than 6 months in advance. We reserved non-smoking rooms, but when we opened the door to our room, it was clearly not a non-smoking room. The front desk personnel were more than helpful in correcting this and quickly moved us to another room. Apparently they made no note of the change.After waking at 2:30 am and traveling more than 10 hours to Miami, we grabbed a bite to eat at the onsite restaurant and retired for the evening. Sometime around 9:30 pm we awoke to the sound of someone opening our hotel room door. My husband quickly got out of bed and informed the guest on the other side of the door that they must be trying to open the wrong room, after which he returned to bed and we went back to sleep. At approximately 10:15, a knock on the door woke us again. It was the front desk personnel wanting to know who was in the room and to whom the room was registered. My husband graciously responded, then returned to bed. Sometime around 11:20, another knock on the door from front desk personnel woke us to once again request registration confirmation. Needless to say we were exhausted and frustrated.I have photos of the filthy sheets that were on one of the beds, and the broken door stop which made it difficult to enter and exit the room with luggage.As we boarded the 鈥渇ree鈥?shuttle to the port, we were informed that the shuttle was free for passengers, but there was a charge for our luggage. Although it was a nominal charge, the shuttle should not be advertised as free when there is a charge of any kind. We were very dissatisfied with the level of service and condition of this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Charleston_SCSam333
<Content>Beware- they don't honor reservations, even if prepaid We reserved rooms at this hotel for two different nights, before and after a trip to South America. Rooms were prepaid in advance through yahoo travel.The first night, staff was extremely grumpy and every single piece of equipment in the exercise room was broken. Otherwise, the stay was uneventful.The second night was a DISASTER. We arrived at the airport at 12:45 at night, called the guaranteed shuttle for about 10 minutes, then gave up and paid $16 for a cab. When we got to the hotel, the man denied that we had ever called for the shuttle. THEN he informed us that we had cancelled the reservation at 6pm (note that we were on an international flight at that time), and they had no rooms available for us. He saw the reservation in the computer, complete with note that we would be arriving late, but would not acknowledge that they had done anything wrong by cancelling our PREPAID reservation. So at 2:00 am we had to find another hotel room. I will be contacting Days Inn management about this as it was by far the worst Days Inn I have ever stayed at. Also, I need to get my money back somehow.If anyone is considering staying at this hotel, I STRONGLY recommend that they look elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>lhache
<Content>Only the price was good They charge a fee of 2$ for safe in room, yet ours was not working each of the 4 days we were there they promised to 'send someone'. The staff was polite but useless.There were minute ants all over the room, except in the beds. The room was poorly cleaned before we arrived, the mirror was dirty with someone else's toothpaste spit, the floors were grimy, and the carpets only vaccumed once during our stay.The sink was cleaned once, and the tub once on a different day.On the plus side, our sheets were changed nearly everyday, but when we returned to our room early afternoon, were told the stripped bed wouldn't be dressed for 3 hours, as they did that first, then cleaned the rooms one by one, not dressing until later.So much for a nap!The elevators are weirdly placed. You enter, pass the lobby, walk the entire length of the hotel, take the elevator.It was faster to climb the 3 flights.The exercise room is a glass box by the pool, barely fits the few cardio machines.Constantly vendors push fliers under the door, even VERY late at night.Also, parking for hotel guests is not important, as afternoons the entire parking lot is 'valet parking' for the Bar,except the furthest slots from the door.The surly 'valet' is rude and treated us as if we were cheating him out of some money by taking a spot.The hotel is easy to find off the Dolphin Expressway, and sleeping near an airport was no problem noise-wise.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smcnewf
<Content>Ok for the price but not ideal We stayed at this hotel because it was close to the airport with a free shuttle. We stayed here for 2 nights after our cruise docked. The hotel was dark, old decor, and a little dirty. The room however was much nicer and better maintained than other common areas of hotel.  The pool was large and seemed nice although we did not go in. Hotel is located next to airport with GREAT shopping and eating within 10 minute drive. The Shuttle was Great to the airport. Overall not a great place for the family but ok if you only want a quick place to sleep while catching a ship or plane.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>arkansasmomof2boys
<Content>Not the cleanest but friendly staff Front desk staff very nice. We stayed 1 night and left for a cruise the next day. Use the hotel shuttle if going to port - $20 charge. We took a taxi and it cost $32. Our room was on 3rd floor. Hallways were very dim with lighting. The hotel needs updated. Bed was soft but covers smelled musty. Bathroom was dirty. Dried urine was on bottom of commode and hair was underneath lavatory. Ceiling in bathroom was cracked and tiles along bathtub/floor were cracked. Check in and check out was speedy.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>27thPsalm
<Content>Days--don't go--Inn       Junkyard Iron  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Trip_0ut
<Content>Fairly ugly for the money but fairly clean. Staff seem OK, They say closest hotel to the airport, well I guess it is physically very close but a bit of a drive from the gate. Very old motel. disco in the ground floor, freeway on other side. My wife not very happy with the area we were in. Wireless worked in the lobby, way to slow and very poor connection on 3rd floor.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>MrsVerloop
<Content>Good place to stay for the night My husband and I chose this hotel because of its location, and complimentary airport shuttle. I have to admit that after reading reviews on this website, I was a little worried. However when we arrived at the airport at 9:00 p.m. we called for a shuttle, within 15 minutes it arrived. The shuttle driver could have been a little friendlier, but got us to the hotel safe and sound. When we arrived at the hotel, we were checked in quickly. Our room, though no suite, was clean and comfortable. Since we had spent the entire day on flights, we were starved and ordered room service. Once again the service could have been a little friendlier, but the food was good, not great but good. We had no complaints in regards to noise, we slept like logs. Overall, I can say that I would recommend the hotel to anyone who just needs a place to stay for the night.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>JMPStMartin
<Content>Good value for money I can highly recommend this hotel. Affordable does not necessarily mean nasty and this hotel is proof thereof. Value for money we got: the public areas are clean and well kept, the rooms lovely with great beds and linnen. Although slightly noisy due to it's proximity to major roads and the airport - the conveniece of it's location makes up for it.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lion1212
<Content>Comfortable This hotel is not the Hilton, but it is affordable, clean, comfortable, quiet, out of the traffic, and roomy. Free wireless net. Easy access to main roads and expressways. The on-site resturant's food was tasty - steaks and mexican. I stayed 8 days on business, and did not have any problems. The staff was helpfull. Room houskeeping was excellent.I am from Trinidad  Tobago.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bjr832
<Content>not a good chioce We stayed at this hotel because it seemd to be convienent for us. Turned out it wasn't. We were a big group of nine and the shuttle accomadated us from the airport. It led us to beleive that it was free shutle to the port but it was not. Booking it was not easy either. There was a bad smell in the halls but, other than being very outdated and dingy, at least the bed was clean.The resturant was closed down in the morning due to a water problem they said and there is nothing around as far as places to eat. I would NOT recomend this hotel. If you are going for a cruise stay near the port itself. You will save money in the long run.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>jksturner
<Content>Shuttle service bad for Airport and Cruise We picked this hotel because the website stated they had airport shuttle service and shuttle service to our cruise. On reservations I even stated we would need these services. I called the hotel 5 times to request shuttle. Never came. Saw it pass us several times while we waited an 1 1/2 hours outside airport. Hotel clerk even hung up on my husband last time we called. We had to finally flag a taxi down. When we got to hotel, 2 shuttle vans sat at the front of hotel empty. When we checked in we were told we would recieve a call at 9 in the morning to set up shuttle service to cruise. No call came. When I went to the desk to ask about it they stated they had booked me on the first shuttle and told me to be in lobby at 11:30. I was there at 11:15, but we were then told we would be on 2nd shuttle at 1:00!! While I waited in lobby there were several other guest I had spoken to that had same experiences with airport shuttle. Plus hotel shuttle states it is free. It is not there is a $2 per bag charge and you will not leave hotel until that is paid to driver. Rooms were clean and nice. Hotel reminded me of a bar everywhere else. Restaurant was closed when we went for breakfast, was told they can close whenever they want not owned by hotel. Desk clerks at night are not friendly. Also make sure you have comfirmation sheet. Desk clerk wanted to charge us a higher price at check in. When I told him this wasn't right he told me Prove it Thank goodness I had my comfirmation email. Would not recommend.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>laura790
<Content>Ok if you just need a place to sleep The hotel was tired, although overall was clean. Some of the building could use some fixing up. They have a pool, but we didn't try to use it. Shower had great pressure  warm water.We stayed here overnight between coming back from Peru and getting back to Ohio.The restaurant was quite dark inside and dated; we decided to go out instead. Airport van was pretty timely.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>giardinismom
<Content>TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE What a horrid experience! I was taking my three kids (alone ) on a cruise.. We were arriving in Miami at 12:30AM.. I called the Days Inn that I had found via kayak.com and called them. It took a few tries to get through. Finally, I talked to a call there (Yvonne) and got my reservation all set; gave her my credit card number.. She said hold on for a confirmation. I did. We were cut off. It took about 20 tries to get back to her and when I did she apologized and said sorry, the computers were down. I'll reduce your room rate to 79$ and here's a confirmation number. I said wonderful .... I also had checked to be sure that he shuttles ran past midnight as we were coming in late. She assured me they ran until 2am. Perfect. So I thought. Of course, arrived in Miami from Detroit. Tired kids. We're ready to sleep. Called the Days Inn to catch the shuttle. We don't have a room for you. The manager couldn't give a rip that we were stuck there. He said a meaningless sorry and refused to give me his last name. I asked him to find me another room - he found another hotel at double the rate and he wanted me off the phone. I was stuck so took the room. The other hotel was just as bad in terms of comfort, breakfast (they threw in a free breakfast -- but you can't have th bacon, eggs, etc unless you want to pay 10$. what a crack up)..... The pillows were 1/2 inch thick... Relatively minor things... But the Days Inn was flat out rude. I filed a complaint upon returning home. No one cares much. The GM finally emailed and said too bad, you didn't tell us it was a late arrival. Not a very nice tone. I do NOT understand how places like this stay open. Avoid this place if you can..... Now I have to laugh at it - my kids say Miami is the worst place they've ever been to... Oh well!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jvnorth
<Content>never again One night in this hotel makes me want to cancel my vacation and neverreturn to Miami ever again. First of all, the appearance was outdatedand wasn't as clean as I would have liked. One ice machine on the first floor. The shuttle was fast to pick us up, but the seatbelts didn't work. All night long airplanes flew by and could be easily heard. Interior and exterior walls were thin and you could hear ALL activities in nearby rooms. Nobody was fluent in english so it was hard to communicate. There were paper flyers passed out under thedoors for a local pizza shop, we ordered and it wasn't edible. We called to get a refund and was hasseled about it. Continentalbreakfast consisted of one drink and one bagel, muffin, or danish fora whopping $6.50. Never stay at Days Inn MIA!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>rmuda
<Content>OMG!! When we pulled up in front of the hotel (it looked like a motel), I was very disappointed because it was not appealing to me. First we scheduled a pick up from the airport, which took the driver a very long time to get there. His driving scare me. I was already frightened from my first plane ride. The driver did not help with the luggage. My mother and I had to take it from the shuttle ourselves. When we entered the hotel, it smelled musty and the men that were already there just looked scary to me. It's a good thing we only stayed over night. It took sometime to located our room. It was outside, across the court, around the back. Mind you, we did not have help with our luggage. That was fine but we had to travel practically all over the area to find our room. Finally, I had my mother to wait for me outside so I could go back to the front desk to ask for directions. We had a little problem with the door getting in the room. It had to be forced open and then it would not shut tightly even with the latch. I prompted a chair against the door to keep it closed. To my amazement the room was a nice size, very spacious. The carpet smelled horrible. OMG!!! I thought I was going to pass out from the odor. I refuse to sleep on the sheets. I slept with my clothes on. I did not get a good night sleep at all. There were also dead bugs along the wall beside the bed leading to the bathroom. I kept my shoes close by because I refuse to walk on the carpet without them. My mother was not pleased also. All I could say to her was, I didn't know. I do not recommend this hotel. I was not comfortable there. Maybe it's better now but back then it was a total disgrace to the way hotels should be kept. There was no maid service at all. The room was not vaccumed. The bathroom was okay.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Hutt
<Content>This place is a dump, rip off and in a bad part of town. This place is a dump, rip off and in a bad part of town. It's the worst Days Inn I've ever seen. I booked one night stay in this hotel because we had an early morning flight out of MIA. They gave us a room right next to the overpass (which is cut out of the photos online). When I complained to the front desk and asked for another room the man was very confrontational and scary. We left the hotel immediatly without staying there. I am still waiting for Days Inn to refund my money, they have a no cancelation policy even if you are not satisfied! Stay at the Hampton Inn on NW 57th Ave. For just another fifty dollars, you will get a clean room, breakfast, secured parking and great customer service!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ram110197
<Content>never again One of the worst places I have stayed in recent years. The staff was mostly rude and unresponsive. There was no power for the tv, fridge, microwave for the first night. They are supposed to have a business center and wifi access. Neither exist. I expect when I stay at any hotel, there will be at least coffee in the morning. Only one out of three days was there.While the food at the attached restaurant was ok, the staff there was as bad as at the front desk.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Englishman0123
<Content>Not totally bad, for overnight stay... I definetely concur with those people who tell tales of not getting to the hotel with ease. I waited and waited at the airport (having come off a flight from south america and feeling very tired)....... then i called, i couldnt get through.......so i called through tosales and then reluctantly someone said they were sending a bus outto the airport. Fastforward one hour and at last it had arrived....Having read all the reviews the day before i had anticipated all this but i was still mythed that i had to suffer the same.When i go there at last my heart was filled with even more fear when i saw what a dump it first appeared. I could only get through the fear with self consolation that this was only a stop over and after one night, however bad the experience i would be free soon!!!!HOWEVER, to my SUPRISE my room on the 3rd floor was clean, spacious and fine. Yes, its near the highway but this IS an airport hotel and i didnt find the noise intolerable (the overhead flight noise i only heard once the next morning), for one night at least. I then went down to the bar and found it ok and got a reasonable price burger. Bathroom is fine and bed was fine too.When i left the next day, i did cast my eye over the ground floor rooms and feel i was lucky not to have had one of them. All in all the service here is poor, the people not interested and the experience likely to be frustrating. However, as an airport hotel it serves its purpose if you get a cheap deal on it.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyTravelerNYS
<Content>A DUMP!!! We are trying to get a refund-hotel billed as newly renovated.Not True-watch for bugs. Moldly, mildew smells. Dirty bedspread. Carpets had burn marks and holes,Worse place I have ever stayed. Management did not respond to complaints.Need I say more.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PJ058
<Content>Nasty! This hotel is noisy, grubby and smelly. Room cleanliness was substandard. Old and tired fixtures and linens. Inadequate supplies in room. No breakfast menu just foul coffee in a styrofoam cup, a jug of juice and some squashed muffins thrown together and overpriced. Day staff members were insolent. Poor service yet every staff had a hand out or a sign for tips.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>OLEWISEONE
<Content>Cruise lodging-helpful tips We booked the hotel though our Travel Agent to stay at before and after our cruise. After finding this site I was scared to death to stay here, but I did find some of the info very helpful. I hope to pass some advise on to others. The hotel is not near as bad as some people have written, though it isn't great by any stretch of the imagination.  We arrived to the Miami airport at 6:30 Saturday night and called the hotel for a pick-up they said it would be an 1 1/2 hours so we took a a cab/van. We had four people with a lot of luggage, so that was our best bet. The ride was $9.00 which was good price. As soon as you get to the hotel request that your name is put on the list for the cruise shuttle. There were many people taking a shuttle so the hotel hired a Greyhound bus. Our bus was scheduled to leave at 12:30 in the morning. Checkout is 11:00 but they will let you stay in the room longer. The hotel is on the airline takeoff path so request a room on the east side, it makes a world of difference. The beds are comfortable. Rooms could be a lot cleaner, a few bugs, but the staff was helpful.The hotel is not near any restaurants which is a problem, to take a taxi will will cost you around $20.00-$25.00 each way to go anywhere. We took a cab to Monte's Shrimp Bar in Coconut Grove and ate outside on the water (the weather was perfect) it was nice. The hotel does have a restaurant but it is is more of a lounge, the morning we left to catch our plane they had a party that didn't end until 5:00 in the morning. What ever you do don't get a room by the restaurant, you will hear music all night long.In the morning they serve a buffet breakfast for $7.50, or continental for $4.00. (cash only) It isn't great, but you don't have many options. They don't start serving until around 9:00 and they serve until it is gone, maybe 9:45.When we returned from the cruise we took a cab to the hotel and it was $26.00. That night we at at Joe's in South Beach, cab fare was $30.00 both ways. Be sure to sign up early for transportation to the airport and be down stairs waiting 15-20 early if you have an early flight. The shuttle starts running at 5:00a.m. and the van only takes as many people as he can hold. Over all the hotel wasn't bad. But if you can find a hotel closer to some restaurants it would be nice, because the cab fare is what is the killer.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	4	4	1	

<Author>latenights
<Content>Lied about airport shuttle availability; staff can't speak English This inn advertises that they have an airport shuttle. It's a lie. When we arrived, we were told the shuttle wasn't running because the driver had gone home. We had to take a cab to the hotel ($22) and were not reimbursed.The next morning the shuttle was running, once an hour. Every chair in the lobby was occupied, so we went outside. People were sprawled on every available space, so we had to stand. Luck for us we did! When the shuttle arrived, it was an 8-passenger van, and since we were standing, we were able to reach the shuttle before the others did, and we got in. The shuttle left about 15 people in the dust when it pulled out. I imagine most of them took cabs.The other irritating thing about this place is that no one speaks English. The front desk can answer questions in English, but usually they don't understand the question, so you get the kind of canned answer that you would get when talking to a computer over the phone.Our room was clean and neat; we have no complaints about that.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>girlkayaker
<Content>Scetchy, loud, and worn We only stayed 1 night before flying out early the next morning. Rooms were small, sheets were threadbare, bathroom was very small. Of course, being close to the airport, we could hear each airplane take off throughout the night. We did not take the shuttle so cannot comment on its' reliability. Staff were unhelpful.Overall...yuck at the price of $157!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	-1	3	

<Author>dmlandis
<Content>Okay property for 1 night This was a fair property. We got in late at night and left at 11 am the next day. Service was lackadaisical and the room was fairly bare. Only enough coffee and towels for 1 (we were 3). There was a pool and workout room. Perhaps Days Inn North Airport is a better property. One nice thing though is that this property is very convenient to Hwy 836 and airport.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>intlextreme
<Content>Don't even think about staying here. Lots of better places down the street What a joke ! The maids dont clean the rooms and the front desk management doesnt do a thing. Front desk help is cofrontational with guest - never even took a minute to look into my complaint.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>twilsonb
<Content>Okay Stayed at the Days Inn Miami Airport in October 2006 for one (1) night before leaving on a cruise. Stayed here on advice of a travel agent/friend (who stated at a much nicer hotel). I suppose the advice was for convenience and price. It was convenient to the airport, just a few minutes. The price was right at $89 per night and free shuttle from airport and free shuttle to your cruise pier. The pool was outdoors and was okay, I just could not muster the nerve to jump in due to location of hotel in Miami (saw a drug deal going down at corner convenient mart just before turning in here). The restaurant and club in the hotel were the best feature I saw. Breakfast was pricey for this caliber hotel, but good. Drinks were priced reasonable in the club the night before, but be warned, no English speaking patrons were in the house so I left early, I was outnumbered. The staff spoke broken English and basically were just no enthusiastic about their work, they were just putting in hours. The rooms were large but dark and cleanliness could have been improved (but not skanky). Shuttles were on time as promised from airport and to cruise pier. I might stay here again but ONLY for the convenience and price but would check in and go straight to my room with a snack and stay there until time to leave for cruise.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RdWarr
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever!!!! This place is smelly, the beds uncomfortable, and way too much noise!!!!! Entirely the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel. The only thing about it is it is cheap for Miami and if you are stranded at the Airport overnight without a lot of cash available it will at least do, but that is all I can say for it.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tintti
<Content>Avoid, avoid.... This hotel was so bad as a hotel can get! Stayed there for one night between flights and there was one too many. As the several other reviewers, we waited for the shuttle to come and pick us from the airport for over an hour, all the other hotel's shuttles passed by several times while we were waiting. After arriving to the hotel we were given a smokin room and as I went back and asked for a new one I was given a new room but again smoking! The reception personnel simply wasn't listening anything, two persons just gossiped their own matters and didn't even look at the customers. Finally, got a non-smoking room, which wasn't too good either. Dirty and outworn, smelled bad and the noice from highway just behind the window was unimaginable!!When we checked in I asked the receptionist how early should we arrive to the lobby in order to make it to the shuttle to get us to the airport in the morning. He told us to be there anytime we wanted and in ten minutes the shuttle would arrive. As we arrived in the morning to the lobby and checked out now the other receptionist (who was there at the same time with the evening shift while I was asking in the evening before) told us that the shuttle had already left and there would be no other until after an hour and thus we wouldn't make it to the flight! She didn't offer any help, didn't apologise, even insisted first that she didn't know the guy who was working there with her last evening!!! She was very very rude, and the most unbeliveable thing: while we were standing there the shuttle arrived from it's tour to the airport, but the driver refused to take us to the airport before the next shift (in an hour)!! The receptionist didn't make anything for this matter either - infact she took a personal phone call to her mother and started gossiping! We insisted for the taxi, which she (seemed to) order and which never arrived. After 20 minutes I ordered taxi again and thistaxi arrived in five minutes. We made it to the airport barely in time, paid 12 $ for taxi drive even though we selected this hotel partly because of free shuttle service. This seemed though a peanuts then as we were so glad to get out of this horrible hotel beside the horrible highway and run by most rude, non-english-speaking, non-smiling, non-helping and even non truth-telling personnel. We are not picky travellers, we often stay in hostels, budget hotels etc. However, these kind of hotels are not worth the saved bucks: they give you mammoth headaches and bad spirits and possibly a missed flight as an extra surprise.Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from this hotel I stayed at this hotel with a group of 10 students and 3 chaperones. It is the worst place we ever stayed at. The people at the front desk are rude and not helpful at all. The staff is very rude. They actually come in your room without knocking first and don't apologize when they see it is occupied. The rooms are okay, but the cleaning staff is very loud in the morning, forget about sleeping in. The worst part of our stay was the driver of the shuttle. He was the rudest staff member there. Since there were 14 of us, we had to go in 2 seperate groups. He was incredibly rude to the students. When we got to the airport, he gave the other passengers their luggage and yelled at the kids to get their own. Obviously, I didn't tip him. When he picked up the other group, he lied and told them that I said to leave him a tip. Do yourselves a favor, stay away from this place.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PRINCESS18
<Content>A lot Better than I expect I stay at this hotel on May 7 and May 13, 2006 before and after my cruise to Caribbean. With the tips from previous reviews, I changed from Downtown Days Inn to this hotel and asked for a room not facing the highway. The room is quiet and clean and even have a microwave. Although they only have one computer at the lobby providingfree internet service, we managed to use it a few times. With the money I paid, I have no complain. However, if they can provide a coffee maker in the room, it is even better. I saw a preview saying that you will starve to death if you don't bring food, I disagree with this. There is a Wendy's within 5 minutes walk from the hotel and a gas station with convenient store selling fruit, muffin and coffee. With the free service from and to Airport and also to Port of Miami, I think I will definitely go back to this hotel ifI take another cruise. The only catch is : Do not depend on their morning call service as we asked for a morning call for May 13 5:00 am to catch an early flight but it didn't happen. Luckily we also set our own alarm clock just in case.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for pre-cruise We stayed at this hotel because we were going on a cruise out of Miami and needed somewhere to stay for the night. We chose this hotel because it was cheap (62.00 AFTER taxes...we got a good deal online) and also because it offered a free shuttle to the port. We flew in from Ft. Lauderdale, so we didn't use their shuttle service to get to the hotel. We just took a taxi. I actually didn't know they offered a shuttle from the airport. Maybe they only do from the Miami one, I'm not sure. So I can't really comment on their shuttle from the airport. But the shuttle to the port was on-time and went smoothly.If you're staying at this hotel for cruise reasons, it's a good hotel because of the free shuttle to the port. But if you're staying here because you're on vacation in Miami, I wouldn't suggest it. Miami airport is very close nearby and the planes flying overhead are very loud. The highway is also right behind it. Also, the walls are very thin and you can hear everything. Anytime someone closed their door or walked down the hall or even took a shower above you, we could hear it. This didn't bother us, because again, we were only there for a room for the night before our real trip. But it might have bothered us if we were staying there a few days. The hotel does have a bit of a musty smell, and if you get a room on the side that the parking lot is on, you can hear the cars and valet people all night. Course, if you're on the other side, you will be by the highway, and I'm not sure if that would be just as noisey. The room itself was clean, and the king bed was very comfortable. They have a restaurant downstairs. The food was good (we're not too picky when it comes to food, some people might not like it), but it was expensive. We got burgers and fries and it was 9 bucks! They also have a pool, but we didn't go in it. It looked clean though.The staff was nice. The guy at the counter was very friendly. And when we took the shuttle the next day to the airport, our driver was very nice and gave us lots of nice tips for our cruise. One tip about the shuttle to the port: Most cruises let you board their ships at noon. So make sure you get down to the lobby early so that you can board your cruise early. We got down to the lobby at 10:30 for the 11:00 shuttle, and there were already 10 other people there. It was a good thing we already had reservations! If you tell them you want to take the shuttle right when you check in, they will put your name down so you are guaranteed a spot in the morning (as long as you're there on-time). But if you don't put your name down, and get there when 12 people have already put their name down, you have to wait for the next one. And I don't think they do it every hour. I think they have a shuttle at 11, and then the next at 3. But I'm not too sure on that either, it was just something I heard when I booked the room. But better to be safe then sorry, so put your name down right when you check-in.Hope this review helps!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tetons
<Content>Horrible Hotel This hotel is dirty, run down, and the clerk at the counter tried to rip me off, my stay was prepaid over 6 weeks in advance by the travel agent, when I arrived at the hotel they had my reservation but said it was not paid for, well after arguing with the clerk for awhile, he said oh I do see where it has been paid for already. The hallways are old and dark, the neighborhood is crummy, and I was scared to even walk the hallways, it had 1 restaurant with very OVER PRICED food. We had to wait 2 hours for the shuttle to pick us up for the cruise and there is not enough chairs or couches in this dumpy hotel for people to wait for the shuttle to the cruise ship. I will NEVER EVER STAY HERE AGAIN.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Capt_Otero05
<Content>1st and last time ever I refer to the DAYS INN located at 11th St (there are two others nearby, from the same chain: one at Civic Center; each hotel has its own shuttle; the ones bound for Civic Center and the other one passed more than twice, while the one bound for 11th st has never shown up). The shuttle took almost 2 hours to pick me up. Along these almost two hours, I called the hotel using both the free phone and my own cell phone as well, and could only get messages from an extremely irritant call center. I recorded 5 or 6 urgent messages there. Never had any response for any of them. Finally, when I was about to give up and take a cab on my own, I gave it a last try. A sleepy voice answered and apologized, and said the shuttle would be on its way immediately. 15 mins later it had not arrived at Concourse E of MIA Intl', so I called again. A 2nd voice (also a sleepy one) answered and said he did not know about the problem, apologized as well and said the shuttle would be on its way at once. Total time waiting: 01:53 mins. It is quite a record for me, after 26 yrs working with the aviation industry. Apart from that, the ice machine in the corridor was inoperative, though the vending machine was delivering chilled soft drink cans. Rooms  bathrooms are reasonable. Overall, this is one of the few places I would never stay again in Miami.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CyndiArm
<Content>Pre-Cruise Hotel The only good thing about this hotel was the free shuttle to the cruise. Also, be aware that there are several Days Inn airport buses. We got on the wrong bus with another couple and then called our hotel and they sent the right bus to transport us. The hotel was filthy. The hallways looked like they had never been cleaned. The non-smoking room smelled like a smoking room. We were afraid to walk barefoot on the carpet. We will not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bunman
<Content>don't stay here! Dirty rooms, smelly carpets, and loud noise!Some rooms (and I mean some) may be okay, but we moved to 3 rooms and still weren't happy! When is the last time you had to move to three rooms?Yeah the shuttle may be a draw, but that's all. It's a trap. Spend your $$ elsewhere until they upgrade!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>familyriders
<Content>Better than expected! This hotel was better than expected. After reading the reviews we were a little worried about the hotel and the shuttle service. Both were great. We called when we arrived at the airport and were picked up about 20 minutes later. We were able to rent a nice convertible at the hotel for about the same price as the airport rental centers. This hotel is not near anything except the highway, so you do need a car if you are staying very long. The city was easy to get around but parking is hard to find. Our room was very large had a microwave and fridge in the room. The room was clean and check in was a breeze. We only stayed one night and returned the car and took the FREE hotel shuttle to the Port with no problems at all.Very nice for the money about $100 a night.As stated in other reviews make sure you pick the right Days Inn as there are many in the Miami area.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent budget hotel w/Complimentary Port Shuttle! Decent for 1 night pre-cruise - which was exactly what we were looking for!Pro: fairly clean, free airport and port shuttles, good-sized room. We stayed Saturday, 10/08/2005, for a rate of appr. $60 through AAA. Probably saved another $50-100 by having the free shuttles as we had 6 people in our party / 2 rooms.Cons: very popular bar 'mystique' draws tons of crowds. We arrived near mid-night w/a toddler in the party and weren't quite sure where we were arriving ;)Breakfast is $7 buffet in the empty / dark bar definately not worth the money, although the service was impecible.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Filthy Had to stay while visiting my grandfather in Jackson Memorial Hospital. Although it was convenient and cheap, we couldn't stay another night. This hotel was one of the grossest I have stayed in. They put us in a smoking room - didn't really care, except you could tell that the room was never cleaned by the cigarette ashes on the floor and table. We were afraid to walk barefoot and didn't even shower there because you could tell that wasn't cleaned either! It was extremely noisy and even the restaurant was gross. The area does not feel safe, the hospital staff even told us to never go out at night. There are plenty of reasonable hotels downtown that are clean and safe. Avoid this one at all costs!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very accomodating and helpful! Me and my wife went on a caribbean cruise and we needed an affordable and convenient hotel for our overnight stay in Miami. We picked this hotel because it had decent tripadvisor reviews and because it offered shuttle services for the airport and seaport. We were very glad we did. Our baggage was lost during one of our connecting flights to Miami and the hotel manager, George, allowed us to use the airport shuttle as much as we wanted to clear up the mess. The rest of the staff was just as helpful and they would always ask if we had found our baggage yet. Anwyays, we eventually found our missing luggage and we couldn't have done it without the generosity of the manager and hotel staff. The rooms, although simple, were clean and tidy. Its not the fanciest hotel, but its definitely one of the best hotels we ever stayed at. Thank you Days Inn.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Charla
<Content>A decent place for little money No doubt about it - the Miami Airport Days Inn is NOT the Taj Mahal! However, if you're looking for an inexpensive, relatively clean place to crash for a night, this is a very good choice. POSITIVES: room is clean, attractively furnished, linens and towels are decent, TV works, bathroom is clean and spacious, bathroom has wide granite countertop, good flow in shower, carpet in hallways is clean and in good condition. BUT: Public areas of hotel other than room hallways are in need of attention - like there's only one person doing it all and he's been spending his time on something else. The floor tiles are chipped at the entrance, the glass is smeared, the veritical blinds are bent and dirty, etc. There are three PCs set up in the lobby for free internet access, and when these work it's fine - but, hours apart, they may or may not be on-line. And the keyboard are FILTHY - bring some of that waterless hand cleaner! There is a mandatory $2 per night charge for a safe - given the neighborhood, it may not be a bad idea, but I hate surprise mandatory fees. And the neighborhood - all I can say is, I am GLAD I didn't have to drive around in it at night! It's a weird mix of industrial and low-income - mostly empty weedy lots and decaying buildings. NOTE QUIRKY ACCESS: Getting to the hotel is a piece of cake from Route 836, but getting FROM the hotel to anywhere else (in a car or on foot) is really, really confusing - it's so confusing I can't explain it here, so ask for directions at the front desk (regardless of where you're headed). TIP: Throughout our stay I noticed flyers with menus from neighborhood restaraunts being slipped under the door of our room. Found out when checking out that these are not really restaurants, rather they're being left by unauthorized individuals who will prepare your order in their kitchens (or possibly their garages, according to the desk clerk) and (maybe) delivering something you'd be willing to eat. Since they all will want your credit card number at time of order - YIKES! Don't do it! Of course, there's no walkable close-by fast food either, so if you get hungry, I guess you go to La Mystique (the bar in the hotel) or you starve. (I had a car. Lucky for me.) But at the price you're paying for the room, maybe you were warned. Best advice - come and go in the daytime, lock your room well, don't stay very long, and bring snacks! Under those circumstances, this is a fine place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor condition   showReview(3461519, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two nights at the Days In International Airport   showReview(3376830, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unreasonable refund policy   showReview(3251338, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrm42000
<Content>Clean and Cheap   showReview(3164249, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmeraldSeas
<Content>Comfortable, Not Posh   showReview(3102064, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luckysll
<Content>Avoid this place   showReview(3026657, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BornToTravel
<Content>Dingy room   showReview(2947453, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inexpensive/Clean   showReview(2829263, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great overnight stay   showReview(2451372, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A "good sleep"   showReview(1702180, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas mal pour un soir   showReview(18532960, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>quayqom
<Content>Gute Lage, viele Parkpl盲tze, nettes Personal.   showReview(17962308, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne etape en transfert   showReview(18532957, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r 1 Nacht jederzeit wieder   showReview(17429174, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(16592563, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Don't go N'y allez pas   showReview(16592560, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r eine 脺bernachtung gehts !   showReview(16592562, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r eine 脺bernachtung gehts !   showReview(16592561, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>comme tous les Days Inn correct mais sans plus Attention au restaurant   showReview(15569168, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>antonio_lopez_c
<Content>Buen hotel para dormir.   showReview(14809580, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Miami g眉nstig   showReview(14726822, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stinkendes Zimmer, Bettlaken benutzt?, Rezeption kaum Englisch   showReview(12655863, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>stern1
<Content>Gut   showReview(10887717, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r eine Nacht v枚llig okay   showReview(11659403, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon prix pour la qualit茅   showReview(11445527, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel en decrepitude   showReview(11395758, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅cue   showReview(11389898, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able, situ茅 pr猫s de l'a茅roport, restaurant tr猫s correct. Nous y retournerons.   showReview(11385571, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

