<Author>abbysgrandma
<Content>Pretty place       La Concha found at the back of the hotel  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>JRLTRIP
<Content>Almost Perfect...needs more Staff!!! I was there for the great New Years Party, and I did see J-Lo and Marc Anthony, partying undisturbed and amongst a very CLASSY and well behaved crowd. Probably the best New Years Party I've ever been to.The Hotel could be fantastic, the Staff is courteous and happy to serve, there is just not enough of them so inevitably things slow down and the experience suffers. At the reception area, the CONCIERGE doubles as reservations agent and concierge. There is only one person at the business center and is not always there (I had to get a document printed by the reservations person...who was free because the concierge was receiving new guests!). The room cleaning was slow and just O.K. The Solera (poolside restaurant) service is too slow, I asked the waiter why it was so slow and incredibly, he explained to me that the theme of the restaurant was relaxed so they gave relaxed service!I tried to explain to him that the GUESTS were supposed to relax not the server and that the slow service actually did not relax me...he did not seem to agree, so we went across the street to eat.La Perla restaurant is FANTASTIC , beautiful space inside of a giant Conch! but slow service takes away from the experience, again only one server to do the water, the drinks, the ordering etc...he was good but there is only so much he can do .not for a 1st class restaurant that it wants to be.The Hotel has a very nice European feel and look to it, the clientele is always well dressed and elegant and the experience is great. Jose Fas, the Lobby Manager at night is a First Class manager, I would not be surprised to see him in charge of a Four Seasons some years down the road. The rest of the people we interacted were also very good but hey are overextended and then it feels like they are providing bad service!I'll definitely go back and support them as I want them to succeed , but they have to hire more people.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Steviek49
<Content>La Concha- Very Nice Hotel My family of 4 just returned last night from an 8 night family holiday/new years vacation. We stayed at the new Marriott/Renaissance resort La Concha. In short, we had a great time!The weather was OK. The first 4 of 5 days it was partly sunny/cloudy but each day (but one) it rained for a short time and then stopped. It became annoying and led to us cancelling our snorkelling adventure due to the chance of rain and it was also quite windy the first few days. The last 4 days the weather was beautiful-sunny and about 80 degrees far.We did go Kayacking at night (glow), went to a winter league baseball game,and Old San Juan.Now, about La Concha,We booked a Poolview and an Ocean Front and the front desk (Linda) put us in 2 Oceanfront rooms.The rooms were beatiful with full Oceanfront view and sliding glass door that led to a walk-out- no full balcony. Rain shower in bathroom and interesting half glass shower door-but no flooding.The lobby was swank, modern and attractive. The outdoor pool area was bi-level and although we wish the pools were larger they were big enough to cool off. There was another small infinity edged pool in the back overlooking the beach but it was always in the shade.-Great place to read as was the beds to the left of the pool.The staff was very friendly! The business center had 4 computers and was always available free of charge (included in the resort fee).Pool staff was great- towels always available as was ice water.New casino in the lobby was very nice.Last night of our stay was New Years eve and they had a BIG Party that was only open to hotel guests and guests that were invited by La Concha. There were alot of people at this party and it was quite festive, active and loud. They built a stage for live band on the top pool deck (had limited use last 2 days) and we were told that J.Lo and marc Anthony attended- But we didn't see them. I love loud music but this was LOUD!!!!!! Band played till the middle of the night and we could not get away from it. But it was New Years after all.So with all of this great stuff why only 4 Stars?Well, as mentioned here many times -housekeeping was very slow. After a few days of room not being made up by mid afternoon we got into the routine of calling each day to have room made up. This is not acceptable! Also room was really tidied up rather than deep cleaned. Glasses weren't cleaned or replaced.Sometimes they showed up for a turn-down- sometimes not.The hotel has had over a year to correct this problem but I've had better housekeeping at Holiday Inns and other 3 star properties.Pool bar/Grill also VERY SLOW. Order a Hamburger- wait almost an hour till I get a CHEESEburger. Sent it back- only to see the same burger returned to me (10 minutes later) with the cheese scraped off and cold fries. Also NOT acceptable for a high rated resort especially if the hamburger costs $15. Tried ordering the 2nd day- similar wait time- and the pool grill was not that busy.No Concierge/Executive level- so no Marriott continental breakfast/ appetizers/ wine/desserts etc. As a matter of fact no gift shop at this resort to even buy a newspaper.So- Do I recommend la Concha? Absolutely! We had a Great vacation.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RayPays
<Content>Almost Perfect You can't beat the location. The beach is incredible. The rooms are sumptuous. But one caution: If you have a room overlooking the pool area, it turns into a disco bar at about midnight on Friday and Saturday nights and unless you are someone who can sleep through anything you will get very little of it till dawn.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>texhills
<Content>Doesn't quite make it       Ocean side of La Concha  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>chaserboi1
<Content>Really nice hotel! I thought this hotal was really nice. I like the more modern architecture, so this hotel fit the bill. The staff were very friendly and the room was very clean and comfortable. Only downside was the food a lil exspensive for my taste but it was good. The price is what you get for staying at a resort. hahaIt also had beautiful views, as i stayed on the 12th floor. highly recommended for honeymooners and people who enjoy the nightlife.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GVF444
<Content>Great Anniversry Trip My wife and I went to La Concha to celebrate our 25th year wedding anniversary. I was very apprehensive since my wife wanted to go to Aruba but I talked her into going to San Juan, so I wanted everything to be perfect. I contacted the concierge, Kenia prior to our trip to have Champaign waiting and to request a top floor room. She told me that we would be upgraded to top floor with a patio and our room would be ready when we arrived at hotel at 1:00, she then said my wife would not be disappointed. We arrived, we were met with warm smiles and told our room was not ready, also there would be a  20.00 upgrade fee per night. The room was not ready until around 4:00 - no big deal to us, since we sat by the beautiful pool and had lunch and drinks. As for the upgrade fee, I expected it, so no surprise. Especially with the rate that we paid, still an unbelievable deal. We stayed from a Sunday night to Thursday. My wife and I are fairly well traveled and enjoy upscale resorts. Here are our impressions. The Hotel - Beautiful, modern, clean, hip, contemporary, aliveThe Management - very professional - made a point to meet usThe Beach - Fun waves, Beautiful scenery, not crowed The Location - being built up - we love the combo city/beach location. The Pool - Pool by lobby - Very very nice, Pool by beach seems to be a waste since little sunThe Room - Modern, Comfortable, Very cozy beds, gorgeous, view, very romantic - clean - thumbs - up.The Bathroom - Very nice - we loved the shower, we did place an additional towel on the floor and guess what - No Flood - does not take an EinsteinThe Service - Most friendly and efficient staff we have ever experienced, thanks to Kenia, Louise and Rose Mary - the entire wait staff - you all made our trip memorable - thank you. I could go on and on regarding the staff. The perfect blend of professionalism and warmth. Thumbs up, up up.Maid Service - Excellent - Rooms were made up early and at night beds turn down with chocolates, We had a couple of requests - and within minutes - we were satisfied - Ordered Room service twice, arrived right on schedule and orders were correct.Food - Excellent, but expensive, La Perla - is a stunning restaurant. We did have a laugh when we asked if we could bring our Champaign to La Perla, we were told yes but there would be a $ 30.00 corking fee - this after we were charged to have the champaign delivered to our room - I said thanks but no thanks - we openned it ourselves. Gym - My wife and I are gym rats and this was the best hotel gym we have ever seen - we used it everydayAtmosphere - vibrant during the week. Sunday concert at night was latin cool - and ended early. So the noise was not a big deal.Wednesday night party - was very loud. At one point there appeared to be roving partiers who blew horns and banged drums outside our door. My wife is a professional singer so loud music typically does not bother us - but It was very much on the obnoxious side.Summary - Kenia was right - our trip was as close to perfect as you can get. My wife loved it and so did I. We would definately go again but would probably shy away from a Friday or Saturday night as the music late at night is a little out of control.One last word - worth repeating - We loved the staff.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jacksmomtravels
<Content>December trip We booked this hotel after seeing it online. It stated it had recently been remodeled. The pool area was very good, but the pools were cold. Food at the Solera was very good, we ate lunch there daily. Excellent restaurants within walking distance of this hotel. Noise was a problem on the weekend in the evening. Rooms smelled musty daily, and bathrooms were small. Maid service was inconsistent.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	-1	5	1	5	2	2	

<Author>Traveler1943
<Content>A Comedy of Errors The lobby looked so beautiful in a previous visit that, we decided to stay there on a weekend while visiting friends. I have stayed in 14 different hotels in San Juan over the last 20 years. I visit Puerto Rico on business or pleasure 2 - 4 times a year and in one span twice a month for a year. Pros - The common areas lobby, pool just off the lobby, restaurants are beautiful - very stylish.The seating areas near the pools just off the lobby are an extension of the lobby with very comfortable white leatherette sofas arranged as a conversation pit. A great place to sit with you date and listen to the pool fountains. - The staff is very friendly and tries very hard to be helpful.Cons. - So many things went wrong with our visit it seems like a situation comedy. Check in - we arrived at 4:00 PM and were told our room would not be ready for 2 hrs. They would call my cell when ready. 6:15 PM I went to the desk to inquire. They forgot to call me. My room was ready 陆 hr ago but they could not make any room keys The machine broke down. I explained we were being picked up by friends at 7:00 pm and had 7:30 reservations in the best restaurant in San Juan. We wanted to change and clean up. They had house keeping let us in our room. Room - The room was small but had a nice ocean view. I stayed in La Concha years ago before this renovation. The rooms and their entrance from exterior halls have not changed. Safe did not work so I hid my laptop between the mattress and took all valuables with us. Desk chair wobbly. Carpet was stained. Also stained in 2nd room (we had to be moved.)Internet is free but at night and Sunday it dropped to 1MB or stopped all togetherBathroom is smaller then similarly priced hotels in the area.. The shower has a single pane of plate glass about 24 wide. The shower does not close. When you shower about 1/3 of the bathroom floor gets wet. Even with their cotton bath mat you had be careful not to slip. Clogged toilet - on Second day toilet stopped working in our room and the room behind us. After being out swimming etc. maintenance was still working on it 6 hours later. At 7:00 PM that night they finally decided to switch both our room and the one behind us. Televison shut off every 45 minutes - no it was not the sleep timer - maintenace was going to switch it but we changed rooms before they did. They were busy back and forth with the toilet problem.My bed collapsed on one leg in the middle of the first night. I meant to mention it but the maintenance crew was busy trying to unclog the toilet, reset my safe and the tv problem that I let it go.Pools - suitable for sunbathing or soaking (about 12 people) but too small to actually swim. Not a defect but I thought I should mention it, if someone was interested in actually swimming. Ocean is you only option and this is not a good swimming beach (rough). The beach is much better in Isla Verde by the airport.Noise - this is a great place to party. However you can still hear the loud music into the night since you room is accessed by an open air hall which faces the pool area.This is a very stylish redesign of a rather plain old hotel. The original La Concha was built by the government to service a small convention center next door (now a park). Several years ago It was sold to Marriott and they waited about 5 years for this renovation. It is located in one of my favorite areas (the Condado) which is just coming back after over 10 years of decline. La Concha is very popular with young Puerto Rican adults and has gotten the 鈥渓ions share鈥?of receptions and company affairs. They actually are running 90% occupancy while others are doing 60%. For me, La Concha is a great place for a party or to go to a fancy dinner or for drinks (as I have done on other trips). The rooms are another matter. You can do much better in San Juan.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	5	1	5	1	

<Author>PatinNYC
<Content>Great until the noise started La Concha is a lovely recently renovated resort on a nice beach in an upscale shopping area of San Juan. The room had big glass doors opening on a stunning view of the Atlantic and was equipped with flat screen TV and i-home to play ipods and nanos. The food was excellent and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. May husband and I arrived on Wednesday and had two days of bliss before the EXTRA LOUD disco music began on Friday evening, first in the courtyard and later in the lobby until 2 a.m. There was no getting away from it. We left the hotel for a couple of hours. The strange part is that there was no one dancing or even showing any interest in listening when ever we passed through -- just a few people trying to have shouted conversations over their cocktails. The loud music was probably causing the hotel to lose business, not attract more.Then, with only a note slipped under our door overnight as notification, the hotel closed access the beach side pool for hotel guests all day on Saturday to prepare for a private event that evening. And there was more loud music,this time live, in the courtyard, the only refuge during the private party. This music could have been nice if the band has dialed down the amps but both band members and hotel staff seemed not to understand that idea. Our complaints and those of other guests -- I wasn't alone at the desk -- were meet by the staff with shrugs, polite smiles and occassional words of sympathy but no action. I wrote a letter to the manager that I left at the desk but got no ressponse, not even an apology. As much as I enjoyed the first two days, I would not risk spending my time and money there again. The experience could be bliss or torture and you will have no way of knowing which it will be.Pat in NYC  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AVD29
<Content>Fab hotel, only a few minor negatives We stayed at La Concha for 2 nights after returning from a cruise. First impression of the hotel was wow. We have stayed at various starwood and fairmont properties all over north america, but aesthetically this hotel is one of the most unique and beautiful places we've stayed. The lobby is just beautiful and the pool area is fabulous. We had no trouble finding a lounge or a beach bed. The beach itself is public, but it is very quiet and mostly had hotel guests on it. Very modern and clean fitness center. We ate breakfast at the restaurant and it was an average buffet , but excellent service and atmosphere.Our room had a beautiful ocean view, comfy king sized bed, and we loved the shower. Very modern interior and kept very clean, but there are places were you can tell that this is an old hotel that has been renovated.The staff was very accommodating, we ended up getting off the cruise ship much earlier than we expected and the front desk staff was able to get us into our room by 9:30am and we were out at the pool by 10:00am. My husband was dying to go boogie boarding, and the concierge was able to locate one that had been left in the hotel for him to borrow (the waves are perfect for boogie boarding or beginner surfing).Minor negatives: Even though the alarm wasn't activated, our t.v. would turn on blaring at 2:00am each morning, which kinda sucked. The price of food and drinks: everything is really, really pricey at this hotel. I realize that it is an upper-scale hotel, but $6 for a canned local beer is a bit much, considering you are in the Caribbean.On that note, there are a variety of restaurants within walking distance to the hotel, my advice is walk around and explore, because you'll have better luck eating off the property. We ate at Mike and Charlie's for pizza - great pizza, good value. It is just a block away from the hotel. We also ate at a restaurant just beside the hotel (between the hotel and the park on the ocean side). I can't remember what the name was, but the food was very good and not bad prices, outdoor seating only.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at La Concha. This is a great place for the late 20s, and 30s crowd. There is a lot of construction in the area, but this is balanced by the cute restaurants and upscale shopping. If you are looking for a relaxing, chill, trendy atmosphere you will not be disappointed with La Concha.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>maryann617
<Content>Cool hotel! (expensive though)       La Concha Hotel - outside  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JewelsF80
<Content>Luxurious, great service, in the center of the action! Everything was awesome, so I won't waste your time reading all the same stuff you read with everyone else's reviews.Yes, it's loud. It's VERY loud, BUT, if you want to be in the center of it all, you must compromise. Although, if I could do it over again, I'd stay at the Marriott San Juan. As a Platinum Marriott member we chose the Renaissance over the Marriott, and made a mistake. The Marriott is in just as good an area, with just a great a beach, convenient access to restaurants, etc. The bad part about La Concha Renaissance is that they don't participate in most Marriott perks, and especially for us the Concierge service that provides free breakfast and snacks throughout the day. We would have never booked the La Concha if we had known that. NEXT TIME: Marriott San Juan FOR SURE!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>GonzalezPueroRico
<Content>First class service at La Concha!!! Date: Novembre 22-24Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, Puerto RicoStaying for a weekend at La Concha hotel was the best experience in a long time after visiting diferents hotels at diferents destiantion. Right from the moment of arrival the service was first class! The employees how attended me and the needs of my mother where excelents. Handling every request at it's best. I was attended by Frankie aponte, who delivered an outstanding orientation service about how to enjoy the hotel at its best, he actually took me around the hotel facilities and he made sure that we had every single detail cover. He took me to see the facilities of PERLAS Restaurant that looks like a fancy high class English Ballroom, wich I recomend for that romantic dinner or just for the best treat of the family. The Bedroom was a millionare luxury ocean front property with a great atmotfere. I called room service for coffe and within 5 five minutes they where knocking at my door with it. I shared great memories with others visitors and tourist staying at the hotel too wich made my time even better. On last day I spoke with Hotel staff Mr. Casannova who also gave us that warm feeling of what great service is all about and made sure that we had a memorable time. If You want to feel like a millionare for a couple days in your vacation in PR, I highly recomend this great , luxury and affordable hotel in wich you will be getting pampered and be treat as part of a Royal Family. I will actually stay there again for my wedding night before departing for a carribbean cruise. Thank's.Gonzalez, Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mushymile
<Content>STAY AWAY! Horrible customer service, LOUD MUSIC TILL 6AM The hotel is nice in appearance. I am not going to go into detail regarding this as many others have done so already.NOW TO THE CRUX OF MY REVIEW:Let me preface by saying my fiance and I are in our late 20's, we live in manhattan, we are used to noises, we go out dancing late, we have traveled all over the world. This is not our first time off the block so to speak, we are not octogenarian prudes.I am not one to write many reviews, let alone a negative review.However, if you would actually like to sleep at some point in the night,and i mean sometime after 1am or 2 or 3 or 4am, forget it. There is a club called Budathai directly across the street. This club will blast music all night and because of the position of ALL the rooms in La Concha, you hear it. And I don't mean just a little bit, you hear it as if it is being played all the way up in your ear. You hear it as if it is coming directly from your brain. You hear it as if it is some kind of torture device, which for me and my fiance it was. Also please note, this was a WEDNESDAY NIGHT! I can only cringe to thing what a thur/fri/ or sat night would have been like.To make matters worse the hotel staff did not care, they were incredibly rude, telling us that it was not on their property and that they could not do anything about it. They refused to even admit that it was at all inappropriate for the club to be blasting music at 4am that was so loud, everyone in a 2 mile radius in Condado beach could hear the terrible music.We were forced to call the police three times with no results as they said the hotel needs to make a formal complaint, which they refused to do. The night manager at the La Concha, an extremely rude Mr. Orlando Hernandez, shrugged his shoulders and said  not my problem, nothing i can do. Not even a hint of apology.WE WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN AND WILL DISSUADE EVERYONE WE KNOW FROM STAYING HERE.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>dmbRJR
<Content>La Concha lived up to the hype       Hotel room  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>sweett27
<Content>One of the Best Vacations       The catamaran we rode in for the snorkle and picnic tour  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>patrickfoster18
<Content>Perfect Oceanfront Hotel La Concha is an absolutely beautiful beach front hotel in the community of Condado just east of San Jaun. Every room has spectacular, head-on ocean views and the facilities, including two pools, two hot tubs and a posh pool deck, are very modern. But the most important amenity is the gorgeous beach that is the hotel's backyard. While all beaches in Puerto Rico are public, the beach at La Concha is about as private as it gets. The hotel also provides beach chairs and umbrellas free of charge. Another plus about the hotel was the surrounding neighborhood. A lot of oceanfront hotels in the Caribbean are in secluded areas but this one has plenty of shops and restaurants within a block or two ranging from Wendy's to Gucci. If you are looking for Puerto Rican food, nearby Latin Star is hard to beat. If you are looking for non-Puerto Rican food Mike and Charlies, which serves Italian, is a cheap and delicious stop worth making. While it is easy enough to take a cab into Old San Juan (which takes about 15 minutes and cost around $15) there is also a free public bus that departs from the bus stop just to the west of the hotels main entrance. There are two buses that go to Old San Juan from this stop, the B21 and the C53 and it takes about 25 minutes. The cab from the airport was $20 and took about 15 minutes.The only odd thing about La Concha is that the lobby becomes a very trendy nightclub in the evenings that just oozes hip. This is great if you don't want to go far for nightlife, but the blaring music can be startling as you make your way to your room. Another minor drawback was the hotel casino that was being constructed adjacent to the hotel. The project was supposed to be finished in Fall 2008 but its looks more like Spring 2009. While I'm sure the casino will be great when it is done for now it is just a noisy eyesore. Overall, I can't imagine a better place to stay in Puerto Rico. For more info about our trip to Puerto Rico visit our travel blog at http://patrinadoestheglobe.blogspot.com/  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KingMarcus
<Content>Amazing Beach Front Hotel with greatful Staff and Service       Lounge area  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DollherBill
<Content>Excellent ambiance If you are looking for a cool and sleek place to stay look no further. The lobby and rooms are outstanding and the level of cleanliness in high. The pool area is fantastic with sun and shaded areas. Best of all they have a business center that offer free internet access (you might be getting away but you still need emails!). A few of their tasty Mojitos, their funky chips and salsa and a good book by the pool make for a great afternoon. I suggest ordering your second Mojito when they bring you your first as the service is probably the only let down at this resort.The area is safe, just ignore the odd street bum, and there are plenty of dining options within walking distance. Try the trattoria next door - good light fare. Another good option is Yerba Buena - if just want American there is a Chilis about 10 minutes walk.The beach is cleaned every morning and is safe during the day. At times there is a wicked shore break so be careful and don't turn your back on the ocean - however if you like playing in the surf you will have a ball.The Marriott is five minutes walk where they have a Casino ad across the street from there is a Starbucks.Contrary to other reviews I didn't experience such loud music - the lobby bar had a DJ and in the pool area at night they had a band. Seems like a good thing to me.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>mysons27705
<Content>Spectacular Hotel We've stayed and Normandy and Hilton Caribe, and they were OK, but La Concha is breath-taking. Five wonderful nights. Glass wall to the ocean leaves you feeling like you are being rocked to sleep. Food wonderful - yes, hotel food was actiually wonderful. Cuban sandwich and steak/plantain wrap by pool yummy. Decor so hip. Lobby is elegant, open, and inviting. It spills out into broad lounges under palms for cocktails, and then further out to pools, canopied sun-beds, and sofa-lined breezeways with constant silky breezes that reminded us of Hawaii. Surf is rough, and watching surfers good entertainment. Work-out room is large and well-equipped, with separate room for spin class. No spa, but maybe one is planned? The _16, _17, _18,_19 room numbers are tiny, but still have view. The fabulous manager, Alfredo, moved us right out of 1118 and into 512. He is charming and you can tell why the place is so clean and elegant - he stopped to pick up a speck from the carpet while talking with us. Real Puerto Rican coffee and quesitos in the lobby in mornings. And it din't hurt that we ran into George Clooney and Kevin Spacey, who are staying there while making Men Who Stare at Goats.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chicago1959
<Content>Love La Concha My husband and myself went there for dinner (which was my b-day) the reason why we were there at the beginning. The dinner was fantastic and the people were wonderful. We love the decor and decided to stay for the rest of our vacation. I am coming back next year and this is the only place I will stay. The location is great - walking distance to everywhere you want to go. The rooms were clean, the staff helpful - I did not want to leave.Marcia JOctober 2008  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cutie18674
<Content>fun hotel Stayed there two nights before our crusie. On friday nights the hotel is jammming like a club. The rooms were comfortable kept clean. The staff was always pleasant. I would recommend this hotel to young ones. I would stay there can again. You can walk onto the beach or swim in their pool facing the beach. They have outdoor music too. Service wasn't great outside at night. and Walking distance to restaurants. We had a great time there Taxis available when needed.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elirod
<Content>Great Stay The hotel is great, has a great locationThe bell staff was awesome! We left our car at Valet and they had it ready for us everytimeThe staff overall was greatFood was goodThe beach is not the best but worksThe pool is greatThe room was very comfortable and had great viewsThe fitness center is very modern and has great viewsNote: Fridays  Sat the hotel lobby is packed with locals and they have music, it could annoy some people...  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerD_GJ
<Content>Beautiful Atmosphere       La Concha  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Atlantafunsize
<Content>Great Service and Fun Atmosphere The service at this hotel is outstanding! Me and my girlfriends stayed there for a long weekend and had a blast. The hotel lobby/bar is a fun place to get a glimpse of the local scene - very vibrant on Friday and Saturday nights.Frankie and Louise were amazing and always there to help out. The last night we stayed it was raining and we wanted to go to a nice dinner. Frankie went outside and negotiated a rate with the taxi - which was above and beyond his role. Louise had a welcoming demeanor and always greeted us with a smile. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ErinPB
<Content>A nice place to stay My husband and I went to San Juan Puerto Rico for our 10 year anniversary and stayed in the La Concha Hotel. The hotel is fairly new, I think it opened the previous December. It was very modern. My husband and I joked that it was like walking into an IKEA showroom. We were placed near the new construction, and we could hear the banging in the morning, but it was not so loud that we could not hear ourselves. We left the window open the first couple of nights to listen to the waves as we fell asleep, but then would awaken in the middle of the night to use the restroom and find the tile floors slick with condensation. So we kept the windows closed at night - there is not sound with the windows closed.:-( The overall stay at the hotel was nice. I was a little disappointed in the quality of craftsmanship, there were paint splatters in the bathroom and places where the tile was not aligned well. I don't mean to be over-critical, but when you go to a five star hotel in the States, your expectation is perfection.Beware of the drivers when you rent your car. The posted speed limit might say 55, but no one is going over 50. There are no lane lines on most of the highways, but we did find near the end of our stay a toll highway where there were lines and it was clean and people mostly drove the speed limit.There are many American restaurants near the hotel, as well as some very good local eateries. If you are looking for a really nice place to celebrate a special occasion, the restaurant inside of the shell is ultra fancy (with ultra fancy prices, too!). My husband and I enjoyed a very nice meal and the wait staff were very attentive.Very nice exercise room, which was deserted all but one of the days that I was in there. Nice pools and spas.There was a lot of construction in the area when we were there. My husband and I counted at least a dozen cranes across the skyline in just the Condado neighborhood alone.We went on an all day sailing excursion with Erin Go Bragh. There were only 6 passengers, plus the captain and his wife and activities that they had planned were very enjoyable. I had the displeasure of becoming sea sick on this trip, and Ingrid (captain's wife) was very attentive and had every natural remedy available for my use if I wanted it.We also went on a jet ski tour of the Old San Juan area. We were the only party to show up on the stormy Monday, so we had a very private tour. It was a lot of fun, but the water was choppy outside of the bay, which made it a little scary (my husband would call it more fun). The tour guide was a little over the top with having us pose for pictures (which he then attempted to sell to us at the end of the tour) and having us act like pirates from centuries ago storming the fort, but it just added to the fun.The fort and castille are not to be missed, and walking around Old San Juan was fun. We even went to eat in one of the restuarants Rachel Ray has done for her $40 a day show. It was called Bombonera, retro Woolworth's cafeteria place that looks a little scary and has gross bathrooms, but there are only locals eating insides, which always says something about the good food.We did go to Bacardi, the tour was informationaly, but the store was very lacking. We did each get two drinks (swallows) for free.A very enjoyable trip, it was nice for grownups, but I would probably wait until my children are in their teens before considering taking them to San Juan Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>ntejada
<Content>The Good and The Bad       Old San Juan  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>OrrScores
<Content>Very good experience, exceeded expectations       Relaxing on the beach at la concha  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Laura_Wilde_7
<Content>Wow! This is an amazing hotel!       A shot of part of the bathroom  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bgjconnection
<Content>Fantasic stay at the LaConcha Renaissance Resort in PR My husband and I stayed at the hotel for a long weekend. Upon entering we were greeted with staff who were very helpful. From the bell captain, who went out of his way to provide assistance, to front desk staff, everyone was helpful. We were given a room with a fantastic view of the ocean. To say we were delighted would be an understatement considering we did not know what we would find upon entering. The hotel staff is exceptional, location is ideal to walk and see the area and it is in close promixity to Old San Juan. I really enjoyed the toiletries, I know its a small thing but it does make a difference. We will certainly return and would be happy to get another great room. Oh, I am still at the hotel and didn't want to miss the opportunity to provide positive feedback regarding our experience. BGJ  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ksamuels22
<Content>The BEST hotel in Puerto Rico I recently visited San Juan, Puerto Rico with my boyfriend from July 25-July 29, 2008 and stayed at La Concha Resort. I am one of the most pickiest individuals on the planet and it is extremely hard to impress me, but I must say that La Concha was definitely one of the best hotels that I have ever visited. First off, let me mention that I am 25 and from Miami. I am used to great beaches and beautiful hotels (The Mandarin Oriental, The Delano, The Tides) so it it takes a lot to impress me. Although I have never written a review, I felt obligated to get online and share with others, my wonderful experience. From the moment you pull up to the hotel, you will notice the hotel's trendy/modern appeal. From the front desk to the restaurants, to the fitness area, to the pools you will be overly satisfied with the overall level of luxury. From the second you open your room door, you cannot escape the ocean. The view is spectacular!!!!! We were blown away by the view and the fact that we could clearly hear the waves crashing from the 11th floor. The rooms are extremely modern and equipped with white plush linens, flat screen tv sets, ipod stations, dvd player, and stereo system. The bathroom is extremely clean (one of my requirements) and very modern. Although slightly pricey, the food was excellent at La Concha. The buffet breakfast is to die for. The pastry chef deserves 20 thumbs up as well!!! Employees are extremely professional and very friendly! Lastly, this hotel will suit people of all ages. Although this hotel is extremely luxurious and modern, it has a fresh, fun atmosphere that is very inviting. On the weekends, this is the place to be for the locals!!! It definitely has a south beach feel to it. I felt right at home. While you are in Puerto Rico, check out El Yunque Rainforest (take the trail to the big waterfall- i think the name was La Melia Falls), Bacardi, Culebra Island, Old San Juan (Try the Dragonfly Restaurant) and Plazas Las Americas (one of the largest malls that I have ever seen). By the way, make sure to rent a car bc that is the best way to get around- and believe me, you will save more money than by getting taxis to take you around. La Concha is in the perfect location bc it is minutes from everything. I will definitely be going back to Puerto Rico next year and the only place that I would even consider staying at is La Concha Resort.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>latinachick
<Content>Gret Hotel - but Room for Improvement The hotel is beautiful; however, there are several issues that I feel should be taken care of:1 - My husband and I stayed from 8/7 -8/12 and not once were we asked for our room key anywhere (pool area, etc.). It makes you wonder if anyone can just walk in and either use the facilities or worse, have access to the upper floors (guest rooms).  2- the bathrooms need a good and thorough tile scrubbing. Because of the hotel's proximity to the beach there is a lot corrosion and iron in the water.3 - The breakfast buffet needs improvement. We had the buffet one morning and the pancakes were like rubber; maybe they should consider making them when requested. The drink prices are a little too high ($8.00 for a local beer or a rum and coke in a small glass?!)4 - Scheduling of events - during our stay they had two activities going on at the same time - one was a private party for Finlandia vodka and one of the pools (the infinity pool) was closed to anyone not on the guest list. The other activity was for a cookoff around the main pool - restricitng access to the hotel guests. I though this was very unfair to hotel guests who expected use of all the facilities during their stay.All in all, we loved our stay there, and will probably stay there next time we go back. But being Marriott Rewards members and having the San Juan Marriott down up the street, we may rethink our options.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BFFMaryland
<Content>Not the best Marriott resort My family  I (4 of us) just got back from a short stay at the Concha Resort (Marriott) in Puerto Rico. We had taken a cruise out of San Juan  thought we'd spend a few more days in PR so that our children could see the forts, el Yunque,  experience the culture. Upon arriving, the resort was very stream-lined and modern. There were 2 pools (one facing the beach). They had laptops in the lobby/bar (so that you could use them  enjoy the contemporary decor) or you could go into the business center. They have multiple restaurants (including a tapas restaurant,  the Perla). The casino has yet to open. The front desk clerk (Rosemary) was beyond helpful  pleasant (as was the bellboy working with her that day). We were a little dissapointed in the room (with the exception of the awesome view of the beach  ocean). The resort is not even a year old and the walls/furniture were marked, scratched,  worn. Housekeeping didn't clean our room until (approx.) 5 p.m.. I even saw a silver fish (bug) in the shower. After taking a shower my family  I would walk barefoot around in the room (which was carpeted)  by the time we put our shoes on our feet were filthy!If given the chance I'm not sure if I'd stay there again. There are so many other resorts on the island  for the money people pay to stay at a resort, a clean room shouldn't be a problem.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	-1	4	

<Author>fluxmoto
<Content>Best Hotel We've Ever Experienced! Perfect oasis by the beach. Infiniti pool on beach overlooked water perfectly. Every detail in lobby and multiple pool areas were unsurpassed. Staff was helpful and polite. The gym was more than inviting. Great experience everywhere. Rooms were visually exciting and stylish. (slight negatives: small balconies/can't sit outside; no bathtub). Overall, this was a Great Escape following a bad night of mosquito bites in the mountains. Family needed to escape back to city and chose La Concha because of the cool architecture. Couldn't have chosen a more perfect hotel. (Although $15 eggs benedict at breakfast should have come with potatoes or some type of side)Recommendations: pina colada by pool!!Will definately return! (PS-my two year old loved it).PERFECT FOR BACHELOR/ETTE PARTIES!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ksdfairy
<Content>Loved the beach I loved this hotel. It was chic in style and the staff was so friendly! Our room had a fantastic view of the beach and my favorite part of the day was waking up every morning opening the curtains, drinking my coffee and looking at the waves crash on the beautiful beach below. When I go back to Puerto Rico I would want to stay here again. The worst part of my trip would have to be the Barrachina restaurant in Old San Juan. The place that claims to have invented the Pina Colada. I'm not sure if this is true or not and I don't know if the food is any good. My party and I were ignored for about 20 minutes (not even a drink order was taken) and then as we got up to leave the staff decided to pay attention to us and one of the waiters tried to start a fight with someone in my party. Never go to that restaurant!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SupaStarr
<Content>Loved La Concha!!!! Thoroughly enjoyed a 4 day, 3 night stay at La Concha. This property is gorgeous, mod, hip, romantic and conveniently-located. I occupied an oceanview room on the 11th floor and recommend the higher floors if you want to avoid the noise/music from the nightscene at the pool and bar/lounge areas. The rooms are spacious, clean and equipped with a large flat-screen tv and iPod dock. The bathroom has a unique setup with a half-glass door and two different showerheads. Although the bathroom is fairly small, they made good use of the space if that makes any sense. The art-deco lobby is very bright and has an open layout, filled with lounge seating and a few laptops sprinkled throughout. You can also use the Business Center which has 3 computers and a printer. Very handy!! Although you don't pay for the use of the computers, this cost is being absorbed through the daily resort fee you pay upon check-out.The entire property is not over-populated so you can really enjoy the beautiful pools and beach. There are lounge beds and cabanas strategically placed around the property which are great for privacy or for a romantic touch.The restaurants have tasty food and drinks, however the prices are a bit high in my opinion. There are a few nearby restaurants that serve local food and the prices are more reasonable and the quantities are large. You can get great sangria from these establishments also. Big Plus!!The lobby turns into a hip nightscene with DJ playing techno, house music. If you'd like to experience the sounds of a live band playing salsa and merengue, you can walk 3 blocks to the other Marriott property. There is a nice casino there as well.The staff is extremely friendly, knowledgeable and provided top-notch service. The concierge will assist you with car rentals, directions, restaurant reservations, etc. La Concha is the hottest hotel on the Condado. The nearby construction can be an eyesore, however, La Concha shines on its own--it's a true gem.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SmoothGem13
<Content>Good but could be better I stayed at La Concha for 5 nights. This is my last night at La Concha and decided to write a review while I am here. I am in the business center which has 3 computers. They also have several laptops in the lobby during the day. They are all free to use. Actually, you pay a resort fee so it is part of that fee. I will give a quick overview of my stay.AIRPORT: the trip from the airport was $18.50 for 2 adults and two bags. It was a quick ride and the taxi attendants at the airport were very efficient.CHECK IN: I arrived 2 hours prior to the hotel's 4 PM check in. I was told that my room was not available however, I would get a call on my cellphone when my room was ready. I was also informed that there would be a daily $100 charge on my credit card until I checked out. I decided to go to the gym while I waited for my room. The staff was quick to direct me to the lobby bathroom where I could change my clothes to go to the gym. I stayed in the gym for an hour then returned to the front desk to see if my room was ready. The staff at the desk informed me that they had tried to reach me and left a message that my room was ready. The call came 10 minutes after I had left the front desk. I did ask for a higher room but they did not have any due to a wedding party. I ended up on the 4th floor which was okay.ROOM: Although the lobby is beautiful, I found some fault with my room. The carpet was stained. There weren't any doors on the closets. The toilet handle would get stuck in the down position everytime you flushed. This caused the water to continously run unless you lifted the handle back up. I reported this problem the first day when I arrived. The front desk staff said they would send someone up but when I returned to the hotel later that day, it was not repaired. There seemed to be pictures missing from the walls in the room. There was not anywhere to hang wet bathing suits. Most people put their suits on hangers and hung them on the railing of the small balcony. Once these minors things are dealt with, the rooms would be great.STAFF: All of the staff was very helpful throughout my stay here. They were all pleasant and always eager to help. The only complaint I had was with the housekeeping staff. I did not find that they did a good job cleaning the rooms and replacing items. I was in the room one day when the maid came. She made up the bed. She cleaned the bathroom. However, she did not sweep the tiled floors, did not vacuum and did not wipe off any furniture in the room. This was on my third night here so I feel that there should have been some extensive cleaning by then. They give you a robe to use and I put it to be cleaned the third day of my stay and was not given a replacemnt one. There were extra towels in the room upon arrival but were never replaced when the maid came. On my fourth day, I did call for extra towels and the robe; they were both brought up promptly. I also had to call for extra toilet tissue because the maid never replaced them. Today my room was not cleaned when I returned at 4 PM. This was the first day that happened. I called and it was cleaned within the half hour. Also, one day the maid left the toilet bowl cleaning brush ON THE COUNTER! YUCK! Another day, the maid left a dirty pillowcase on the dresser. I am not a clean freak but there are some things that are not acceptable.For the most part, I enjoyed my stay here and would stay here again. the gym is FANTASTIC!!! The pools are nice. They are there for relaxation not intensive swimming. I ate at the breakfast buffet one day. It was good and filling. I mostly ate outside the hotel. For dinner, I ate twice at Orozco's down the block. I went to Columbo's for lunch one day. I ate empanadas from the little store across the street most days. They were good and cheap!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sweebs
<Content>Very Happy With La Concha My husband and I stayed at La Concha from July 13 thru July 17 and were very happy with the hotel. The staff was off-the-charts helpful, the lobby and pool areas were stunning and the pool waitresses could not have been more attentive. The room was lovely (ocean front) and very spacious with a large flat-screen TV and a helpful Ipod charger! One morning we slept in and received a call from housekeeping wondering if we required service. When I said yes they actually scheduled an appointment to clean the room at my convenience. Also, we never had an issue with security or safety and were frequently asked for our room key.The few downsides include the surrounding construction in Condado which is out of the hands of the hotel. The area is going thru a rebirth and will be amazing in a few years. For now, you have to deal with some cranes, etc. Also, La Concha may want to rethink the 4pm check in policy. We arrived much earlier and had to kill time at the bar without our mosquito repellent (it was in our luggage). 4pm is way too late. All in all...we liked La Concha a great deal and would return!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>Senior-Top-Dog
<Content>Room for improvement Stayed here for 5 nights in July for 2 business trips. Positives: Great location - many very good/excellent local restaurants within walking distance. Very helpful  knowledgeable concierge. Efficient check-in  valet. 5 minute jog east to mostly residential areas of the Condado. Lots of locals mixed with the tourists makes for an upbeat environment. Great lobby/bar area. New rooms (12/07) are sleek  ultra functional. Great floor to ceiling oceanfront windows. Can listen to the ocean, feel the breeze at night!! Improved security in the pool area - Had to show my room key even at 6am!Negatives: Most Marriott properties have a Continental Buffet for cereal, fruit, etc. Had to pay $20 for the full buffet every morning, yet still only had a choice of 5 cereals - only 2 healthy choices. Had a delay one morning to get coffee - no waiter was around.Room not cleaned to Marriott standards - saw the same 3 pieces of rice on the floor 3 days in a row; bathroom shelves needed more attention  saw some small ants during my last stay. Deadbolt didn't work because the frame wasn't square.Overall: I think it's probably the best place to stay in the Condado area, but could use some improvement.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>GAPacheco
<Content>Nice stay! My sister and I are both from Puerto Rico but we live in the states and had not gone back to visit in a very long time. We decided that going home together would be a great experience since we would be going as tourists and we had not seen each other in three years. We decided to stay in La Concha because of its location and good reviews. We were given a beautiful room on the seventh floor with a beautiful view of the beach. The hotel is very modern and beautiful and the employees are all very friendly, respectful and always willing to do everything that will make your stay more comfortable.La Concha is a hotel for young people, newlyweds or mature people who like to have fun and stay up until late. I would not recommend it to families with small children. Music and loud people can be heard upstairs until early morning hours. The beach, although very beautiful, can be very dangerous to little ones.The location of the hotel is very convenient as you can walk to other hotels and various good restaurants. The food served downstairs by the pool is excellent although pricey. Ikakos across the street has very good food at reasonable prices. The Luquillo beach is beautiful and if you have time to go to Culebra and Boqueron, do so. Culebra has the most beautiful beach with the right number of visitors. It was a delight to spend the day there. Do not expect any conveniences if you go for the day. Make sure that you fly (takes 15 minutes) and that you take your own towels. Once there, you can take a cab from the airport to the beach for $2.00 per person. Old San Juan and El Yunque are a must. Make sure that you shop for items made in Puerto Rico. Do not confuse them with souvenirs made in China. One note: If you intend to pay the hotel with a credit card, you will be charged for your entire stay plus assumed incidentals on the day that you check in. In our case, the extra charge was very high. It took them six days after we checked out to correct this charge to the actual amount. It would have been nice to be told in advance.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>PR_Travelers
<Content>Great Place New, modern hotel that is centrally located in San Juan. The pool and beach area are great.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	4	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TxT97
<Content>Lovely property, but room for improvement       View of lounging area on beach  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ddh05
<Content>Don't hesitate to book here Took a long time to decide on hotel and was glad choose this one. Went on a girls getaway and was also considering Marriott Casino down the street (definately book there if have kids, La Concha if adult vacation). Only heard construction noise one morning in room and think wouldn't have if wasn't already awake. Small noise at pool but there is so much construction overall that is it surprising didn't hear more. Would not hesitate not to stay because of it. While lobby was a 'hot spot' on Friday and Saturday night did not hear noise (was on 10th floor) and was on the young side (early 20s). Was not really set up to met people but to socialize with those you were with. Service was excellent, had to have someone come up to change the ipod connection and was done by time returned to room. If looking for towels always were some down at the towel station by the beach. The pool on the beach has a much better breeze than the upper level pools. Service was great except a bit slow ordering breakfast in hotel lobby. Only problem check out - 1st key disabled before check out time so had to go to lobby and get it reactivated. Also two of the three elevators were down for awhile (finally got two of three working) so there was a long wait as everyone trying to get their bags down for checkout - suggest if don't need room until noon, check out early and check bags. Take the barefoot cruise they can set up for you, if you like the water, well worth the $85 per person for the day. Found drinks all over expensive ($10 to $12 for mojito) Columbos (right when leave hotel) for food down the street a less expensive option. When in Old Town try out Blessed Cafe' - bartender Willie (during day) was happy to give suggestions as to where to go. Dragon Fly was as good as everyone says but do make sure to have a drink in their downstair's bar - more atmosphere than upper bar. If had another day would have ventured to the surf side of the island.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dallas1love
<Content>Hip and cool Hotel Just read Plain Vanilla 's review of La Concha and had to comment. In no way, fashion or form is this hotel located in a vaguely seedy area  of San Juan. San Juan is a very old and very densely populated city, over 500 years old so it is not going to look as pristine as certain areas of North Carolina that have been in existence less than 50 years and are sparsely populated. This is part of the charm of the city. There are stores of the caliber of Gucci, etc within a 3 minute walk from the hotel. A Vanderbilt hotel is being completed next door.These stores and types of hotels do not locate in  seedy areas. There is a lot of construction due to ongoing renovations and revitalization of the area and this does detract a little from the beauty  of the area. But once completed, be prepared to pay top dollar for what will be one of the most chic and hip caribbean urban experiences. I stayed here in March and will be staying again there next week. The place has a definite South Beach quality and ambience to it. The beach right on property has rough waters, so it is better for lounging. but within 10-15 minutes by car you can be in Isla Verde beach, where you can swim if you so desire.I strongly recommend this hotel for those with a young and adventorous disposition. For those who merely desire peace and quiet, I suggest resorts outside of San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PlainVanilla
<Content>Ok, but not Great I'm currently staying at this property, so I thought that I'd take a few minutes and share my experience. It's really been a mixed bag. In some areas La Concha met and even exceeded my expectations, but in others it came up short. First it鈥檚 on the beach in San Juan. Honestly, the beach here is not that great to me; I'm not a big fan of brown sand beaches, but I suppose that is a matter of personal taste. I will say that the beach looked pretty clean and well maintained. The neighborhood does not seem that great to me either. - Vaguely seedy to my eyes, although it does look better at night. There is a good deal of construction going on in the area right now (including a new La Concha Casino and Suites building going up right next door. Also be aware of the extra charges: $26.85 per night resort fee, there's also a room tax...oh, you want to actually stay in your room?...and there's also an occupancy tax. My room itself was decent; medium size, but big enough for my needs. On the plus side, it's got a full wall window with a view of the beach and ocean, and it鈥檚 got an excellent bathroom and shower. On the minus side there are significant stains on the carpet. On the plus side they have complimentary internet; both wired and Wi-Fi, and that's an area where a lot of luxury hotels continue to gouge their guests. On the minus side, the Wi-Fi didn't actually work for 3 of the 4 days I was here, at least not in my room. The wired connection did work, but there was spotty connectivity in the evenings on several occasions. The BIG issue (and it鈥檚 been posted in other reviews is the noise problem. This is caused by the fact that the hallways leading to the rooms are open to the outside. This means that anything going on in the street (or more importantly in the park next to the hotel, where they have concerts on weekends) can feel free to come right on in. Also exacerbating the issue is the fact that the door to the room has like a 1/4 inch gap all the way around. I'm on the 9th floor and the noise was a significant issue on Saturday and Sunday night. On the other hand, on the plus side they have one, if not the, best fitness centers that I've seen at a hotel.On other points of interest, we didn't eat at any of restaurants, with the exception of the breakfast buffet at Level 25, which I thought was not a bad value. We had a few drinks at the bar, but I can't speak to the prices since I didn't pick up the tab. Other restaurants in the area are fine, although a little pricey for what you get (I suspect that this whole beach area is gringoland). The pools are great, with lots of couches and chairs all around. The staff was fine. With the exception of one day when housekeeping missed making up my room, no problems. All in all, an average experience; not terrible, but not anything to write home about either. I booked through the hotel website at their internet rate, which was about 179, which is not exorbitant for the area and class of hotel. I'm here on business so I'll expense everything, anyway.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	3	2	

<Author>rodneytbond007
<Content>Family Reunion in San Juan Just returned from Lan Concha today and figured that I better write my review before I forgot everything. Well, this was my first time to Puerto Rico and was there with about 60 family and freinds for a Family reunion trip. Our group ages ran from infants up to grandmothers. First off, the hotel itself was very nice. It was trendy in a Miami South Beach sort of way. My husband and I travel often and have been all over the world. We normally stay in HIlton or Marriott properties and are accustomed to well appointed amenities and service. The service here was good. We never felt like we were overlooked. We spent lots of time lounging at the pool in front and the waitresses kept our drinks full and made sure that we didnt need anything. Be aware that you will spend lots and lots of money eating and drinking in San Juan unless you dont mind Subway and Wendys which are right up the street on Ashford. I do have a few recommendations for eating and entertainment.Eating:1. J Taste: in Old San Juan was delicious. They have a full sushi bar and a full menu fr those in your party who dont eat sushi. There were 6 of us at dinner and everyone enjoyed their food.2. Dragonfly: right around the corner in Old San Juan. Try the rock shrimp tacos!3. Columbos: a cheap spot for breakfast, right up the street from the hotel just past the Gucci store.4. The kiosks at Luquillo Beach: They taste much better than they look. This was the best and cheapest authentic food we had the whole time we were there. 5. Newyorican Cafe(sp?) : Dancing..in Old San Juan.This spot was good for dancind with other people over 25. 6. La Concha lobby, El San Juan lobby or Condado Plaza and Casino were hot spots from Wed to Sat late night (after 11pm) People were dressed to the nines. Luckily I had packed my mini dress and heels.7. Request a room on the top floor. Our room 1211 had a full balcony, oceanfront so we were able to sit outside and watch the ocean it was great. Other floors just have little walkouts or nothing at all.8. DO NOT LET YOU CHILDREN INTO THE WATER ALONE!!!A member of our group (25 YEARS OLD AND 6 FEET TALL) was swept away by the rip tide while playing a game af football along the shore. There is a strong undertow and the floor drops abruptly about 20 feet out. he was literally floating out to see until the guy who puts the umbrellas in the sand grabbed a ring and jumped off the breaker wall to save him. They were in the water floating for 8 minutes before the police and some hotel workers came to help him out of the water. He had to be taken to the hospital. There are NO LIFEGUARDS ON THE BEACHBE AWARE!9. There is lots of noise from the construction next door and we could hear everything starting t about 7am during the week.10. El Yungue:Easy to find by car. The lady at the Hertz desk in the lobby has directions. We did the shortest trail which is La Mina and even though it was .7 miles it seemed like a million. I would not have missed it and it was worth the work of hiking to see it. You dont need to pay the $3 at the visitor center. The trail heads are fairly well marked. You will see people parked at the trailheads as you ride up the mountainWe found that many of the nightspots did not card so there were many young (under 18) people trying to drink and party with you. I am a teacher (and over 30) and partying with this age group was not to appealing for me. All in all it was nice to visit but I do not think that I woul return for a pleasure trip. I have loads of pictures, will add later.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChantelleSTX
<Content>June 08 Stay I stayed at the hotel June 6/6-6/8/08. I had read most of the reviews on the website stating that it was loud on the weekends but we travel to san juan often for R  R and wanted to give the new kid on the block a try. First off the hotel is beautiful. The pools are small but the beach is nice. The staff is very friendly, especially by caribbean standards (I live in the caribbean). The rooms are very large, we stayed in an ocean view room and it was completely gorgeous. But I have to say I was completely shocked by how loud the music really was on the weekends. It is a resort with almost all the expected resort amenites (I believe they are building a spa) and they charge resort fees. How can management justify charging these rates when you cant get to sleep until the party in the lobby/pool stops?? The hotel is built in a U shape. You walk into the lobby, which opens onto the pool with the pool rooms on the left (street) and the ocean view on the right. So the music is amplified like a mini arena.I want to stay at the hotel again, the rooms were that nice, but with the noise level I will probably go back to the El San Juan or Hilton in isla verde.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>melissastx
<Content>VERY Chic, but service at restaurant/bar/cabana POOR I flew into Puerto Rico for a fun weekend with 30-something friends. I HIGHLY recommend that if you stay here, you pick an oceanfront higher-level floor, as far away from the pool/lobby area as possible. It tended to be very noisy with the band/muisc on the weekend for my friends, who stayed on the 3rd floor. I didn't have a problem up on the 10th.The room itself was beautiful, very chic with a flat-screen plasma tv, ipod doc, great bed, and great rain shower (no tub) that was lighted by blue leds. The only balconies were on the third floor, above the pool. It appeared that a lot of locals that knew each other were lounging at the pool, and the cabana girl/waitress always went to them for drinks, but I didn't get a visit once. I would suggest the breakfast special package, which includes the $20 buffet, which was very good. Overall, however, drinks at the bar were pricey ($10 including all the tax) for a diet and bacardi or cosmo, and service was not that great...unless you are a rich-looking businessman. The guy buying me drinks got continuous service, but me alone took a wait (and I do tip!) :)  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>CarguyAtlanta
<Content>Close to perfect! We just returned from a four night stay at La Concha and it was wonderful. The service and helpfulness from everyone we came in contact with was excellent. Perhaps we are less needy than earlier reviewers but compared to other hotels on other islands, this one is the best so far. The ocean and beach views from our room was stunning! Our room was large, clean and well-furnished. We weren't in the room much until late afternoon but it was always cleaned by 2PM. This hotel has a very active night life and there are crowds of locals in the lobby and outdoor pool area most every night. One day, the beach pool was closed at noon to build a dance platform for that night's party, preventing us paying guests from using it, which angered us a bit. On a positive note, the music, which definitely could be heard in our room, ended by 10PM. We only ate one meal in the hotel because we're a bit budget-conscious and the food and drink prices are resort-priced! $14 for a hamburger, fries and a 6oz cup of Coke, which they would not refill without charging again, was too much. Fortunately, there are many excellent restaurants within walking distance that are reasonably priced. There is also a Walgreen's a couple blocks away where we could get snacks and water. Speaking of water, the ice and tap water in the hotel is safe to drink but tastes bad. Keep in mind anything you leave in your room is subject to review by the cleaning staff. We had some leftover food disappear which we were planning to eat the next night. We complained and were reimbursed by the hotel but we still had to get replacement food. After a long, hot day, that was a hassle. The safe in the room is large and ours was well used! We did not need or want a rental car. The bellstand and concierge gave us excellent instructions on how to take the bus to Old San Juan and water ferry to Bacardi. We had an occasion to call Housekeeping because they neglected to replenish some necessary bathroom supplies (TP). Within 5 minutes they were simultaneously knocking on the door with a fresh supply and calling on the phone to followup. It can't get better than that! We were very pleased with this hotel and will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>EVIEGrandRapids
<Content>Nice but would not stay again I booked this hotel with Marriott Rewards points (30K) for after our cruise.I expected this to be an outstanding hotel based on all the pictures; reviews; etc.However, though the Staff get a 10 - the rest of the hotel rates around a 3 for tripadivsor rating.The pool was super crowded and didn't seem that large. The beach was nice but careful on swimming! The beach area is nothing to brag about since it is along many older hotels and lots of construction. Getting to OSJ is fine if you take Bus #21 (75 cents each way)but plan to wait a long time if you're on a weekend there. We finally paid 2.00 each (returned for 75 cents out of OSJ) with a group of other ladies so as not to wait longer then we had (45 minutes) Once out of La Concha it was great! Also we were upgraded due to being Marritot Rewards customers only to be charge 110.00 at checkout. We were told that I would receive an email stating that we were not charged and to date we have not received the confirmation. Waiting on bill from CC to verify. All stores around the area are High End - so if you like this - shop till you drop. I prefer the old fashion shops and stores in OSJ and getting a bargain which includes the ships; people watching; etc.All in all the Staff made up for any shortcomings.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bri2fry
<Content>Truly Amazing Experience - A Dream Vacation!       Looking down along the beach  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ATLTravelsALot
<Content>Terrible Service and Very Bad Experience Overall Contacted the hotel a couple of weeks before arrival to inquire about any presidential suite type room with an adjoining extra room. Spoke directly and in detail with the hotel reservations manager. The hotel offered me a good rate so I decided to check out the property even though there have been mixed reviews on travel websites, including TripAdvisor. The hotel has undergone a beautiful renovation somewhat similar to what hotels in Miami Beach went through 15 or so years ago - very Delano/National type feel, especially at night. The views from the room and potential for this property is incredible - but note I say POTENTIAL. Service levels, especially for upscale type standards is horrible. There are glitches everywhere - for example, the room (presidential suite) had no air conditioning upon my arrival and there is no individual thermostat in this spacious room. The phone in the main living area was not working. No hairdryer in the bathroom. No safe/secure way of storing valuables in the suite. The toilet would not flush in the guest powder room. Water pressure in the very nice marble shower is poor and the water ran out of the shower all over the bathroom and into the adjoining toilet/bedroom area. While sitting in a room over 100 degrees for 2 hours (no air conditioning as previously mentioned) the front desk told me to keep the doors to the balconies shut because opening them would not allow the air conditioning to come on. After 2 hours of sitting in a room I called down again and was irate when I found out notihng was being done to turn the air conditioning on! I was put through to a manager who said), I understand you are having problems with your air conditioning - how can I help. Was it too much to expect for the air conditioning to be on upon my arrival given there was no way to control the temperature in the room myself? Other problems are pervasive - never enough towels both at the pool/beach (people were complaining and I even heard staff say where are the towels in this place). Turndown at night removed towels but never replaced them - on two nights I had only 1 towel left in the bathroom after turndown service! The concierge is nonexistent - I called several times during my 4-day stay and there was never any answer at the concierge desk - the phone rang and rang and no answer. Ordered room service and two times the orders were wrong - no orange juice, no cream for the coffee, etc. - order went to wrong room and overall very slow - 45 minutes for them to bring up breakfast and still had the order wrong. The final straw was after I had ordered hotel room service each day (breakfast and lunch) and wanted to order a pizza for lunch (not on the room service menu) they would not allow the pizza delivery guy up to my room. They called from the bellstand and I told them it was o.k. and I could not go down to the lobby because I was on a work conference call but a very rude bellstand manager told me I would have to go down to the lobby myself. When the front desk gave me the pizza delivery number, they failed to tell me it would not be possible for it to be delivered to the room!!! The bellstand guy (after arguing with me about hotel policy and how they did not allow delivery/outsiders onto the room floor) begrudgingly offered to bring it up himself - mind you this is to someone paying a substantial amount of money for the presidential suite and adjoining room - they acted like they were doing me a huge favor by bringing up a pizza. Oh, and should the hotel be so concerned about security, then why are the exterior room balcony floors crowded with teenage locals who just get into the elevators (they are not keyed/secure) and hang out on the balconies at midnight partying? It seemed obvious to me the hotel is concerned more about lack of revenue from a guest ordering a pizza than actual security. What could have been a relaxing vacation turned out to be a stressful situation at the property because of poor training and employees who did not have a clue about dealing with guests in an upscale establishment. I complained to management who was understanding of my complaints but of course not much could change during my stay. Bottom line- this place is new with much potential - the renovation is mostly very nice/beautiful but there is a lack of substance when it comes to actual levels of service. I agree 100% with a previous post - the service is terrible - I'm sorry, but no other way to say it. What a shame because I'm sure the owners and developers have great expectations for the property - but until there is better training and experience from a guest level of service perspective, they will continue to get mixed reviews - some nice/some terrible as is evident on Tripadvisor. I spent over $6,000 for a 4-day stay at the La Concha and experienced nothing but stress and problems every day and every time I tried to get any service at this place. Buyer beware - experienced travelors who appreciate upscale amenities and levels of service will be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>drember
<Content>Chic hotel, great beaches and excellent service - A great get-away!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the LaConcha over the Memorial Day weekend (5 days/4 nights) and I must say it was an outstanding experience. I was a bit nervous in reading some of the reviews, but I was not disappointed at all!!! The grounds are immaculate and while there is still construction going on, we were away from the noise. The rooms are very contemporary and while there is no actual balcony, the ocean views are beautiful!!! The service was impeccable and Frankie at the concierge desk took care of our every need. La Perla restaurant was wonderful and there were lots of local spots for great food and entertainment. The hotel lobby is a happening spot on Thursday's for sure, so if you are looking for absolute peace and quiet, I would say this is probably not the place for you. Also, can't say that it is very child friendly!I would definitely recommend as a getaway for couples, girlfriends and the guys who are looking for fun/sun and nightlife. I would highly recommend and would stay again. It is rather pricey, but the rooms are equipped with refrigerators and there are lots of local places to purchase food and spirits!Hope this helps... EnjoyDKay - Texas  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hun2
<Content>Wow WOW! Ok that said this is a great place. We just returned from a 10 day stay and we miss it already. The hotel was simply great. We have traveled to many islands and countries and this hotel is at the top of the list of the best. When we arrived around 2:00 our room was ready, 11th floor oceanview with balconie on the west side of the building. First we met Karla at the front desk who was a ray of sunshine. From the first moment she made us feel that she new us and was ready to help. The room was bright and had all the amenities and most importantly was clean. Houskeepping came all but one day before noon. Each morning we went to the beach, 2 chairs and an umbrella were waiting. The beach was clean, wide and safe. The water was a bit rough the first few days but calm after that. The beachside pool was great. When we needed refreshed we walked a couple of steps and into the pool. The beach waiting staff was great, they came around often and brought cold drinks and food which could be charged to the room so no need to carry money to the beach. The food at the hotel was great, we had the breakfast buffet included in our rate and its was plenty. It was open from 6 to 11 so depending on how late we were out the night before we never missed breakfast. The afternoon sandwich menu was good and the Sliders were a big hit. Louise at the activities desk made our night time choices easy. She was ready and available to help with questions and give suggestions and appeared to be happy to be helping. Both Louise and Karla made our dinner, entertainment and activity decisions easy and worry free. There are a lot of nice restraunts that are within walking distance, all kind of food, and of course night life and casinos. The Friday and Saturday crowd in lobby was fun, if for no other reason than to watch the people. None of the music or construction noise bothered us in our room or at the beach. We went to Old San Juan one day and back one evening for night time dinner and club. We rented a car from Charlie's one day and visited the rain forest and Liquilla beach, fun. One issue, DO NOT try to rent from Hertz which is located in lobby of the hotel, it was a disaster and in the end the hotel helped us solve the problem by calling Charlies for us. They saved our day since Hertz did not have our car ready in the morning and after we waited tried to give us a car with bad tires. There is a lot of construction in the area, but it was not a problem. The shops in area are many and you can get anything you want. Everytime we took a taxi it was between 10 and 15 dollars, and they were available every place. This was the first time we visited PR, other than to fly through, and we will definetly go back. We went to tourist places as well as local places and the people were warm and friendly and more than happy to help and even just sit and talk. We would like to explore other areas of PR also, but I dont think we will go back without at least spending a few days at LaConcha.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Miel8
<Content>classy and very chic       11th floor night view  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stbartfan
<Content>La Concha-Great Urban Resort Getaway We just returned from 5 days at La Concha in San Juan. A completely renovated, classic, mid century Tropical hotel. It has been open about six months. I read that there were some problems, but they all have been resolved in my eyes. We wanted an urban resort, and this was perfect for us. It is NOT the Caribbean of St Bart. (In fact the hotel is on the Atlantic.) Beautiful grounds, three pools(some would say two), one overlooking the beach. All rooms except the pool rooms overlook the ocean, with sophisticated, light beach furnishing. There is a lobby scene weekend nights, if you want that type of scene. The hotel does NOT have a casino, a plus for us; but they are planning on one.But the best was the staff....have never felt so welcomed,everyone from check in- to to concierge, wait staff, housekeeping, pool staff. Perfect get-way for a few days.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shopsgirl78
<Content>Perfect Vacation at La Concha!! Just returned from a 4 night stay at La Concha. My boyfriend and I went to celebrate my 30th birthday and I am so happy that we did. After reading the reviews I was a little worried that I would be disappointed with the service but I was wrong. Upon arrival at LaConcha I was immediately impressed. The lobby is exquisite. Very art deco. We arrived at 1pm and was given the deluxe oceanfront room that I requested. I called ahead of time and asked for an early check-in. I knew that my flight would arrive before 4pm, which is the scheduled time for check-in . The room was beautiful. It included a wonderful king size bed, flat screen TV, sitting area, and a large oceanview balcony. The balcony is small, but it opens up the the lovely Atlantic ocean. The bathroom is small but adequate.There are three pools for your enjoyment, one of which is an infinity pool overlooking the beach. Lounging couches surround the pool making it very chic and elegant.The hotel offers lots of restaurant choices, all of which are very good in my opinion. The breakfast at Level 25 is outstanding. The poolside restaurant Solera offered great sandwiches and salads. There are a lot of good restaurants within walking distance as well. We had pancakes at the Latin Star one morning. We also had very good Japanese food at the Cherry Blossom Japanese Steakhouse. No doubt this is the best hotel in the area by far. Once the Casino and spa are built, it will be 5 star for sure. If you are looking to have spa services, try Zen Spa across the street. I had a fabulous 85 min deep tissue massage with Veronica. This hotel offers great service. Richard, a bartender and Jessmarie, a waitress, went out of their way to make our stay superb. I think that all of the problems that other Tripadvisor posters complained about have been worked out, and I will definitely be back next year!!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>hanawahine
<Content>Wonderful resort, off-season gem! Just returned from four nights at this excellent resort. We went for a long Mother's Day weekend and had two stylish, impeccably clean and well-appointed adjoining rooms with floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the Caribbean. The experience begins with the amazing lobby (which is also a bar, lounge area, weekend DJ scene) that opens seamlessly to the beautiful pool area with huge, overstuffed day beds with pillows, lushly landscaped and filled with clusters of palms in huge pots, making an outdoor living room effect. Three pools, one by the beach, two terraced outside the lobby, connected by a waterfall. The young, friendly, attractive and very attentive staff are always at your service. The food is excellent: the breakfast buffet is an excellent value, poolside lunch menu is just perfect, and served right from the poolside grill. Dinner at La Perla was superb--the equal of the finest any major city has to offer, at probably half the price, as well as an excellent wine list. The beach is terrific, very wide, with plenty of palm clusters for shade. I would happily pay high-season rates for this resort, but the off-season price was incredible--two rooms for what we would probably pay for one in season. There is a $20/day resort fee per room, but well worth it. They are adding a casino and condos next door, so there is some construction noise during the day, but well-screened by waterfalls and other water elements and some mildly intrusive poolside music. I highly recommend this for a romantic getaway or a family vacation with either very small children or grown kids.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RhondaP13
<Content>Incredible Staff La Concha is definitely a work in progress. The hotel is beautiful though and the staff was exceptional, especially the Manager Marisabil. The lobby is very contemporary with an expansive bar in the middle of it. The pool area was just beautiful and I loved the idea of the lounging couches... Our room was an ocean view, no balcony, a good size and also very contemporary. We had an amazing view of the ocean.The bathroom was adequate, and the bed was comfortable. There was an issue with the air conditioning, but other than that it was a very pleasant room. Our room opened up to construction, but fortunately there was nothing going on, on the weekend. We had no issue with the noise from the lobby, and if you like night life this hotel is definitely a hot spot.For one night pre-cruise it was a nice hotel, but I can't wait until they have completed their construction, and worked out some of the kinks, because its going to be a magnificent hotel. I will return when it is completed.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>absolutjp
<Content>Loved the Resort and the area       Condado Beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>nycgirl1983
<Content>Love La Concha! I just got back from my first trip to Puerto Rico and had a wonderful time, thanks in part to La Concha! The hotel was amazing and I highly recommend it. It's possible that I went in the off-season because the hotel and San Juan in general were pretty empty, which was fine with me. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to an ocean-view room (although, I think most of the rooms at La Concha are ocean views.) The room was great. Very clean with a great view of the water and the smaller pool closer to the ocean. The pools were also great and not crowded either. The poolside food/beverage service was excellent and the waiters will keep the ice coming while drinking your carafe of sangria by the pool. The concierge was also excellent, from recommending restaurants to explicit directions to the El Yunque rainforest (definitely do some hiking while you are there!) Overall, no complaints about the hotel...everything was great.Now for those of you who like food, then you should definitely read below...I love to try new types of food when I go to new places and did a lot of research before I went, but also got some great recs from the hotel. If you are staying at La Concha, you MUST go to the Pure  Natural Juice Bar. It is literally right next door to the hotel, directly across from the Dunkin' Donuts. It was the BEST oven-roasted, carved turkey sandwich I have ever had and got it each day we were there. Pure  Natural makes everything from scratch... breads, hummus, juices/shakes... everything was amazing! You should definitely get lunch there and bring it to the pool/beach with you. Plus, it's way cheaper (and better) than the hotel food.For good, local food, you can also go right across the street to Cafe Del Angel. Slow service (as is everywhere else in San Juan) but the authenticity makes up for it. I liked my first taste of Mofongo.For dinner in Old San Juan, the hotel recommended Dragonfly. All part of the same chain as Aquaviva  Parrot Club which are located right next to it. The ambiance was great and it was the most crowded of any of the places we went, but the food was just OK. Not amazing, but not bad either. It was pretty pricey, but my friend and I did enjoy the tuna tartar, the rice,  the pork. Wasn't a fan of the sausage spring rolls though. If we went back, I would definitely try the other restaurants as well.The last night we were there, we had Cuban food at Ropa Vieja. The Cuban staples were good, but you MUST try the blueberry risotto. I've never had anything like it before and it was awesome. Enjoy San Juan, can't wait to go back next year!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Spinnervisit
<Content>Loved La Concha! We stayed 2 nights and 3 days at La Concha and absolutely loved it. It is very sleek, cool and stylish. Feels like a place where Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and the rest of the rat pack would feel comfortable. My wife called it very swanky.The bell service was prompt and eager to help us with our baggage and car. The front desk check-in was very prompt. The lobby is so ultra-chic you have to see it to believe it. The staff is even dressed to the part.Our room over-looked the ocean. Everything in the room was clean, new and fresh. It had a large flat screen HDTV and an ipod-ready clock radio. Every detail was attended to, down to the bucket of champagne. Our breakfast at Level 25 restaurant was excellent. I recommend the breakfast buffet. The pools and hot tubs are great and there's beach access directly behind the hotel. You can even have your own little covered cabana-like setting if you desire.Walking about in the city was clean and fun and we never felt unsafe. There are MANY restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. There's even a Walgreens 2 blocks away.I highly recommend La Concha for a cool, fun, relaxing stay when in San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveltube
<Content>Terrible experience The hotel looks nice when you show up, but disappoints on almost all counts going forward. Service is lousy...example, asking for a towel in the late afternoon at the pool, and the attnedant hands us two towels from the used towel bin. Tried to get a towel at the beach, and the attendant looks as if you're requesting some sort of miracle. Food was mediocre. Ordered some chips with guacomole and the chips came coated in oil, literally. Would never come back. Only good thing i can say is that the rooms were decent...that's it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>DaniRam2
<Content>What an Amazing Experience at La Concha       front pool view from 12th floor  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JDERV
<Content>Very Nice Hotel - Mixed Experience Just returned from a 4 night stay at La Concha and while overall very pleased, it was a bit of a mixed bag....On the positive side, the hotel facilities are beautiful, very South Beach inspired decor, outstanding pool areas, excellent lobby bar. The room (ocean view - 9th floor) was similar in decor - very contemporary. The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows. The ocean view was fantastic from the room (if only there were balconies..) Each service experience was fantastic, especially Luis in the lobby bar who was very friendly. The bar does get very busy at night but it was staffed by 3 or 4 bartenders and service was good. The Fitness Center is very nice - all new equipment on par with a top line health club. The Valet parking was prompt and courteous.Check-in and check-out were prompt, efficient and courteous.I have traveled to San Juan more than 25 times and this was one of my favorite places - much better atmosphere than the Marriott. As a single traveler I find the Marriott way too family friendly (too many kids in the pool area for example) and there were noticeably fewer kids at La Concha.On the negative side, the air conditioner in the room had issues upon my arrival and also a few days later.. it would not keep the room cool. In both instances a call to the front desk and quick response (within 10 minutes) from Engineering fixed the problem. Also a little surprised to see some stains on the carpet and scuff marks on the wall (from the desk chair) . The windows in the room were also very dirty on the outside - there had been a lot of wind and rain and I know the outside windows cannot be cleaned everyday but nevertheless.. a bit annoying with an ocean view. As another reviewer wrote, I had a similar issue with the wireless internet - requiring use of an ethernet cable, which also had to be brought to the room. The room service menu was also missing from the room. It is odd that there is no hotel directory but not a particular negative for me.Regarding the construction - there were 2 mornings where the hotel-condos immediately next door were pretty loud with hammers, etc.. But the work was done during the day and if you weren't in the room during the day then not an issue. The noise was not noticeable in the hotel pool area. The hotel property itself was having some finishing touches - painting mainly - but not a difficulty or disturbance at all.The Condado area is undergoing a renaissance and while not there yet - it is well on the way to being a true destination spot.Final note - the Argentinian restaurant Uomo - about 10 minutes walking past the Marriott - is absolutely the best restaurant I've been in San Juan.. Fantastic...La Concha is definitely a great place and currently a good value (vs. other properties nearby) and upon completion of the condos and additon of the spa will prove to be even better.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>thoreaut
<Content>Looks great, service disappoints My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a combination of business and pleasure. The positives include a great location and beautiful d茅cor. That鈥檚 where the positives end unfortunately. Upon check-in I was informed that our reserved beachside balcony room with King bed was not available but that they could offer me a pool side room with double beds. I was insistent that they give me the room that we reserved months in advance and after repeated questioning a beachside King bed room miraculously became available. They informed me that housecleaning would need to clean the room first and couldn鈥檛 tell me how long this would take. Not a good start to our stay when our room wasn鈥檛 ready when we checked in at 5 p.m. They took our cell phone number and told us they鈥檇 call us when the room was ready. An hour and 陆 later I went to check on the room and it was apparently ready half an hour ago. Where was my call to my cell phone? We were just waiting in the hotel lobby!The room itself is very modern and nicely appointed. The balcony is a misnomer, it鈥檚 really just a thing 1 foot strip that you can barely stand on comfortably. Forget about sitting out there to enjoy the view! In the evenings the lobby and pool area become a nightclub with music and a scene of people. Okay if you鈥檙e young and looking for this, but I鈥檇 avoid a poolside room if you want to get to sleep before midnight! Fortunately we didn鈥檛 hear any of the construction but some co-workers were woken up by it (I think the beachside rooms are away from all of the construction noise).On day 2, we returned to our room at 4 p.m. to find that housecleaning had not yet cleaned our room. I called the front desk and they told me that housekeeping goes from 9 a.m. until 9 p.m. and that they鈥檇 eventually get to us! Forget that we needed clean towels to take a shower after a day at the beach! This was a recurring theme each day. On day 3 housekeeping actually arrived at 10 a.m. and just walked into our room despite a do not disturb sign on the door. Fortunately we were dressed but the sudden interruption was another major annoyance. Be warned, only 1 elevator works and be prepared for long waits particularly at night when there are a lot of partiers going up and down. Food is okay but we experienced long waits and poor service at the restaurants and bars as well. There just seems to be a general lack of caring by their employees. Just not up to standards that we're used to in terms of service and we will not be back.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>axacruzan
<Content>Impressive, Impressive, Impressive! My husband and I arrived at La Concha on April 1st. From the minute we pulled into the lobby entrance to the moment we departed, we only had one thing to say about our experience: HEAVENLY. From the ethereal white uniforms of the ladies, the courteous assistance from our bellman, to the awesome bars, restaurants and workout facility, this place seriously ROCKS!Having lived in South Florida, this is absolutely the NEW South Beach in the Caribbean. The service is exceptional. We stayed in a 6th floor oceanview suite and when we could not find menus in the room, one was delivered to our door in two minutes!The decor of the rooms is clean, seamless and inviting. We appreciated the rain shower heads and wonderful lemongrass soap. The Voss water was also a great touch.The easy access to boutiques and restaurants is wonderful. I enjoyed strolling down the avenue and observing the joggers. Police presence was heavy but not intimidating. It made us feel secure.Seafood lovers, you MUST try IKAKOS which is just opposite La Concha... a quaint restaurant with reasonable prices. The live lobster was the largest I'd ever seen...literally! Again, the service here was excellent. The three things I would recommend at La Concha are:1- more computers/printers in the public business center2- more literature in the suites to advise how to operate the tech equipment and also more info on activities at the hotel  around town3- earlier cleaning of suites. (we left the room at 9 a.m. and returned at 12:45 and the room had not been cleaned. After a call to the front desk, a housekeeper was there in minutes)As an executive level hospitality professional, I am totally critical when I travel. This property met all my expectations and more. It is worth every penny. I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jyoung3381
<Content>Great staff, nicely decorated rooms but an administrative nightmare to checkout Have not been to San Juan in 30 years, so the wife and I went to explore. We are upper level Marriott RW members and stayed at the Marriott just down the street for one night, then the new Renaissance for two nights. We booked mid week to avoid the music. We were upgraded to an ocean front room on the top floor. The room and the view were terrific. But just like others, we were perplexed with the lack of a Hotel Information Compendiums for the room. Called the operator and was told they didn't have one. (First Marriott I have encountered without one.) So we also could not figure out how to work all the new technical equipment in the room. Tried the wireless internet and it connected but would not give me their website. Called downstairs and was told to hardwire connect my computer. (Cable was in the drawer.) Asked them where the cable went, and they responded  Into the back of the telephone. Thought we were back to dial up, but it was high speed and worked great. Guess the telephone is also internet operated. The staff was the best. They were always asking if they could help. My only negative experience came when I tried to checkout. CHECKOUT TOOK 45 MINUTES!!!! I gave them a $50 Renassiance coupon that they could not post to my account. Asked for a receipt that also included information about my Marriott RW number, which they could not do. Finally got a basic receipt and tried to get my car from the Valet Parking. They asked for proof that I payed for the parking, which did not come up before, so they took my car keys and went to figure out the disconnect. The valet came back 10 minutes later and said, You are all set. I then asked for a receipt for the fee they were going to charge me and I had to have a supervisor obtain that for me. Fortunately I had plenty of time before my flight, but people need to be aware that the Renassiance checkout and administrative system leaves much to be desired.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnLittleJr
<Content>The Only Place to Stay on the Condado Spouse, two kids and I just returned. Despite some discouraging words from other TA posters, we had a fabulous time. This is the place to be on what will soon be the South Beach of Puerto Rico. Yes, the area is in a re-gentrification mode, there is plenty to do and see just around the hotel. Restaurants galore and some very nice shopping...all around the hotel. Now the property -- we have not had such nice service in a long while. From the valet parking attendent (Luis) to the check in desk experience (Michelle Soto) to all of the Concierge staff, I rate this a 4 out of 4...no kidding. For the entire time, the staff were friendly and outgoing and bent over to assist with directions, restaurant reservations, making change at the front desk, attending to some room items, etc;. Can't say enough about the staff attitude and courtesy...no request too much to ask. As far as construction, yes, there is some on property as well as around the hotel (for example, the hotel two blocks away is being rebuilt...it was the old Condado Vanderbilt that is being returned to 5 star splendar) we had NO WORRIES. We were on the 8th floor and never hear a thing (the AC in the room and the sound of the waves helps, for sure). The pool area is very chic and comfortable with ample seating and lounging areas during the day and by night there is entertainment with waitstaff service, so that each night, after dinner, we returned to enjoy bands, fashion shows, etc;. The room is right on the ocean and the views are great. The room has complimentary coffee and wall safe for valuables. I will be happy to reply to posts as time allows if anyone has any specific questions. PS for anyone trying to decide on the Marriott Stellaris vs. the La Concha, I'd say that the Marriott is a completely different feel....it is a loud, big, busy caribbean lobby (coffee shop, lobby bar, casino off to the side with typical Marriott rooms)...we were torn between the two but were SO GLAD we stayed at La Concha.....visit with confidence. They are 2 blocks from each other...same beach. PPS We had a rental car, but didnt need it. The bus stop is right on the hotel property and Old San Juan is .75 and 20 minutes away....it's also a $14 cab ride. Hertz has a rental facility right off the lobby, so if you wanted a car to go to the rain forest or some other place, you'd easily have it. My guess is that the airport is a $25 cab ride to and from....about 10 miles. Also, there is a excursion booking service sharing the Hertz desk, so there are plenty of ways to get info about the area and for things to do. Again, the Concierge staff at La Concha was one of the best I've seen in years.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>h0lidaysun
<Content>Is this a Hotel or a Nightclub? I have never before written a review for a hotel, but after such a dreadful experience at this hotel I feel compelled to let everyone know what they are getting themselves in for with this hotel. I've read quite a few of the reviews for this hotel and am surprised by the positive ones.......this hotel thinks it is a nightclub and is obviously more interested in the revenue/profit from bar sales than it is the comfort of the hotel guests!In fairness, I was very impressed with the contemporary decor of the pool/bar areas, and the contemporary fitout in the rooms is great.But the decor of the hotel does not make up for everything else. The layout of the rooms and the location of the live music means that you cannot escape the music by closing your hotel room door............and the live music goes on to till 11pm, followed by a DJ till 3am on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. So if you are looking for a hotel for relaxation and to catch up on sleep, this isnt it! Perhaps you should look at the HardRock Hotel for a quieter experience!Also the housekeeping leaves a lot to be desired. When you go to a hotel of this supposed standard, you expect the rooms to be clean......on arrival to the room, sand in the shower from previous occupants, and black hairs in the shower, on the white comforter covers and all over the carpet indicated to me that the room had not been thoroughly cleaned. This hotel is still waiting for the Hotel Information Compendiums for the rooms....over 3 months since they opened. So finding out what services are offered by the hotel is a lesson in discovery. Actually working out how to turn down the brightness of the LCD screen on the telephone so its not perpetual daylight in your room is one such lesson.........So, the two main things I look for in a hotel when on a vacation are the comfort (including quietness) and cleanliness of the rooms. This hotel fails on both.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>jbk999
<Content>dissapointing This hotel is a work in progress. Our room was small and had no balcony which for a resort area was a letdown. The air conditioning didn't work well and in fact we met other guests with similiar complaints. There was no bathtub and the shower had a half door which I think was designed for aesthetic purposes, but created a flood each time one of us showered. There was much contruction going on in and around the hotel which left many areas dusty and dirty. On the upside the staff was very pleasant and helpful. The lobby and pool area were nice.I would not recommend when there are so many nicer places in this price range.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>botanical7
<Content>Fabulous I had heard of La concha from some reviews on trip advisor and decided to try it. It is one of the best hotels there. Very hip , nice rooms, great pool and good beach. Everyone was very helpful, if I went back to Puerto Rico I would stay their again. susan  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArikMN
<Content>Fab hotel La Concha is a stunning property, blending 1950s glamour with the latest in hip design. Our room on the 11th floor had a wall of windows facing the ocean - a truly mesmerizing view. You do pay for the experience, but I found it was well worth it. The hotel restaurant (25 feet) and the pool bar offer excellent food - a relief as we were not exactly blown away by the local cuisine (we did try!). We found the staff to be charming but not as professional as a hotel at this level should have. Check in took more time than expected, we waited for our luggage for more than thirty minutes (and three phone calls), reception people could not direct us to a local supermarket (a nice Midwestern waiting in line behind us seemed to know far more about the city...), etc. But I guess this is part of the spirit of the place - we did not mind it too much, just found it peculiar.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Muneca6270
<Content>Same issues are getting old... I鈥檇 like to begin my review of La Concha with positive reinforcement. Puerto Rico is by far one of my favorite places to go and for me, the trip is short, fun and inexpensive which is why I go often. This was my first stay at La Concha; a stay in which I had high expectations. The esthetics did not disappoint! Check-in was pleasant and quick thanks to Louise who was a delight and our room was decent in size with nice touches in decor.La Concha is exciting, fun and flashy. The d茅cor is very retro with a South Beach flair with bright colors on a white canvas, great lighting and upscale ambiance. Plush seating is sprinkled all over the lobby leading out to the area on the way to the main pool and 鈥渉ip鈥?music is playing (softly) during the day hours. In theory, it is truly the place to be.At night, the lobby and pool areas turn into the hottest spot in town with live bands in the early evening hours and then a DJ at about 11:00 pm. Overall, La Concha is a beautiful place to see, and be seen.I could reiterate the laundry list of issues with La Concha and I would except they are already here鈥n multiple reviews. The same issues! Hence the reason for the title of this review.The first night of our stay, there was no mattress in the pull out couch. We called the front desk immediately and they said someone would be right up. They never showed. The next morning鈥othing! I went downstairs to the front desk at about 11:00 am and they sent someone up鈥?at 2:00! This is one of the many examples of service issues. Our first morning there was the first and last time we ate breakfast there. The bacon was undercooked (as were the large sausage links) and the eggs were overcooked. For $20.00 pp for a breakfast buffet, the easiest meal of the day should be a heck of a lot better than that. Shame on you La Concha! Some of the 鈥渓ower end鈥?hotels are doing a much better job at this than you are.Our experience with housekeeping, the noise level (music/construction) and thermostat/air conditioner unit is fairly consistent with the issues of other reviewers.My last and most concerning issue was when I voiced my concerns to the Director of Guest Services. While he seemed to be listening intently, when I finished his response to my concerns are that they have only been open since December. That had been the 5th time in 3 days that I heard that excuse (twice from the front desk, twice from housekeeping and once from the bar. So will apologize here to Luis for barking at him that a December opening is not an adequate excuse for consistently poor service in March) I鈥檝e been one of the first guests at several hotels and you would never have known that they鈥檇 just opened.I could pick this apart for several more paragraphs: frazzled staff, incorrect orders, slow/broken elevators etc. however I will end here with this: La Concha is a beautiful place with a lot of work ahead of them if they are going to be successful. Poor service and food are issues that should be rectified immediately as they will most assuredly keep people away.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>Susancjl
<Content>Our Stay at LaConcha Puerto Rico 3/15 - 3/18 I went to La Concha with a girlfriend celebrating our birthdays.The Staff was very friendly. The pool area and beach were just wonderful. I especially like the fact that the hotel would set up an umbrella for you on the beach so I could get out of the sun when I wanted to. Also, there were plenty of umbrella's by the pool area so you can choose when to sit in the sun and when to not.We ate lunch most days at the restaurant by the pool. The food was very good. Pina Colada's were $9.00 and Mojito's were $12 - a bit pricey so we limited ourselves to 1 or 2 a day by the pool. We went to the Walgreens down the street for some snacks and bottled water.We were taking taxis each day into Old San Juan until we found out about the bus. Getting the bus back from Old San Juan is a little tricky..I loved this place - I only have 1 minor complaints - music at pool area/lobby bar each night very very loud. We weren't the only people that thought this - even the staff agreed with us. It was difficult to sit there at the Lobby Bar due to the volume of the noise. When we went to bed, the music could be heard in the hotel room thoughout the night..  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>psuclint
<Content>Excellent Work In Progress Most of the reviews are consistent with my experience, but the elevators are from from slow, and I noticed no open electrical junction boxes, etc. Yes, there is some ongoing construction in the hotel and the condo tower is in the early stages. We watched the cranes at work while sipping drinks from the beach, pool, or jacuzzi. It was never a bother, as we contemplated which condo unit to purchase.My main issue is with housekeeping. Everyday they were slow, incomplete, or poor. Our thermostat broke on the night of our last stay, but we slept with the sliding door open and it wasn't an issue. The food  drink prices were a bit steep, but not out of line with what I think the hotel experience will be upon completion (high-end and hip). Review your checks, as sometimes gratuity is included and sometimes not. I could not determine any pattern. Oh, and hotel and what to do directories would be nice.Now for the good - Concierge, valet, bar, beach, and wait staff are all charming, attractive, helpful, and witty with positive attitudes. Food and drinks were good. Beach is awesome. If you want no waves, go to Luquillo. Nightly entertainment in pool area and lobby bar was excellent every night. The room was more than adequate, with some chic, creative, and witty decorating (funny sayings on sliding door, bathrobe hanger, etc). Fitness Center was also good.In summary, we had a blast, would definitely stay again, and recommend to others. I give it 4 stars, but expect 5 stars after the opening kinks are worked out.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>TyRyIzzie
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View from our room (4th floor)  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotelreview2008
<Content>Do not stay at this hotel We brought a group here in February and it was the worst hotel we have ever experienced. It had the potential to be a beautiful hotel but the maintenance and the housekeeping have turned it into a disaster. They market themselves as a luxury hotel but do not have their act togeter yet - do not book this hotel you will be disapointed. Casino and spa are not open yet - still lots of construction, rooms are dirty, suites do not have closet doors on them yet, and hotel lobby bathrooms are dirty and out of order  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GirlGoneWorld
<Content>Like a teenager - pretty but moody and pimply This place is a curious blend of so many things, kind of like a teenager - potentially pretty, but moody and pimply. It will be better when it's all grown up. THE CONSTRUCTION NOISE is nothing compared to NYC - but it is constant. And I did have one slightly disturbing construction-related experience. I was on the 9th floor and the fire alarm lights were blinking (no sound though). I was afraid to get on the elevators (which were so annoying, by the way - took forever to come) so I walked down the stairs. They were unfinished and littered with construction debris and garbage, kind of scary, and they did not seem to let me off in the lobby. Finally, I wandered back up to the 2nd or 3rd floor - total construction zone - and a very nice worker led me to the elevator.FOR SWIMMERS: The pools are beautiful, but very small and seem almost more decorative (for the functions they hold in the pool area almost every night). And the ocean behind the hotel is impossible - or at least unpleasant - to swim in. It's very windy, and the water is shallow way way out, with constant and kind of rough ways breaking so often you don't really even have a chance to recover if you do drop down and try to swim out. Also, the strip there looks like some kind of warzone, building after building right on the beach boarded up and covered with graffiti. Kind of spooky and strange. The hotel did seem to be kind of a destination place - lots of cars pulling up to be valeted every night, and pretty people getting out. (Oooh, VIP, our cabdriver said when we got in at the airport and told him where we were going.) You feel almost as if you should apologize when you're cutting back through the lobby like a frump with your bathing suit and flip flops on - it would be nice if there was another, non-lobby, entrance just to the pool area. Lots of business meetings in the lobby, or in the comfy, couchy nooks around the pool area. Music blaring from the pool area every night - not too late, though, kind of nice. SERVICE is La Concha's main problem, I think - kind of a combination of a lack of finesse, and general (albeit good-natured and usually friendly) cluelessness. E.g., waiters wander through the pool area with a tray once in a while, but it's impossible to get their attention even if you're waving furiously and screaming. At $10 a pop for pina coladas, this is just completely dumb on their part. THE ROOMS are nice (part. comfy beds) - but yes, the oft-mentioned lack of any guides, either to the hotel itself or the area, is curious and frustrating. You have to find and figure everything out yourself. Not that it's so hard, but just FYI:To get to THE BEACH, walk out from the lobby to the right of the pools and then go right, through the broad and breezy outdoor passageway and down the stairs. You can get beach chairs from the guy at the entrance to the beach (they're free, but he sets it up for you so bring some money for a tip). Umbrellas cost $10 for the entire day. He pulls the chairs back in at 5pm.THE FITNESS CENTER is right there as well, just to the right of the back (higher) pool. I loved the gym - nice cardio equipment with TV monitors on each machine, a view of the ocean, etc. It was always basically empty.FOOD: Wasn't overly impressed with the food at the hotel, either from Solera (famed Latin sliders just tiny grisly meatballs on boring buns with a little seasoning and some mushrooms or blue cheese, no big whoop) or the pricey room service. You can at least find some affordable, fun and authentic - if not exactly gourmet fare - at the restaurants across the street, the Puerto Rico Cafe, Ikakos (seafood/tapas), or even the extremely divey Latin Star a bit further down (good coffee and basic but tasty egg sandwiches). Ajili Mojili, which I'm probably spelling wrong and which is a few blocks in the opposite direction, was probably the best and prettiest restaurant in the immediate Condado area. And we took a cab one night ($10 each way) to Pamelas in Ocean Park one night - heard it was a total gourmet destination, and they present themselves as such (and charge accordingly) - but were decidedly underwhelmed. They really pushed the halibut, the house specialty, which arrived so overcooked and dried out at the edges we could barely cut it with a steak knife! Sitting out by the beach, though, was beautiful - if slightly too windy... (If you go there, too, be sure to get your cab driver's card on the way there, so you can call him to come pick you up. It's at the end of a one-way, dead-end street; the cab will have to reverse out when it comes.)Oh! Your CELL PHONE will work there! At least, if you've got Verizon. I haven't seen my bill yet, but this was very convenient...OLD SAN JUAN - A cab is completely unnecessary. Take the bus (B21) to Old San Juan (if you're walking out of the hotel, you need the bus that goes to the right). It's just great to walk around here. And we had a delicious lunch at Aquaviva, our best meal of the trip - which included watermelon sangria made with Reisling. The bus takes just a few minutes, is interesting, and costs 75 cents. There are stops every few blocks. SUNDRIES: If you want just some quick snacks or water or something (the hotel has no small concession shop in the lobby - also frustrating), there's a Walgreens and a few places to buy booze, etc. a short walk away to your left. I could never really find a good selection of books or magazines, though - so be sure to stock up before you leave or in the airport, if you're looking for something to peruse by the pool.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>JeffUSA1112
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Unbelievable Service!       JeffUSA: Front of the hotel from pool area.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LNfromNY
<Content>Mixed Reviews Our 3 night stay at La Concha for vacation:We were aware of the construction issues/noise in advance so we were well prepared for that (ear plugs and sleeping pills, which you will need unless you sleep like a rock). Tip: Request a room on the west side of the hotel if possible. Most of the construction is to the southeast in the building next door. In light of the construction issues, I was rather expecting all other details to be impeccable considering the price point and the market this hotel is going for. Here is a list of the annoying problems we encountered:Missing From Room:- Do not disturb sign- Pen/paper- Hotel Directory- Directory of services/ List of amenities offered by the hotel (this is particularly annoying because it's unclear what is open and not open at the hotel right now)- Soap dish(once you open the soap, there is no place to put it but on the counter, where is slides around and gets all slimy)- Area guides, information of area restaurants, etc.Staff/Communication Issues:- Requested list of hotel amenities from bellhop and he brought area/restaurant guides (and appeared to expect a tip)- We called the front desk twice to arrange for taxi for dinner (we dialed zero since there was no hotel directory). The front desk assured us a cab would be ready both times. BOTH times, there was no cab waiting or called and the valet indicated he didn't receive a request. The second time, when my boyfriend told the valet that they need to talk to front desk about them not relaying the requests, the valet said you really have to call us directly, rather than apologizing or indicating he would communicate this to the desk and/or management. (And of course there is no directory in the room so we would have to ask the front desk to transfer us...I was appalled that the valet was basically putting responsibility on us to resolve THEIR problem. This is not the level of guest service I would expect at a hotel like this)- We requested a late checkout since our flight was at 3:45. We were generously granted one hour (1PM) and the desk was not very friendly about it. Not only did housekeeping arrive before even the original checkout time but after we returned to the room from the pool to collect our bags (at 12:30), our room keys no longer worked. Clearly, the front desk had not amended our checkout time in their systems. - Concierge - Not knowledgeable about area. We asked about restaurants and clubs in the Condado/Isla Verde area and she literally read from a guide book, and the place she recommended was in Old San Juan, not the area we requested. We basically disregarded her advice.General Hotel Issues:- Open junction boxes in hallways- Elevators were slow, dirty and seem old- Construction on lower level is visible from beach area...just unappealingMisc.- Hertz counter did not call or follow up on our request for a rental car. We had to keep asking and our rental car delay made us over an hour late for our plans. (I realize this is not La Concha's employee but it's something to note when staying at this hotel. Use another car rental agency, not the one at the hotel)The hotel renovation is beautiful and a fresh, modern take on the tropical resort look. We loved the style but it's not worth the aggravation. In hotels, the devil is in the details and the management and staff do not have it down.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>nova654
<Content>Will be better eventually We just got back from 2 nights at La Concha and have mixed reviews. The property is beautiful. Has the style of boutique hotels, but on a larger scale. Beautiful lobby, nice pool areas and great beach views. We had a beautiful ocean front view room and could not have asked for more in the room. The only thing that could be a little better was light in the bathroom. I did like the call your cellphone feature when you arrive prior to check in time. That worked very well, allowing you to go wherever you want until your room is ready. The front desk also called shortly after we checked in to be sure all was well.Now for the downside. There is construction on both sides of the building AND they start working at 6am (as I discovered on Friday morning). Since all of the hallways are open air, nothing stops the noise of rebar banging, welding etc from entering your room in the wee hours of the morning. Once they are done (schedule says next December), this issue will go away, but beware until then.Also, lots of little things are missing...like do not disturb signs for the room, or the ink cartridge on the printer in the business center where they send you to print out your boarding passes.While the staff was very friendly and helpful, I would wait until construction ends before staying there again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NYCTraveller
<Content>Great Location! I stayed at La Concha Feb 16-19, 2008 and had an enjoyable stay. You can't beat the location if you like the Condado area. It's right in the middle and within walking distance of some great restaurants (Cafe de Angel across the street and Ropa Veija near Condado Plaza). The staff was very friendly and the grounds were always well kept. The rooms were nice and had some nice electronics (plasma TVs, Sony Stereo and an iHome system). I would definitely stay here again and I'd say its worth the extra $ you may have to shell out, although I wouldn't pay over $300 per night.Only a few negatives. They are still doing some contruction so some things are available (spa, a restaurant here and there) I overheard some guests complaining about noise and dust. Our floor on the 9th was fine. Also, the maid service comes very late in the afternoon (after 4pm). And you can forget about a late checkout. I do think the hotel is busy and not all the rooms are open so when they said they couldn't do a late checkout, I understood somewhat. Also, they didn't call when our room was ready at checkin.Overall, its a cool hotel in a great locale. I would definitely reccomend it. Have fun!!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lovebirdsonthego
<Content>Great hotel!! Wonderful Service!! I was very skeptical to stay at this hotel as it was still under construction in January and I had no idea how the condition would be. Granted, they are working on this hotel everyday so it probably is near finished by now. But even with the construction all around, this hotel is in great shape and it beautiful inside. It has a very contemporary... Miami feel. The people working there are very accommodating and they made us feel like royalty. We laid out every night by the pool area and they brought us our drinks and food wherever we were. There is a little tapas grill outdoors by the pool. It is directly on a private part of the beach but the waves are very rough. We elected to drive down the road a couple of blocks to a public beach with much calmer waters. Here we were able to snorkel and we had a great time. The area of this hotel is also up and coming and has several little shops and restaurants to walk to. I would give this hotel a try. We are very picky and I could not find much to complain about. Also this hotel is an awesome hotspot at night. It was nice not to have to leave the hotel for a great bar with live music and plenty of lounge chairs in sight.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelhelpfromLiz
<Content>Never returning to La Concha What a nightmare, and surprising as this hotel is part of Renaissance, so that means it is part of Marriott. While the staff at the pool and bar could not have been any nicer, every day there was a problem - one day no housekeeping, one day they forgot to leave towels, we had similar things in our hall as a previous poster wrote (exposed outlets, etc). The two rooms next to ours were under construction, and that started early and ended late. Our room didn't even have real numbers on the door until just before check-out.... we had a sticky-note thing on the door with the room number. There weren't even pens in the room, no guest directly (I never did find the ice machine or figure out how to use the phone or what TV channels were what).The worst part was that I tried to contact the hotel's GM, and he never got back to me. Nice.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	4	2	

<Author>feddy53
<Content>Modern, ulta chic resort and great stay!       Bar area, lights above bar change color  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SLOFOODIE
<Content>Loved La Concha We had booked our stay at the Acacia Seaside Inn and did stay there for 6 days. It was nice but when they did not have room for us 1 night I called Mariott Reservations and asked if they could get us a room for 1 night. We moved to La Concha with some trepidation but that was quickly dismissed when we saw the hotel and our room. Construction was out front and the rooms face the ocean. We overlooked the waves! It was pricey but worth it. If you do hear any construction, we did not, then take the local bus to Isla Verde, a beautiful beach with safe swimming and lots of things to do. We even tried to cancel our 3 additional days but Acacia Seaside Inn has a 10 day cancellation policy so we reluctantly went back. See if you can qualify for a special rate, you won't be sorry!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>branson4me
<Content>OMG!!! WOW doesn't even describe this place!!!!       View from our Balcony  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bostonlady1961
<Content>Stay away from this hotel! Lots of safety issues and horrible service!       View of construction of new La Concha Hotel Tower being built  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>JessNYC9
<Content>Loved it!       View from balcony  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>derbyNewYork
<Content>Very Modern We stayed at the resort for 5 days in February and truly enjoyed the ambiance of La Concha. Our room was large with a beautiful view of the beach. The bathroom was quite nice with a great shower. The lobby was very nouveau. We enjoyed both the pool areas and the beach. The only set back was the construction noise which occurred every morning. Once this resort is complete it will be force to be reckon with!! DW/NY  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SHB71
<Content>Excellent stay We spent our last night in PR at La Concha (spent the remainder at El Conquistador.) The hotel is stunning and right on the water. The decor is very hip, cool and modern. Our room was amazing. Very bright and tastefully decorated with the most breathtaking view of the ocean;simply stunning. The bathroom, while small, had a fantastic shower with blue lights. The pool and sitting area around it was great. The furniture is very modern. We had lunch by the pool (the latin sliders are to die for!) There is a second pool overlooking the beach along with some comfortable lounging spots. The beach is small but my kids had fun riding the waves. The service is great. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The concierge made us reservations at a wonderful PR restaurant that was a 5 minute walk. There are laptops in the lobby with free internet access. We had fun lying outside on the beds looking at the full moon and stars. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LifeisgoodChicago
<Content>Can't wait to go back! I just got back today from San Juan and a stay at La Concha. Rather than focus on what isn't, I will tell what is. The hotel is beautiful, the room was large with a fabulous ocean view. The window opened so you could hear the ocean if you desired. The staff at the hotel was very polite and accomidating. The scape in the outdoor areas is amazing. White leather furniture and foliage everywhere. One of the most beautiful I have seen. The fitness center had top notch equipment , cardio equipment faced the ocean while you were pedaling. What I liked about Puerto Rico were the people, very friendly. It is not as commercialized as Cancun however I prefer this environment. Yes, they have alot to do in the surrounding areas however, when it is built up, it will likely be very crowded like so many vacation spots. We rented a car and drove southwest on the island, beautiful country. If you like new experiences and can appreaciate a culture perhaps different than your own, I would recommend Puerto Rico and staying at the La Concha.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Geomike
<Content>The hotel has some problems I stayed at La Concha while in San Juan on business. The lobby was very modern and the pool area was beautiful. However, the problems with the hotel started once I got beyond the front desk. I checked in and was given a key to my room. I got to the room but the key didn't work. I had to run back and forth from the 10th floor to the front desk fout times. Some management did try to help, but they stopped short of just getting the key to work so I could settle into my room. It took over an hour to get the key issue resolved. The front desk staff did say sorry. The issue was a poor start to my stay. The room was nice but small. The bathroom was very small, but the shower was great. The room did not have any hotel or area guides. They should have had information on what the hotel had to offer. There was nothing in the room at all. I wanted to work out one night, but the fitness center was closed due to renovation. The room fitness room looked nice overlooking to water, but it was closed. The staff at the front door was great and helped me get a cab every morning. After a long day of work in the office I was working in I got back to the room, however it was not made up. They did not make up the room until 6:30pm. I wanted to get back after work and relax a bit in a clean room. That didn;t happen. In general the hotel lack the personal service and nice touches that other hotel int he area offer. I tried this hotel in the sugesstion of a coolegue from PR. Next time I will opt for the Marriot down the street, or the Hilton every now and again. I travel to San Juan 4 or 5 times a year, but I will likey n ot use this hotel again.The location is very good fro shopping and food/ There are several other hotel in on the same section of Ashford St.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eliv12
<Content>Great Service at La Choncha in a great area of PR.       from our balcany  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BlueMarlinDave
<Content>Sexy, Chic and Hip       Lobby Art  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>cheech78
<Content>Way Overpriced   showReview(13061060, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	2	3	4	3	

<Author>outofcvg
<Content>Will be a great hotel when it grows up   showReview(12829279, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dmich
<Content>Promising but much room to improve   showReview(12618864, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>TravelinAnu
<Content>Beautiful!!   showReview(12436654, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>leondrataylor
<Content>Nicest Resort on Condado Beach   showReview(12427904, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveler1960
<Content>Growing Pains at La Concha   showReview(12358520, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>kaypeg
<Content>The beautifully designed La Concha Hotel in San Juan       Tower Building next door - under construction  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

