<Author>abc123_321
<Content>Good location to see the sights 10 minute wall from the Eiffel tower so a good location to see the sights although the area was quite quiet so perhaps not the best if you are going to paris for the nightlife. Room was really nice - but not big.reception was very helpful when it came to requests.I would definitely recommend staying here.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>genluxx
<Content>Gorgeous little Gem of a hotel, just a little out the centre       main bedroom 2  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RANCorpusChristi
<Content>High rating well deserved My wife, my two children (ages 7 and 10) and I had a wonderful time in Paris over the Thanksgiving holiday. The hotel was exactly as described in the reviews and in the hotel web site. The room was modern, clean and a good size for Paris. We stayed in a Deluxe room with a queen size bed and two twin size sleeper sofas. The staff spoke excellent English and was quite helpful. A large supermarket and several smaller markets are only a block away. Several good cafes are in the area as well. Metro access is easy as well. The only thing I could comment on negatively was the bed was a bit too firm. This was solved with adding a blanket beneath us for some added cushion. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and look forward to staying again when we return.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moonflower14
<Content>wonderful romantic Hotel!       standard room  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deerhunter17
<Content>fine hotel. Through google we reservated a hotel in the XVth precint of Paris. This is by far the most agreable dictrict of Paris. Very less touristst and the real Parisians around. The hotel is good. Parking in front is not only for the 'livraisons' but mainly for the staff, I guess. So they should not leave guests emptyhanded with loose gestures about parking in the neighbourhood. Perhaps create private parking. Anyway, a carpark is just around the corner for just 鈧?4,- a day. A bargain really.Their breakfast is just what you need for a day's start in a designers room. And on the end of the day on our return to the room, it was spotlessly cleaned with fresh towels.Au revoir,Edmondt  Hetty  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>theWindIsBlowing
<Content>Amazing Hotel and Holidays We are just returned from four days at the Ares Eiffel Hotel. Me and my wife was there with other three couple of friends. An elegant hotel situated in a residential area just 15 minutes' walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elys茅es. Ares Eiffel offers excellent standards and great charme. The beatyfull rooms have air-conditioning, cable TV, internet, phone and minibar. In the morning you can have an exellent breakfast and we enjoyned a generous and fresh buffet.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misssnm
<Content>Amazing Hotel! We stayed at this hotel last week and it was lovely - the decor throughout was gorgeous  it was only a few minutes walk from the tube station  only a few blocks away from the Eiffel Tower.We had such an amazing time in Paris as it was our first time but the hotel was such a great find, there are so many to choose from but we definatley made the right choice when we booked the Ares Eiffel.I would most certainly recommend this hotel to anyone, it was spotless, the woman on the front desk was helpful  the location was perfect!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Sandridge
<Content>Great location but rooms quite noisy Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Ares Eiffel in Paris.The location of the hotel as others have noted in their reviews is great , with easy access to all of central Paris from the Metro.The hotel its self is very clean and the rooms of a reasonable size for Paris and much better than those of a 4* chain hotel I have stayed at previously,The only complaint would be the noise, you can hear nearly everything tht goes on in your neighbours rooms and all the comings and goings on the floors and outside.We were on the 5th floor and could still hear street noise so you may wish to ask for a higher room.If you can sleep through noise then this is a great boutique hotel in a perfect location.We did not have the breakfast in the hotel but followed a previous review and grabbed a coffee and bite in a nearby cafe.We did however eat twice at Le Suffren which is just around the corner from the hotel near the Village Suisse entrance to the Metro.We had excellent meals there and the staff were very friendly speaking both English and Spanish.We also had dinner at L'Arome located near the Grand Palais,Saint Philippe du Roule.Which was recommended to us by a French friend, an excellent restaurent not cheap but well worth it for a specail meal.Book early though as its quite small inside.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>boatey
<Content>very chic but lacks hotel services Very nice hotel - clean, just refurbished, - it is my own fault but I had assumed that there would be some sort of room service or some facitilites to make tea/coffee in your room, there are not - the only food served is breakfast which you have to go downstairs to eat and there is only a minibar with some water etc in your room - if you want anything hot you have to go out and get it.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TXgalDallas_TX
<Content>Ares was a perfect find in PARIS We found the hotel on trip advisor and read all the great reviews, etc. Of course never knowing till you get there, I was nervous, but AMAZED upon arrival. Hotel Ares is situated in a perfect quieter district, walking distance to the Eiffel and a great Metro Stop right by the hotel. The staff was great and the rooms were redone incredibly. We would defintely reccommend to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bobobo17
<Content>Nice location at a good value I only spent two days in Ares but there were nothing to complain about, the room service was ok, the rooms ok, and a really good location for this price. Only five minutes from the eiffel tower  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>zerina
<Content>marvellous ares hotel i have just come back from three days in aris and i have discovered a gem ,is not my first time in paris and i know many hotels and i have to say the ares hotel surprise me for thedesign and for the quality of the materials and the equipments of the rooms bang olufsen tv furniture poltrona frau lights in int he lobbie crystal of baccarat swarovski cristal for the brakfast room.the service was gentle ad helpful .the location is really quiet andin the same time near restaurants and shops.the eiffel tower was just 5-7 minutsby feets for my business was also very well located there are three lines of metro at 100 meters of the hotel.i read some different comment on the breakfast ,i have to say that for me was really o.k. croissant pain au chocolat bred scrambled eggs ,smoked brest of turkey camembert yoghurt nature and fresh fruitsalad fresh orange juice and fresh grapefruit coff猫 tea damman and nespresso honey, jam milk as you want just for 15 euros in milan in a four star hotel ihave paied 5 euros just for a glass of fresh orange juice plus the breakfast.i certanly will return with my family very soon ,and i will reccomend to all the trip advisor readers.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mytravelworld
<Content>Nice cosy hotel The hotel is very nice. Starting with the reception, our arrival could not have gone any better, friendly staff and easy check in. The Lobby is stylish French decor, and everything is clean and in great order. Happily the room was also well put together, little touches like Hermes soap and shampoo was also great.One slight down side was the bed, we booked a double bed but got a twin imitating a double. I have to say this was my first time seeing something like this in such a nice hotel. They were also a little stiff/uncomfortable compared to some hotels, but this is just my preference.Location was pretty great, we welcomed walking distance to the Eiffel tower and easy access to many Cafe and shops. I recommend brunching at Le Bouquet de Grenelle near the Metro station, since they make great breakfast and coffee.Other than little things like being a bit lonely and quiet, I can recommend this hotel whole heartedly.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ChrisTell
<Content>Good value in spite of limited room size I booked four rooms for a group of four couples, including me and my wife, after visiting Tripadvisor. At the time of booking, Hotel Ares occupied top rank. Moreover, the room rate was within the group's budget, while mapping the hotel confirmed its central location.Room: The room had attractive state-of-the-art decor. The main problem was the tight room size of about ten square metres (excluding bathroom and lobby). There was absolutely no space for luggage. So this was opened on the bed and then replaced on the floor which made it uncomfortable to manoevre round the bed. Hanging space in the wardrobe was hardlly sufficient for one person. To make matters worse the hair dryer located in that compartment competed for space with hanging clothes.Amenities: An extensive choice of TV channels was available. The internet facility advertised on the Quadriga system turned out to be a joke and effectively unusable in terms of speed and userfriendliness.Service: Reception staff were extremely courteous and helpful. Housekeeping staff were totally inconspicuous, but their performance left nothing to be desired in terms of cleanliness and room turnout.Breakfast: One member of the group tried out the buffet breakfast and reported that the offerring (including eggs only in scrambled mode) was over priced at 15 euro. So we opted for a more varied breakfast for 10 euro at a coffee bar round the corner.General: The central location is indeed a boon. Nearby boulevards Suffren and Motte Piquet are full of shops, restaurants and bars. The Motte Piquet metro station, five minutes away, effectively connects the hotel Ares with the rest of Paris. I recommend Hotel Ares as good value for money, by Paris standards, especially on the strength of its location if not of the room size.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rehau
<Content>Unexceptionable I stayed in hotel Ares from 12 to 16 of November with my family. It was the best holiday in Paris for me: in autumn the city is exciting and the location where we stayed this time (I've been in Paris the last year already) contributed to make the trip simply faboulus. The hotel is well-groomed in any detail; design of urnishings (poltrona frau), tapestry, cleanliness unexceptionable, copious breakfast, courteos and helpful staff at the reception... The place is penetrate of an homely atmosphere but at the same time the neatness never run out.Ares Hotel is located near the Eiffel tower. From the hotel is simply to go in any place of the city with 4 near metro station.Finally: I advise any type of travellers (families, loving couple, single, buisness travellers, group of friends, teen ager etc...) to stay in Hotel Ares for their travel to the ville lumi猫re.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>edweidman
<Content>Hotel Ares Eiffel: Will certainly stay here again A perfect hotel. Service was particularly outstanding.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChiTraveller37
<Content>Hotel Ares is the one! We booked this after much trawling of Trip Advisor and booking through Laterooms and got a great deal. As a Brit, I have travelled and stayed in lots of hotels worldwide and this is not my first trip to Paris. As a couple, we found the hotel to be ideally placed near the Eiffel Tower at a very reasonable rate. The room (yes, if you're not European) is small, but if you are out all day, then no problems if you just want somewhere to sleep in style. From previous reports, we saw that other travellers felt that the service was not great. We must disagree. The owner himself was on hand to make sure that we were happy and we were glad to be left alone to get on with our trip without the intrusion of staff or street noise, as we were on the 6th floor. Take advantage of the 5 Euro a day mini bar refill (soft drinks). If you are a couple and you don't want to put up with families and kids, this is the place to go for peace and quiet and boutique style holidaying at it's best. As for the breakfast in the hotel, having paid 10 Euros for coffee in the Louvre, then 15 Euros each for breakfast is good, as there was sufficient choice from the all you can eat buffet. This is Paris, cheap does not really happen here. We would go back and recommend the hotel, the staff are really helpful (if not a little shy) and well meaning and we were made to feel very welcome.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sparky098
<Content>We loved the hotel - Fantastic We spent a lovely week at the hotel - gorgeous hotel and perfect location. We stayed in the Classic room which was small, however the beautiful decor compensated and the room was immaculate.The staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel itself couldn't have been in a more perfect locale, walking distance for everything including the Eiffel tower and the metro. The continental breakfast offered by the hotel was nice but a bit expensive, and the hotel does not offer any other room service, however it is not a problem as there are plenty of restaurants and cafes close by.If you are considering a visit to the city we recommend that you stay at The Ares Eiffle you wil not be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IvanYB
<Content>A really good place I stay in Ares Hotel for 4 days. It was a wonderful week end in Paris with my sister, and the Ares staff it was really professional and fine. The rooms are very refined and really nothing is leave to random. The interior decoration of the hotel room where we stayed, and the other rooms, is very posh.The location is ideal to start your trip in Paris. In fact the Hotel is located 4 blocks far away the Eiffel tower, and more less to the metro station.I trip to Paris on other occasions and this time it was the more pleasure for me.I advise all the tripadvisor reader to go in Ares Hotel for their holiday in Paris!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>falfosa
<Content>wonderful stay at hotel ares i have been for week end in paris at the hotel ares that we have choose for the the comments on trip advisor .l'hotel is really nice andcompletely renewed this year everything was nice . I really liked the room the parquet the wonderful tv bo and the bathroom with versace tiles the lobby is also very nice wirh the white saloon and the other with all boiserie an with a chemine but the breakfast room is my prefferred whith wonderful black marble withe silver designs.The hotelwas very clean an I appreciated the buffet breakfast is wonderful and not expensive for what you find at the next cafe wher you pay 9.50 for just a glass of orange juice a coissant and a coffe,for 15 euro at hotel you get mixed viennoiserie bread two kind of cheese two kind of cornflakes fresh fuit salad fresh orange juice fresh grapefruit coffe thea nespresso mixed yoghurt jam honey and bread for toasts smoked turkey ad sausseges ,and you can have as you want.i will really reccomend the hotel ares to all my friends,and will be my hotel for my next stay in paris.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RuxandraB
<Content>we will always have Paris... We traveled to Paris at the end of October (me, husband, 2y8m son). I picked Ares Eiffel based on previous reviews (thanks all of you). Last year we stayed at a romantic 4* hotel, in Opera Garnier area, but there are no rooms for families. The Ares location is fabulous, on a quiet street, near the metro station, close vicinity to Eiffel Tower (10 min nice walk on the av. Suffren), 30 min to the Ch de Gaule Airport (45 min during weekdays), 5-6 metro stations to the Galleries Lafayette and Printemps (15 min), 3-4 Batobus stations (25 min) from Notre Dame, 1 h to Disneyland (1 metro + 1 RER).The metro station La Motte Picquet is 1-2 min away from the hotel. There are 2 exits: Village Suisse is closer, but if you want to buy Paris visite tickets you must got to the other one. There are 3 or 4 metro lines connecting to different areas. You cannot ask for more! On Saturday 25 th Oct. there was an antiques market on the street, under the metro bridge. We didn鈥檛 know about it! So pitoresque and surprising! Quite an experience!The Eiffel Tower is indeed very close to the hotel (better avoid visit the tower on weekends) and the top can be seen around the corner. In front of the tower, accros the street, you can fiind the Batobus station. We decided to take Batobus instead of Bateauxmouches or anything else because it really is like a bus and if my son would not enjoy the ride we could descend in one of the 8 stops. You can buy a ticket and travel all day long, getting on and off whenever you like. We booked a triple room, large by Paris standards, with a 1.80 m x 2 m comfortable bed, 4 pillows (2 soft and 2 firm) and an uncomfortable expandable armchair. Furniture is nice and looks new, the TV is an ok Bang  Ollufsen, the windows are large but you must keep it cover because of the wind blowing trough. The bathroom is practical (2 sinks, 1 shower, 1 bathtub, windows), incredible large, but incredible smelly and cold!!! Cleanliness was a little bit desapointing chapter: we stayed 5 days but they never change sheets. We moved a little the sofa bed and we saw a lot of dust, as they never use the vacuum cleaner in that corner. I expected to have more amenities and the used ones to be replaced. The elevator is not as tiny as in other Parisian hotels (it is enough room for two adults, one child, two big suitcases and a small one!), but is the only one and that is not enough. Stairs are narrow and round (winding). Breakfast is expensive, but poor, so you could choose one of the many bistros on the av. La Motte Picquet. Frontdesk is ok, helpful, childfrendly attitude. Check in was fast, check out too. The night staff should learn to answer to somebody鈥檚 bon soir!They have few nice umbrellas you can borough if it is raining. If you want to have lunch or dinner in the hotel area, there are plenty o f restaurants and bistros on the av. La Motte Picquet and av. Suffren. For dinner you better make a reservation, especially on weekends.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Nabedus05
<Content>Nice Location Not so roomy but tidy and comfortableCroissant is deliciousA few minutes for Metro  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>SuffolkRob
<Content>Did the job I (like most people tend to) spent a lot of time trying to find a recomended hotel that would be in a good location for the sites, be value for money, and a nice place to stay.I followed the advice of those that had commented on trip advisor about this hotel and booked myself and my wife in for a short stay. Overall the hotel was very well presented. Modern, contemporary and clean. Didnt think much of the staff that worked there who seemed a little disinterested. The room was very contemporary and in style that my wife loved, although typically Parisian in that it wasnt big. Not a hotel for those that want a bar and lots of facilities.Good location near the Eiffel Tower and right next to the metro with quick links to main Metro stations such as Montparnasse.Overall a good place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>BorisYeltsin
<Content>Great location. We had based our selection of this hotel, for our family visit to Paris, on all the very positive reviews that we had seen on Tripadvisor website. As a result, we had high expectations prior to arriving. We got to the hotel from CDG Airport, by train/metro in about one hour, after getting a Carte Orange travel pass in the RAPD/RER sales desk in Terminal 2. The nearest stop is La Motte Picquet-Grenelle, about 200m from the hotel. The hotel is located on a quiet side street, off the busy Boulevard de Grenelle. The location is excellent, eg. only a 15mins. walk from the Eiffel Tower. There are many restaurants and shops nearby, including all the usual department chain stores located on Rue de Commerce, such as HM, Monoprix, Promod, Sara, Pimkie, Celio, Gap, Etam, etc.. In addition there is a supermarket, Le March茅 Franprix on Avenue de Motte-Picquet.We arrived at 6pm. Our check-in went smoothly. The boutique hotel theme hits one immediately. We stayed in room 32 for the four nights. There were four of us, i.e. my wife, two teenage children and myself. The room felt small for the four of us. The bathroom too was small. The decor was nice however, and very up to date. Versace tiling etc..One strange thing was that there were some flies in the room. Both my wife and son, woke up after the first night's sleep with multiple insect bites. I swatted all the flies subsequently. The flies may have come in via the air-conditioning system, or the window, which was a little loose and not double glased.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, as we suspected that it was too expensive at 鈧?5 per person. We found an excellent boulangerie chain outlet at 10 Rue de Commerce, called Brioche Doree - Le Fournil de Pierre, opposite the HM and Sara stores, only 250m from the hotel. Its breakfast was only 鈧?.90, and included an orange juice, a croissant with jam, and a coffee. Before we found this, we also tried Le Bouquet de Grenelle across from the Metro stop on the corner of Boulevard de Grenelle and Avenue de Motte-Picquet. It worked out at 鈧?0 per person minimum.There were many restaurants in the area, eg. French, Indian, and Italian. There was also a MacDonalds and a Pizza Hut. We tried only one, Le Suffren (about 250m in the Eiffel Tour direction, at 84 Avenue de Suffren), as we were on the move each night. It was okay. All in all, we found it a nice hotel, well centered, and nicely decorated, but expensive.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>DustyDaveAuckland
<Content>Unknown expectation We didnt know what to expect because of mixed reviews. We werent disappointed. Location is great, the staff very helpful and walking distance to everything.The Thai restaurant at the end of the street is superb and do yourself a favour and do the segway tour ( they are just around the corner) - it is fanatastic.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>zarma1
<Content>Modern, up-to-date, well sized, great location (four stars) I am very picky about hotels. Our budget did not allow for more than 310.00 per night - we were willing to pay that much for a nice room in Paris - for less in Paris you'd get a 2 star hotel at most. We usually stay at 4-5 star hotels, but in Paris the budget had to be reduced to 3 stars because we simply refuse to pay 500 or more Euros per night for a four-five star hotel in Paris! The Ares Eiffel is lovely and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. The hotel would be FOUR stars if it was larger and had a full service restaurant. I prefer the three stars for the price and eat elsewhere!The Ares was lovely. Felt like a smaller boutique hotel. Up to date. Not old and stuffy. The weekend receptionist is overly kind!!! The night staff, a gentleman, is very shy and doesn't speak much - not even to say bon soir. That could be improved. You have to leave your keys when you go out and you have much contact with the reception. The metro is about a minute walking distance from the hotel. The Caf茅 Suffren was around the corner and very good (both service and food). The Cafe Garnelle has a Crepe guy on the street and is very very kind- and has the best crepes! We did those for breakfast often. Hotel breakfast at 15 Euros buys you coffee and bread, basically. The crepes are 3.50 and very filling. Full Breakfast in the area can be around 8-12 Euros. Much better than the hotel option.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>rockgoddess
<Content>wonderful parisian style hotel enjoyed a wonderful stay in paris only wish we could have stayed longer..the only comment i would make is the room had mosquitos in because the bathroom window way open ..thats the only negative!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>toolmantadgh
<Content>Hotel with style We had a wonderful weekend at this hotel. The room was fantastic. every detail was looked after, with luxurious fittings and features. And the location is superb- quick walk to Invalides and the Eiffel tower. Staff were generally good. We had great help before we travelled sorting out documents for a visa. Check in was easy and quick. There was quite a wait to check out but that sometimes happens with small hotels. The breakfast area is beautiful, everthing has a designer label. But it is a little too small for more than a handful of people and I'd recommend heading out to a local cafe for le petit d茅jeuner.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>alfredosiralfred
<Content>The most beautiful hotel in Paris The hotel is very well placed and there are many transport possibilities. Look carefullly at the map provided by the web it is very clear. This is the sign of the professionalism of the hotel's staff. Reception desk employees are nice persons,very helpful and they provide several suggestions to enjoy Paris. Clean rooms and new towels every day, furniture is new and there is no noise from corridors. The breakfast is not included in base fare, but I advise to taste it: it is in great quantity and the food's quality (international breakfast,buffet) is very high.I was very impressed with this hotel, expecially for the enviroment: it mixs together elegance, design and originality.The relationship from quality and price is very good.I will definitely stay there again.I'm very grateful with the staff and the owners.I really recommened this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJB8854
<Content>Wonderful hotel The Ares Eiffel was fantastic -- very chic decor, gorgeous bathroom with fabulous shower, on a very quiet street. The deluxe room had a queen size bed (very firm with great pillows) and two single sofa beds (rather soft but nice), so it would sleep up to four. The front desk was helpful with directions, though declined to recommend any specific restaurants. It's a 10-minute walk to the Eiffel Tower and we could see it from the corner -- the view of it lit up at night is incredible. Just one block away is a great patisserie/chocolate shop for breakfast, and the Motte Piquet Metro station.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>citeroturin
<Content>great hotel ares I have been in paris for work and have past three wonderful days at hotel ares the hotel recently refurbished at the top quality standard cristal of baccarat lights versace tiles in the bathroom and the amazing marble in the breakfast room the amenities for bath are hermes the breakfast is very convenient fresh orange juice and freshs grapefruit fresh salad fruit coffe milk the dammar expresso coffee fruit jam buter croissant little breads cornflakes camembert cheese single portion as you want the locatio is very good metro station is only hundred meters from hotel with three different lines .the eiffel tower is only five minutes walking .i want to come back with my family vry soon  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingBubbie
<Content>This Boutique Hotel is a perfect spot for a Paris Holiday. We stayed at this hotel with our 2 granddaughters and it was a very good choice. The Hotel is cozy and friendly, The Metro is very close,a 2 min. walk, there are good restaurants near by, the Eiffel Tower can be seen down the street from the Hotel, and it is a short walk away.The breakfast was very good, you could help yourself to as much as you want of Chocolate Crousants!!!!!! The only negative for us was that there was 4 in one room and it was a little tight , but it would be perfect for two. The bathroom was very modern. There was plenty of room for our clothes to be put away.Also, the free internet is a real plus when you want to communicate with your friends and family.I would stay here again and I recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CosmasHouston
<Content>Impressed from Houston Used the Ares Eiffel for an overnight stay while returning to USA after getting my daughter married in Santorini Greece. It was nothing less than exceptional, with a smooth check in and elegant atmosphere. The rooms are phenomenal (Versace tile in the baths!) and the shower and bath amenities are first class with rainfall showerheads. The lounge area is comfortable and a great place to wait for fellow guests. Check out was smooth with no surprises. Walking distance to Eiffel tower and great Bistros and close Metro station make this a perfect stay. Every part of the rooms were brutally clean.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WesK
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed 6 to 10 October 2008. The position of the hotel is not the most picturesque, being in a back street about 1/2 mile from the Eiffel Tower but the hotel itself is superb. As other reviews I have read have said, the rooms, like in most city hotels, are not large but they are finished to the highest standard. It looks as though the hotel has been completely refitted not just a paint job. Everything from the tiles on the walls to the furniture and the linen looked brand new. Everything worked perfectly in the bathroom and the separate toilet, from the large rain shower to the twin washbasins, and the BO TV was fine, except that there were only two English channels - BBC Prime, showing endless repeats of 'The Family' etc., and CNN news. The bed was reasonably large and very comfortable, although the pillows presented the usual problem of one was too little, two were too much.The only criticism we have of the room is the size of the wardrobe/closet for hanging your clothes. It is tiny - around a foot wide with only three hangers in it (take some of your own). There are also some shelves, a small fridge and a safe built in as well so we could only take a few shirts etc. out at a time to hang up.The area around the hotel had many restaurants and a supermarket and the Metro station (La Motte Picquet Grenelle) around the corner was on three different lines and was very convenient - we went everywhere on the Metro, very cheaply (the only thing that was cheap in Paris!).We thought EUR15 was expensive for breakfast before we got there but we looked around the local restaurants and whilst you could find cheaper options, they generally only included juice, a croissant and a pastry for about EUR9 or 10. The hotel buffet included (very good) fresh fruit, toast, fresh juice, yoghurt, cereals etc. as well as croissants and pastries, so was much better value.The people who staffed the hotel were always friendly and helpful and we enjoyed our stay here, even though we found everything in Paris very expensive.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>dlmcarw
<Content>Fantastic hotel The hotel decor was gorgeous and the room and en suite was very clean. From the Versace bathroom tiles, to the personalised greeting on the flat screen TV in your room when you arrive, everything felt very luxurious. The room was quite small but for sight-see-ers this really wasn't an issue, although for those looking to spend longer in the hotel it may become a little cramped. There was a wide range of foods to choose from at breakfast, which was enjoyed in a very modern and wonderfully decorated dining area.I have no complaints and can wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Fred08Sydney
<Content>Hotel Ares The Hotel Ares is gorgeous. Recently renovated in a very classy decor. The staff were extremely helpful and it is only 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower and 2 minutes to the metro. With young children it was a safe area to walk at night. Our only issue was the beds being quite hard and the breakfast was quite expensive. I would however recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happywhenonvacation
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel - Better Value Than Big Chain Hotels       Bedroom in smaller room  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ermyes
<Content>Excellent hotel. Staff were very helpful, an excellent location, just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower. Rooms very tasteful and plentiful breakfast. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JustMarriedDevon
<Content>Can't understand why this hotel only has 3 stars - it's fantastic!       Lovely comfy bed  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>guakayla
<Content>Some nice touches I travel to Paris frequently and am constantly searching for hotels that can provide quality and value-somewhere pleasant  comfortable without being outrageously priced. After combing through TripAdvisor, the Ares looked promising and I decided to give it a try for a night or two of my 6-night stay. (I like variety). I can appreciate small Parisian hotels for their charm, but usually I manage to snag a good corporate rate at one of the major chains such as Hilton, Westin, or Hyatt which tend to offer more amenities, so to be fair, the 3-star Ares, no matter how pristine, was probably not going to live up to my usual 4-star experiences. The current exchange rate between the $USD and the euro is hard to swallow, so was it worth $400 a night? My first impression was not great, because I arrived late at night, the door was locked and it took repeated ringing of the bell and knocking to rouse the night attendant. I was grateful my taxi driver waited those moments with me, otherwise I would have been a single woman on a dark street by herself. I do speak French, so what follows is translated鈥he night attendant said something along the lines of 鈥淲e didn鈥檛 think you were going to show up鈥? I think it鈥檚 my business what time I arrive, especially for a room for which I鈥檝e prepaid (one night deposited was required on their website), and it鈥檚 his business to answer the door promptly! Even though I was traveling alone, I had decided to book the Superior double at 260 euros/night when I could have booked a standard single at 230. I think that was a good decision, because I sure would not have wanted the room (#16) to be any smaller. I expect Parisian hotel rooms to be relatively small. What bothered me is that when you visit their website and click on Superior room, it shows a bright corner room with 2 big windows. I got a small dark room with one window. When I saw the room, I was convinced they had given me a standard room by mistake. The night attendant was not qualified to answer any of my questions. I would think the person on duty should at least have been able to say with confidence what type of room it in fact was. He seemed perplexed that I didn鈥檛 like to room, and could offer no further assistance as it was simply the room the day shift assigned to me. The hotel was full, so there was no choice in rooms at that late hour. At least he was able to provide me the internet access code and I was appreciative of the free internet. The other great deal of this hotel is that you can take as much as you want from the minibar for only a 5 euro per day fee, but note it only contains water and soda. The bed was large, a queen or maybe even a king. It was comfortable enough, however if the sheets had been a little softer and the pillows feather rather than synthetic, I would have been much more impressed. The other thing that bothered me was there was no place to put my luggage. I had to put it on the only chair and then had nowhere to sit but the bed. I would think it would be in the hotel鈥檚 interest to provide a simple luggage rack rather than having people throw their bags on the new furniture. The air conditioning worked well. There was no iron  ironing board in the room, but the next morning when I called for one it was promptly delivered. The room was very clean-immaculate dark wood floor and stylishly tiled bathroom with double sinks, a bathtub with rainshower and Hermes amenities. These quality elements are what drew me to the hotel in the first place. Considering the bathroom was a design element of the room, I was particularly disappointed that there was insufficient hot water. I don鈥檛 mean it ran out, it was just was not hot enough. At that point I was exasperated and decided I was going to check out as long as I could find a decent rate for a 4-star which I did. When I checked out (at least they didn鈥檛 give me a problem about checking out early) the owner asked me about my stay and expressed great concern when I mentioned the lack of hot water. He seemed caring and responsive and said he鈥檇 check into it. I also asked to see a twin room, which turned out to be the spitting image of the Superior room pictured online-the bright corner room with 2 windows that I was looking for. It also had a larger bathroom. I did not eat breakfast at the hotel so I can鈥檛 comment on that. The hotel is located in a classy neighborhood and it鈥檚 nice and quiet. It鈥檚 near the metro and especially near the Eiffel Tower, so if you are perhaps on your first trip to Paris I think you鈥檇 be impressed that it鈥檚 only a short walk away. One could definitely do worse for the price. So all in all, I would maybe consider the Ares again, but I would be sure to book a twin room which was only 20 euros more.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>aejae212
<Content>Beautiful, well-appointed and classy Very chic, modern, but without the pretentiousness. Hermes toiletries in the room, towel warmers, Bose TV, very comfortable bed...the hotel even had a very nice baby crib for our 14 mos old when we arrived. Great neighborhood, very quiet side street leading up to the Eiffel Tower. Proximity to nice restaurants and the Motte Piquet metro station was very helpful. The owner (Enrico) has a lovely family, and they treat their guests as one of their own (he went so far as to purchase a US converter for me to borrow). We will certainly return again and again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Bethian
<Content>5* Hotel for the Price of 3* This hotel is ideally located in a residential area with the Metro, supermarket and local restuarants all within 5 minutes walk. Free internet with keyboard and TV as screen is a bonus and the 5 Euro per day all you can drink mini bar is excellent value for Paris.The room is small but not too small for Paris. Most importantly, it is modern, clean and you can open the windows for fresh air. Hotel was recently refurbished with very posh Versace tiles and B  O TV. The hotel is located in a very safe area and is a pleasant 10 mins walk to the Eiffle Tower. We would strongly recommend this hotel highly to all.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DanWarwick
<Content>Delightful! This is a beautiful boutique hotel in the middle of Paris, we ended up staying here by default, but I am pleased that we did as it had everything we were looking for...Lovely room in an old converted building, a nice bathroom, bedroom and Juliet balcony with lovely big doors, it was styled with loads of taste and great accessories... Versace bathroom tiles, Bang  Olufsen TV, Hermes bathroom stuff... Apart from all of that, the staff were lovely and very hepfull, it was 2 minutes walk from the metro, a couple of nice bars and restaurants plus the stop on the metro is only 2 stops away from the Eiffel tower. If you are looking for a good place to go out and eat 'Le Coupe Chou' in the Latin Quarter is fantastic with loads of little snugs, dimly lit, great food and wine, expensiveish but not by Paris standards... The hotel was a lovely surprise and I would love to stay here again on another trip to Paris..  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UkKnights
<Content>great place to stay Just returned from 3 nights at this great place. Ideally situated to explore Paris on foot, by bus or by metro. Staff were really friendly and helpful, booked a delux room as recommended on here and it was worth it. Clean comfortable great.Had breakfast at Suffren on Rue Suffren, for 12 euros really good value for money, cheaper than the hotel.Would recommend this Hotel to couples.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>gorm0
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel Yes the rooms are small but so what ? This is a really nice, modern clean hotel. Its in a lovely, quiet, residential area yet only 10 mins walk from the Eiffel Tower.They threw in a continental breakfast for free because we had just missed a special offer which was very kind in this day and age. All staff were very helpful and informative.All in all, very happy indeed. Free internet (including keyboard) also proved very useful in getting directions or restaurant ideas before we left on our daily adventure.Paris is class by the way, lovely architecture and great food.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dsully85
<Content>Good hotel, ideal location Stayed here with my girlfriend for 3 nights. Room was lovely especially the bathroom. What a shower! Ideal location, ten minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Plenty of bistros and restaurants around and metro is just around the corner. I would definitely recommend this to anyone. Probably a bit on the expensive side but it is Paris!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>atravellerWales
<Content>Top Class Hotel       Room 23 (Standard Double)  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>badshah1
<Content>it was great Couple from Lafayette La USABooked this hotel through venere.com. Venere was great to deal with. Ares was a great experience. Very neat and clean,bathroom was very nice and the room was nicely done. convenient location as far as metro,restaurants and grocery stores. Best part was the reception at Ares. Both Severine and Isabella at the reception were very helpful with all aspects of our visit. Will definitely go back again  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bluejumper
<Content>Great find Ideally located for the Eiffel Tower and literally a stones throw from the nearest Metro line - Le Motte Picquet Grenelle.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and there was alwyas someone on the desk regardless of the time.Our room was on the 5th floor facing out front so no view of the Eiffel Tower for us, but the room itself was gorgeous and well equipped with quality fittings - only comment would be that the room itself had no mirror - had to use the mirror in the bathroom.Overall fantastic and wouldn't hesitate to recommend to a friend.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>its-all-about-travel
<Content>Very Parisian yet modern and luxurious       View from our balcony  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>TXtraveller54
<Content>Awesome Ares Eiffel Incredible hotel in a charming area of Paris. This hotel has very recently been updated and the rooms and public areas are completly charming. A fantastic value compared to other hotels in the area. Because the hotel is on a small street that doesn't show up on most navigation systems (as we learned from taxi drivers) make sure you bring your own directions if taking a taxi from the airport or if you are out and about.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jenferan
<Content>Small but perfectly formed We booked this hotel after looking for something reasonably priced but which wouldn't disappoint for our tenth wedding anniversary. We found it on Trip Advisor after much research, and were definitely not disappointed. The hotel looks exactly like the pictures on the website: chic, modern 'hotel' decor, very stylish but no precious antiques etc. The beds are firm-comfortable, pillows down soft but hypoallergenic. The rooms, though small, are imaculately clean with dark wood floors and super modern stylish bathrooms with a good shower - the space saving bath is a bit tight if you are bigger than average or tall. We had a standard double room which was fine for two and the Bang and Olufsen tv with free internet access was useful for local research, although all tv stations are in French except CNN. The aircon is efficient and quiet. In fact this is the quietest hotel I have ever stayed in and I have stayed all around the world from fleapits in London to five star resorts in the US to the Stormont in Belfast. The hotel is hard to find if you rely on local maps as Rue du General - Larminat isn't on any of them. Make sure you get a detailed local map (Google?) before you go, or ask for La Village Suisse, a collection of 150 antique and art shops which most people know. At the edge of this area you can see the hotel sign and indeed the road name.The hotel is in 15th Arrondissment, a quiet area, but its very easy to get around from here. La Motte Picquet -Grenelle metro is just around the corner and Champ de Mars rer station about ten minutes walk away, next to the Seine. We used the RER to transfer from CDG airport and found it easy and relatively quick - about an hour with changes on the way back - a bit longer if your train is not a direct service and makes all the stops. transfer costs 8 euros each way per person. A few minutes up the river at the Eiffel tower is the Batobus river shuttle - a pleasant way to get around the city on a nice day, but at 11 euros for a one day pass it's cheaper and more versatile / quicker to buy a metro carnet pack of tickets.The staff speak good English if you need it and are helpful and polite.We didn't try the breakfast at the hotel as we wanted to get out and try other places so can't comment on the quality but the price is high in comparison with other local options. We enjoyed breakfast most at a salon du the just down the road with a stunning array of pastries and good coffee.Local restaurants - avoid La Pierrot it is cheap but poor quality. La Gauloise has excellent food in the traditional French style with very pleasant helpful staff - although ours spoke only French he tried with a dictionary when my tourist French ran out of steam over the less obvious dishes on the menu. I had sot l'y laisse (its chicken - I had to look it up!!) with white truffle risotto and it was divine. Followed by an assortment of desserts 'Assiette Gauloise' which was lovely but made me want to go back and try the larger versions of the tiny sampling portions. The chocolate mousse is very well made.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>LRS68
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel The Hotel Ares Eiffel was renovated a few months ago and has been done very tastefully. Some of the previous reviewer photos are a bit old and not at all representative of the current state. The room we stayed in (executive) was very nice. It's reasonably expensive but bearing in mind the location and that this is Paris, probably about right. The staff were very friendly and helpful. All in all, a very nice boutique hotel!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>tenorone
<Content>Nice place We had a very nice stay -- the staff was very helpful and nice. The area was interesting and convenient to the metro, and the rooms were clean and modern.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DMR
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel with quiet location We loved this place. It is very close to the metro so you can get around town easily and it is within walking distance to the Eiffel Tower. Our room was small but very clean, well decorated and quiet. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable and the air conditioner worked perfectly. The bathroom was really a treat with wonderful tub, shower, high end fixtures, designer tile, make up mirror and blow dryer.The morning breakfast offered downstairs provides a good amount of food options including cereals, yogurt, meat and cheese, breads, juice and coffee. The front desk staff is very good with providing tourist assitance and restaurant referrals. If you have an extended stay and want to take a break from french food then please try Goldini's Italian Restaurant just around the corner. The staff here was very friendly and spoke good english. The pasta was delcious. Also, if you are staying during the weekend, check out the local farmers market on Sunday morning located under the metro track around the corner. Lots of beautiful fruits, flowers and fun items to purchase or just enjoy a stroll with the locals as they do their weekly shopping. The Ares Eiffel hotel offers a convenient location along with a welcome retreat after a busy day in downtown areas. This place is a class act, as we had a plumbing problem at one point and we were offered other rooms of our own choice. They also provided a bottle of champagne with a nice note to apologize for the inconvenience. I would love to stay at this place again and would encourage others to book here.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tanwscat
<Content>Best Value and find in Paris Excellent recommendation from Trip Advisor. We found our way to the hotel very easily from the airport. The hotel is conveniently located near a metro station served by 3 metro lines. There is a little supermarket, and a couple of cafes nearby the hotel. We have breakfast at a local cafe every morning before boarding the metro to start our day. The modern bathroom is designed by Versace and we loved the Hermes shampoo and body wash. However, no body lotion is available. The room also had Bang  Olufsen TV with FREE internet access. We found the integrated keyboard with mouse difficult to use. In the morning, we did hear running water noise from other rooms. Not sure if this was just a problem with the room we stayed in. Overall, the hotel made our stay in Paris a very pleasant one, and we will stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cattylea
<Content>Top-notch small hotel in Paris My husband and I, travelling with our 13 yr. old daughter, can't say enough good things about the Hotel Ares Eiffel. It was recently rennovated and has beautifully appointed rooms and ensuite bathrooms with all the amenities including heated towel racks, lit magnifying mirror, and separate tub and shower. The hotel is centrally located to cafes, stores, and metro station but just enough off the beaten track to be extremely quiet. The staff is courteous,professional and helpful as well as multi-lingual.I would recommend this hotel to all except those travelling w/ young children.Catherine TallyLos Angeles, CA  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>The_Carters_UK
<Content>Honeymoon at Ares Eiffel Had a great stay. The rooms are as they are pictured on the website.Only issue was just 1 small bottle of shower gel for a full week for 2 and no conditioner. It's a shame as they were fab Hermes toilettries. Remember to take your own of these.The hotel is well designed and gave us everything we wanted, although it was shame the lounge area didn't have a small bar to go with the white leather cocktail trunk!The staff were all friendly and welcoming.The location was ideal for popping out to the Eiffel Tower and great access to the metro for seeing the rest of Paris.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>jen1984
<Content>beautiful hotel We chose this hotel on the basis of reviews on trip advisor and were not disappointed. Set in a great location just 10 minutes walk from the eiffel tower, this truly is a beautiful hotel. The hotel is impeccably designed down to the finest detail - the Versace tiles in the bathroom are a great touch! The rooms are small, but when you're only making a short stay this isnt really a problem. Would highly recommend the hotel to all those who appreciate a bit of glamour! It is a great find and will definitely be recommending to friends.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Amy425
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location! We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Ares. The room was small, but nice. I loved the wood floors-it seems so much more clean than icky carpet. The bathroom was small, but the shower was actually pretty nice. Bring your own washcloth and soaps and shampoos though. We ended up using a hand towel as a substitute for a washcloth, and also ended up buying emergency soaps at the grocery store as the hotel's soaps were like cologne. Very pungent. The air conditioning in the room was wonderful (I wasn't expecting European ac to be very effective). One night the ac didn't work at all for about 6 hours, but then miraculously came back on. We had huge windows that opened onto a little patio so there was the option of leaving the doors open too for a little fresh air. The street noise was almost nonexistent except for garbage trucks and the occasional passerby. Towards the end of our six nights we finally noticed we had a view of the Eiffel tower. It wasn't very dramatic, but we could see from the upper observation deck to the top. Pretty cool! You aren't going to be any closer to the metro either-it's right around the corner. All in all, we really loved the hotel and the location. If you want a cheaper stay though, my sister was one metro stop away down by Rue Cler (which has lots of good food choices) at the Mugeut Hotel. The room was smaller and the bathroom miniscule, but it was clean, had a great breakfast sunroom and nice ambience all around. We ate at her hotel as we didn't feel the 15 Euros for a continental breakfast was worth it. Her hotel charged 9 Euros for breakfast and included all the continental fixings plus omelets made fresh. I don't think you'd be disappointed staying at either place. Great finds!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bouletin
<Content>wonderful hotel ares we just came back from paris were we spent three days at wonderful hotel ares we resesrved a superior room that was very confortable very well decoratedwith top furniture and television bang olufsen versace tiles .the reception the brakfast room are really lovely the location is is really ok, the metro station is just behind the corner with many lines the receptioist are really nice and helpful , definetly we will reccomend to all our friends and we wilcome back we would like to stay on the junior suite .  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andjambro
<Content>Good choice       The "view" of Eiffel Tower from our 6th floor window - about 20 mins walk away.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sallcallShorne
<Content>I would definately stay here again. Immaculate and very comfortable. I booked this hotel after looking on trip advisor and reading other comments. I was not disappointed! The beds were very comfortable, the bathroom a delight, with a monsoon shower, which was an added pleasure. The hotel was immaculate and the staff were friendly and helpful.The only negative comment is that it was a bit of a trek into central paris, but the metro is only a few mins walk away.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surfchick99
<Content>Lovely little gem of a hotel This is a lovely little hotel located just 10 mins walk from the Eiffel Tower. From the outside it does not look impressive but inside the rooms are decorated beautifully, albeit on the small side - the bathrooms are Versace with Hermes toiletries and we had complimentary towelling slippers (very welcome after a day's walking!!). The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and didnt mock our attempts at French!! The breakfast room is small but welcoming and although the breakfast is quite expensive at 15 euros there is a selction of croissants, cereals, meat and fruit juice (and is available until 11am which again is useful!!). They also have a room you can store your luggage in after you've checked out and the hotel is open 24 hours a day.The hotel is quiet and relaxing and well located - this is the best 3 star hotel you could find in Paris, and although quite expensive is definitely worth the money for a short break.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Willeh
<Content>Deserves it's top 10 spot! Why this hotel fell from its former position of #1 to it's current position of #9 (as of 16/08/2008) is beyond me. Maybe #1 was a bit of an exaggeration but it still deserves to be in the top 5 hotels in Paris. Moving on to the actual review, we arrived here on the 4th August at around 9.30 AM, and check in (if I remember correctly) was at 12 PM. We had booked a deluxe room (for 4), a triple room (for 3) and a double room (for 2). The deluxe room was ready which was a bit of a surprise, and the other two rooms required a little more time. As a result, all 9 of us went into the deluxe room, placed our luggage in there and freshened up after having to wake up at 1 AM in the morning to catch our 5 AM Eurostar journey to Paris. The deluxe room wasn't tiny (and neither were the triple and double rooms) but neither was it spacious. With all our luggage in the the deluxe room (9 peoples worth), there was still some room to move around in. The beds were truly comfortable (which was a great advantage as we spent 3 days in Paris and we had to rush to fit everything in therefore we were burnt out by the end of each day), the room decor was excellent and the bathroom was very classy too. They also do a continental breakfast buffet i.e. croissants, pain au chocolat, cornflakes, turkey slices, yoghurt etc. which was 15 euros per person. The breakfast room's decor was also very well done, although the room was smallish. There was a member of staff present, restocking the fresh juices and foods, and she was also very helpful and cheerful.The receptionists (changes in the morning and evenings) were very cheerful and helpful, which was excellent. On two occasions, we got back to the hotel past midnight and the hotel was locked. We knocked and the night time receptionist happily allowed us in. It's also worthy of note that there is an elevator which goes up and down to all floors. The hotel offers a whole range of free services e.g. Wifi internet and it won't do the hotel any justice mentioning them here, it's-see-it-to-believe-it.Overall, it boosted our first trip to Paris from excellent to unforgettable.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>simona_luciani
<Content>newest and excellent experience if you like to live the hotels this is theplace to be. design style mixed with very good service. ares otel was a surprise at first sight! lounge and breakfast room alwayss ready to give you a welcome andthe relaxing library seems to be the private house of a famous designer . we were a groups of 3 rooms ,one different from the other where we discovered amazing furniture just a few step from the tour effeil and the luxurious apartments of famous people. paris seems to be a new fresh touch of modern living. breackfast with fresh fruits and also real italian coffee. a touch of style also n the bathroom with parfumed hermes little bottles. wi-fi connection in all the hotel useful for my job and romantic view fro the bed of the room suite with an original coffee set and a chaise long that has massage ready for the coming back fom my long walkingin pariis. if i can give an advise to itlaina and european people who likes style this is the hotle you can choose:  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TeamDragon
<Content>A great Paris hotel We stayed in this boutique hotel with our 8 month old daughter. A cot bed was supplied and ready on arrival. The staff were very welcoming and friendly with a no problem attitude. The hotel has achieved a stunning designer feel in a relatively small space which works from the lobby up. A great location with some lovely restaurants just around the corner, the metro just down the road and shops and bars a 5 minute walk. Highly recomended.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rleyte
<Content>The best Hotel in Paris My wife and I went to Paris last May for a week vacation. After a long hours of research we found The Ares Eiffel. We couldn't have made a better choice. This hotel was by far the BEST hotel your money can buy. The service, the ambiance, the staff...incredible friendly. I had the opportunity to meet the owner and his wife, after a long train ride from switzerland we finally found the hotel. The owner received us and invited us to drink italian coffee (which he personally made for us). After a brief chat, we finally made it to our room. OWESOME!!!! For european standard, the room was big, clean, and very,very,very modern (Which I love). Flat screen TV, FREE wireless service, awesome view to the street below, modern furniture, mini-Bar (drink and eat all you want...they only charge 5 bucks a day!!!), Versace tiles on the Ultra Modern Bathroom. In the end, the ARES EIFFEL will be the place to go everytime we go to Paris. My wife and I recommend it. Ah..if you decide to go and like italian food, ask Enriquo to recommend you a good Italian restaurant. We did it, and once the chef found that Enriquo sent us, he made us the Enriquo special.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClareGLondon
<Content>Lovely hotel .. not disappointed I booked our 4 night stay at the Area Eiffel when the hotel was rated #1 in TripAdvisor. By the time we went, the rating had dropped to #8 and I was a little aprehensive, but I have to say that we were not in any way disappointed.The room (superior double no 26) was spotless and felt very luxurious, event though it was (as others have said) a little small. This really didn't matter ithough, for our relatively short stay.The situation is perfect and we ate in the area several evenings. Strongly recommend the nearby Rue Cler for picking up lunch for a picnic or a casual evening meal at one of the outside tables at the excellent value Cafe bon Marche.The Eiffel tower really is 10 mins walk away .. don't miss the twinkling lights on the hour from dusk.There was a special deal on the breakfast buffet when we stayed ... we took advantage .. a perfect continental style buffet but I don't think we'd have paid the 15 euros a person otherwise.We have recommened the hotel to my elderly in laws who are planning a trip to Paris in the autumn  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>fabpo
<Content>a lovely Hotel I stayed at the Ares Hotel a month ago for a week-end. The room itself was very nice, The decor was excellent, the bed was comfortable , and the use of the internet through the TV was great so that I could keep up with current events. I loved the free wireless internet and internet on the BO television. Seperate WC and spacious bathroom. My room was on the 2rd floor, it was not at all noisy from outside. The road on which the hotel sits is quiet and residential. The breakfast was good, it was included. And if you prefer, You can have breakfast in your room at no extra charge .The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is one of the best thing about the hotel. It is a quiet neighborhood. There is a Metro station just one block behind the hotel! The Eiffel Tower is literally less than 10 minutes of walk. There are several shops, restaurants, cafes, and a great grocery store very close by the Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frankie_C71
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I stayed at the Ares Hotel during the week of Bastille Day. The room itself was very small, but that was to be expected. The decor was excellent. The bed was comfortable enough, and the use of the internet through the TV was great so that I could keep up with current events. Seperate WC and spacious bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful. The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is a quiet neighborhood. There is a Metro station just one block behind the hotel! The Eiffel Tower is literally a 10 min walk. There are several shops, restaurants, cafes, and a great grocery store very close by. I began to feel like a local after a few days.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mr7958
<Content>Very good hotel for Paris Hotels in Paris can be so hit and miss. The Ares Eiffel is definitely a hit. Front desk staff were helpful and friendly, and the room was nicely furnished with a very comfortable bed and excellent show. Parisien hotel rooms are never going to be very large and this room was no exception, but there was room either side of the double bed and the bathroom was far from cramped.I loved the free wireless internet and internet on the BO television, but it was a pity that certain English language television stations were not working. Only CNN was available.I did not have breakfast at the hotel, so cannot comment on that.Although my room was at the front of the hotel on the 3rd floor, it was not at all noisy from outside. The road on which the hotel sits is quiet and residential. The wooden floorboards meant that there was some noise from above when people walked around with their shoes on. I guess that might have been annoying if I had been there for a long time but for two nights was no big deal.The nearby metro station is very well connected to the network, and although this hotel is not smack bang in the middle of the city it is very easy to get everywhere in Paris that you might want to go.I was very impressed and would certainly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Hamish_Cat
<Content>Small and friendly, boutique hotel in a great location We chose this hotel purely because of its tripadvisor rating and we weren't disappointed.The hotel is in a great location - just a ten minute walk to the Eiffel Tower, close to lots of shops and restaurants, two minutes from a good Metro station (3 lines) - so we were off to a good start.We arrived early in the morning but hotel staff were really helpful and made a room available for us even though it was before check-in time. All the staff were great - really helpful and friendly.Breakfast is good - nothing fancy but perfectly adequate - and unexpected as we hadn't realised breakfast was included. You can have breakfast in your room at no extra charge if you prefer.The decor is fresh and clean - more Italian than French in design - newly decorated this year. The fixtures and fittings in the room are first rate (BO TV, Villeroy and Boch cuttlery, Duravit sanitary ware etc.)The only complaints we had were that the room was too hot at night and the air conditioning insufficient to cool it down. The room was pretty small too (and this was a superior double) - but I guess you expect that in Paris.We had a fabulous time but be prepared - Paris is expensive!! Having lived there in the past, I was shocked at how much things have changed and how badly you can get ripped off when buying drinks, bottled water from street stalls etc. Given the attrocious exchange rate at the moment, you may end up more skint that you'd anticipated. We were almost forced to go begging on the Metro by the end of our stay!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zazzones
<Content>excellent hotel ares i have made europ tour and we spend very nice days in paris and for that i want thank the hotel ares for gentlness and for help of the desk the hotel is very nice and design .very near to eiffel tower and in very parisian quarter full of restaurants and shops the hotel is very quiet so i will remember this vacation for ever .i will reccomend to all my friends.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cater8
<Content>really like on the web site i am just come back from paris and want tosay that i have past very nice days at hotel ares eiffel the hotel was very clean and wery well refurbished what ihav apprecieted on the web site is the fact that when you choose the room thatis o.k. for you you know exactly how big is because hte squaer meters are writed on,so you can decide wich category of room is the best for you .the rooms are very well decoreted with very high standard quality like tv bang and olufsen the versace tiles .thestairs are very nice with big flowers on the walls the breakafast room and hte white saloon wher my preferred the rooms amenities are from hermes .the service was very helpful and spoke wery well english . the quarter was very nice and really parisian life on sunday there is a little market under the metro bidge .eiffel tower is only seven minutes towalk and the metro is hundred meters from the hotel and three lines will drive you every where directly in paris the hotel is in very calm little street and the location is great.definetly me and my wife will reccomend this hotel to my friends .  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uglyduckling26
<Content>Classy, friendly and an all round great hotel! An excellent hotel. Very well run, beautiful rooms and definately worth a visit. Although quite pricey to some i doubt you could find better and worth the money once your their. The staff were extremely helpful with any queries and the hotel is well placed with paris on the doorstep!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ivan_G
<Content>great position We have just got back from holidays and stayed at 7 hotels in the top 3 on Tripadvisor. This hotel was located in a great area, not to close to the hustle and bustle but close enough to be only a couple of stops on the Metro from anywhere we wanted to go. The hotel is beautiful, modern inside the rooms and very clean.The only criticism I have is that they said they had a single suite that would fit 4 adults ( my wife and I and our two adult daughters ) but the room was clearly not big enough for 4 adults with virtually no room to walk around the room . Compared to our stay in the other 6 hotels recommended by Trip advisor the service at the front desk was OK but not outstanding as was the case with the other Hotels we stayed at. Having said all this I still would have no hesitation recommending this Hotel and staying there again but don't try to put 4 adults into one room !  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Tripper101
<Content>Wasn't my cup of tea The decor was cool, the pictures just like on the website, but overall it was my least favorite hotel of the five we stayed in Europe. It was too small, perhaps, because I felt somewhat isolated, there was almost never anyone else in the small public spaces. Some of the front desk people had some trouble understanding us, and us them and I felt a resentful attitude asking for things like ice or extra towels. I suppose the last straw was the morning we left, with a cab waiting to take us to the train station at 7 a.m. , we were asked to pay our laundry bill in cash, that it could not be put on our credit card and to my horror (and own fault for not better checking prices) the $274 euros for about 20 items, mostly baby clothes. It left a bad taste in my mouth when my husband and the desk people argued about why we couldn't put it on a credit card. They wanted us to go to an ATM but we didn't have time. It's a cute hotel, but I wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	5	2	2	4	

<Author>RedHeadTraveller-76
<Content>beautiful hotel - would definitely return we stayed at the Hotel Ares for 3 nights as the last stop on a 3-week motorbike tour of Europe. We had got a good deal on an Executive Room which was a beautiful room and looked very luxurious; the bed was huge and the bathroom was large with a fantastic shower. The room itself wasn't huge, so I wouldn't like to think how small the cheaper rooms are. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, instead we thought it would be better value for money to go to one of the many local cafe's for our morning coffee and croissants. There was no parking at the hotel, instead they have some sort of deal with a local supermarket that has an underground car park which we could use for 11 euros a day. We left the bike there for 3 nights and it didn't come to any harm, although it seems most people abandon motorbikes on the pavements in little groups, so in future, I wouldn't bother reserving a parking space and instead do as the Parisians do... it'd be a lot cheaper! The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly. We didn't have any problem with room noise or road noise, as other people seemed to have experienced.The hotel is only about a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower which looks stunning when all lit up at night. Turn left out of the hotel for the closest metro; the metro system is very efficient and good value for money. Restaurant recommendation - Le Train Bleu at Gare de Lyon train station. Ignore the fact that this is at a train station - the restaurant is about 100 years old and has a fantastic menu with some excellent food and wine and very attentive, professional service. All in all, our experience was well above that of a regular 3 star hotel in Paris and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mondave
<Content>Lovely Room Room was beautifully appointed. Clean and modern. New flat screen TV with free internet access, Staff were helpful and spoke English. Location - close to Metro and walking distance to Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Yansoon
<Content>Only a 3 star If your after a nice clean modern room just for sleep and do not expect all the usual hotel amenities then this is the place for you. It all started from the bus service from the airport arranged by the hotel. After making contact with the driver they didn't know who we we're or where the hotel was. An hour and a half later we arrive. After complaining to the hotel all we got was a sorry. A small gesture would of been nice to make up for the mistake. The room is nice and recently renovated. However no tea or coffee facilites, no food available from the hotel and no shampoo, the TV selection is poor at best. For me It's the small things which i need to recuperate after travelling a long way. The hotel in my opinoin was not good value for money. I would usually book a 4 star minium however based on the trip advisor reviews i chose this hotel. The hotel is no where near a 4 star. On the plus side it is in a great location plenty of nice cafes near by as well as a metro station. Just a 10 minute walk to the effiel tower.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	2	1	3	

<Author>KMAKR
<Content>Perfect stay in Paris Kostas- Athens9 July 2008Stayed in Ares for five days in July 08. This is a fine hotel in a quiet area, yet well placed for Metro and bus transports . Excellent renovation in a modern style, nice  clean room, enormous  comfortable bed (we had a double superior), good breakfast with fine croissants. Touches of luxury, there are Hermes Orange Verte soaps in the functional bathrooms. Free internet and wifi on BO multimedia tv. Personnel is very helpful and kind (important in Paris !). This is a 3* hotel but rates much better than many so-called 4*. Prices are reasonable for Paris. Highly recommended for couples/families. Would stay there again !  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>smoothtalk
<Content>Disappointed We stayed at the Ares Eiffel after seeing all the enthusiastic reviews posted here. It seemed ideal for our purposes - a romantic and vaguely touristy getaway weekend. We returned feeling pretty disappointed.The staff were pleasant enough, and the location of the hotel is not bad - very close to the local Metro station and not too far from some of the more inviting areas, though there is little of interest in the immediate environs of the hotel. However, in other respects the hotel did not live up to expectations.The main problem was that it was noisy. Street noise was audible throughout the day and night, and the glazing seemed completely inadequate. So was the sound insulation between rooms. We were able to hear absolutely everything happening in adjacent rooms - including the actual words our neighbours were saying, rather than merely the fact they were talking. This was very disturbing. While we may have been unlucky with who we had staying on both sides of us, we could certainly have expected more in the way of soundproofing. It's pretty embarrassing when you hear your neighbour using the bathroom. The decor was quite stylish, and the bathroom was well equipped. The room was microscopic, but comfortable enough, with a decent bed, climate control and a posh TV. The minibar from which you can take as much as you like for 5 Euro a day also seemed a good initiative. However, this was far from the restful and romantic spot we'd been hoping for. I am mystified that, at the time of writing, this is the top-rated hotel in Paris.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>Evelyn17
<Content>Good hotel, good location We picked this hotel because at the time of booking it was the number one hotel in Paris on Tripadvisor. Location:Having not been to Paris in 10 years, we had no idea what location to chose and were advised that Opera and Saint Germain were better options because there is great buzz in those places.I have to agree I loved the narrow streets and bustle of Saint Germain and the cute little bars and restaurants but we were 100% satisified with the location we chose. The hotel is situated just off Rue de Grenelle,5 mins walk from Ecole Militaire and 10mins max from Eiffel tower.What we loved about the hotels location was that it was a very residential and local area - so you really got the feel of staying in proper Paris with little restaurants and bakeries full of locals and not too many tourists around.Hotel:We were there for a few nights so picked the cheapest room which was 200eur a night (I'm told this is good for a nice hotel in Paris).The room, as expected was tiny, but beautifully done up and the bathroom was a nice size. The size of the bedroom didn't bother us at all was we were out all day. Very nice flat screen tv with free internet which was great for looking up places to go etc.Although the decor of the hotel was lovely, the atmosphere was almost non existant - there was a small open room inside the main door with books and comfy couches but you'd never really sit there.Reception staff were helpful and friendly but we had very little contact with them and really just spent our stay going straight to room and leaving it, with no interaction with hotel. It was nearly like we were renting a little apartment - there was no bar/place where you'd see other guests. We didn't really mind this as were gone all day anyway and out again at night but if you were looking for a hotel with good bar/buzz I wouldn't pick this one.Didn't have breakfast based on tripadvisor reviews - instead we stopped every morning in a boulangerie around the corner and had breakfast on the go which was always delicious.We are not massive fans of all french food so one of the nights we went to Goldinis restaurant which was recommended by another tripadvisor reviewer. It's an Italian restaurant just down the road from the hotel and we loved it.I would recommend Hotel Ares but I would pay the extra for a bigger room next time, they look amazing on the hotels website.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>EEvans7
<Content>Nicest hotel we have stayed at in Paris! We read the review on tripadvisor and decided that it was perfect for my 15-year-old daughter and me for our week-long trip to Paris. The hotel has recently been renovated and is really clean and lovely. The bathroom had a modern shower and the room had a small balcony and flat screen television. The staff could not have been more helpful and kind, assisting us in making reservations for every dinner of our trip. The free wi-fi service came in handy for a cell phone-starving teenager. My 15-year-old gave it two thumbs up and anyone with a teenager knows how tough that is to get. The hotel is located two blocks from a metro station with three lines running through it (Motte Piquet) and it's about a seven minute walk to the Eiffel Tower. Although it is so close to the Eiffel Tower, the hotel is in an area that is less touristy and the street it is on is very quiet. We would definitely come to this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rita3rome
<Content>great stay at hotel ares I just came back from paris where i have passed real nice stay at the marvelous hotel ares is just five minute walk from eiffel tower ,the rooms are really very nice and the service is very helpful anything you ask they do them best for you like reserve three star michelin restaurant or a vist of paris . in the rooms you have wi fi and internet on tv with a key board for free great .the minibar is only five euros a day .the breakast was also nice continental breakfast but all fresh like fresh orange juice and fresh juice grape fruit also fresh fruit salad with croissant choclate bread and bread cheese coffee milk and tea and also nespresso for me that iam italian was really great,andyou can have as you want.the public areas are very nice and my preferred was the white room and the breakfast room defenitely iwill come here again and I will strong reccomend to my friends  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kelly-babyowl
<Content>Luxurious room, nice reception but unprofessional housekeeping Recently renovated small boutique hotel around Eiffel tower. When I was there, the room had recently painted smell which was not pleasant but the room itself was all decorated with luxurious brands : the bathroom tile was Versace, TV was BandOlufsen, etc. Room was rather small but the bathroom was spacious and very modern. the Reception was friendly too.The location was very nice, few steps from the metro station and eiffel tower. Very convinient to access other main sightseeing areas. Surounding area is very clean and quiet. The only negative thing was the housekeeping service. The bed sheets were not changed while we were staying there even if there was a small stain on my Mom's. So my Mom asked the lady to change it showing the stain. The lady changed it for here but she didn't seem to be happy to do that. She didn't empty the garbage bin although it was half full. However, she emptied it the next day when it was really full. Overall, it was very satisfying although it's expensive. But in Paris, it is not easy to find such a clean, modern hotel with such a great location.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>karenparisParis
<Content>Amazing decoration I went in the hotel, the renovation were not quite finished, with my usband we love it, he left a msg on tropadvisor, i wanted to leve one also as it is the most beautifull hotel I have seen for that price, were close walking distance to the eiffel tower.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funnymui
<Content>Love this boutique hotel       My spacious bedroom  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>charroDublin
<Content>Great stay! I chose this hotel for a short break with my wife last week... what a wonderful stay!!!everything was perfect: the room spacious and luxury, the staff very helpful and friendly, the location very close to Tour Eiffel.my only regret: we decided to have breakfast in the hotel the last day... that was a pity! there was a great breakfast buffet with the best croissant I ate in Paris, fresh bread, yogurth, coffee, .... ... I absolutely recomend this nice and elegant hotel!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>papemelroti
<Content>needs improvement i have read all the great reviews in tripadvisor before booking this room but i felt it was quite a disappointmentthe hotel itself is just a 3 minute walk from the metro and the interiors of the rooms are fantastic. i like how the hotel was quite small and personal, there was free wifi and the receptionist was friendly.however theres lack of amenities and inadequate service.they dont have housekeeping so any problem you might encounter with your room (i had problems with the sink etc) had to wait until the next day. they never mentioned any tea/ coffee making facilities which is understandable but i wish that they would at least provide a spoon or fork in the room. they did not replinish toiletries too. i had to request it from them when i ran out on the fourth/fifth night..for other people who are light sleepers the rooms are not that sound proofed so you might hear bits of noise at night but it wasnt a problem for me.i understand that paris rooms are smaller than average so the room size was accepted as is. i did know how large the space would be before bookingthe biggest problem would be the service. we had a prebooked arrangement from hotel to the airport for free but the driver never showed up. apparently he did show up but the hotel reception told him that we had checked out THE DAY BEFORE. we waited for our ride without having any idea that he already left thanks to the misinformation.like i said the receptionist was friendly but have managed to make us spend an additional 52 euros on taxi due to carelessness.he didnt even offer to help us call a taxi when we said we needed to get a cab in order to make it to our flight. awkward moment of stares and what do you want me to do looks ensues.i would probably not stay in this hotel again. i do love the rooms but i dont want to get stressed during my next vacation.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	2	4	

<Author>MariellaSollini
<Content>We had a fantastic stay. The hotel is very modern and immaculately clean. We had a small balcony and the room was immaculate with the most white and crisp bedding. The bathroom was very modern and trendy with lovely fluffy white towels.The staff were all very pleasant and helpful without exception.A verg good buffet breakfast was provided each morning.We will stay at this hotel when we return to Paris.Highly recommended for a quiet, relaxing holiday.Surely a FIRST CLASS HOTEL  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChetHartfordCT
<Content>Great place to stay Just coming back from Paris. Now I'm spending some sunny time in Italy at my cousin's town. I was at hotel Ares 10 days ago. Friendly staff and fantastic location. Just five minutes walking far from eiffel tower, three metro stations and a lot of restourants, bistrot and place where have good time in the evening, My room was spacious and luxury furnished, the breakfast was perfect with croissant, chocolate bread, fresh orange and grapefruit juice, milk, coffee (nescafe also) and tea. The price was reasonable and matched the property. I had great time at Ares. Absolutely recommended.Chet  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>traveller2007Canada
<Content>Beautiful rooms, questionable service The rooms are beautiful, and the location is amazing. Our stay was very enjoyable, except for the very end. We had a negative experience where the night time desk clerk arranged for a cab for us in the morning to take us to the airport. The cab arrived way too early and when we got in the metre was already at 21 euros. It became clear that that this was a bit of a scam that the clerk had with the driver. The driver told us he'd been waiting for us for a half hour and that we were late coming down. You only find out after the cab starts to drive away with you in it. If this hadn't happened, then our stay at the Ares Eiffel would have been just great.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	3	2	

<Author>DeLacy_Cork
<Content>Very cute hotel I booked my stay at this hotel in a superior room based on the Trip Advisor reviews. Firstly, I was not disappointed with the cleanliness of the room nor the great location - they were both perfect. Additionally, although very close to the centre of Paris, a good nights sleep was ensured every night, the location straddles that void between being near where you want to be, but in a quiet location. The staff were lovely. The communal spaces such as the dining room and the lounge area were stylish and comfortable. The room, however, was small. There was no where to put my case for packing or unpacking except for on the bed. That was Ok for unpacking, but for packing it was an inconvenience. I stayed three nights, I used all of the tiny bottle of complimentary Hermes shower gel on the first night and it was never replenished. There appears to be no provision to get a cup of coffee in your room in the morning instead of going downstairs and paying 15 Euros for a basic continental breakfast. Admittedly I did not ask, but then again there was nothing in my room on the information sheet to indicate that any sort of room service is available. I am not a mean or penny pinching person, but felt that the price of the breakfast was a little steep for what was on offer. On the last morning of my stay I found a great cafe just around the corner from the hotel which offered a better choice for much less. Would I stay again? Probably, because it was clean, quiet and elegant - but I definitely feel that the breakfast is too expensive for what is it, despite the very smart table settings and decor, and it would be nice if toiletries were replenished as used.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>taffy33
<Content>Tea for two in Paris Whilst in an excellent location to explore central Paris; on entering our room we found the standard room attractively decorated yet a little too small for comfort. Being typically British, we expected at least a kettle for teas, coffees etc., but unfortunately this wasn't the case and the suggested 15 euro per person breakfast seemed a little too steep. The internet access on the plasma tv was poor; incredibly slow, complicated and no sound.On a more positive note, the mini fridge was well stocked and cheap, only 5 euros for 8 drinks. The bathroom was a joy and the staff were very knowledgable and helpful. We would probably not go there again however we would recommend it if someone wanted to stay close to the eiffel tower.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>nathaliejane
<Content>Great hotel, correct reviews on trip advisor! Excellent hotel, really struggled with finding a decent, reasonably priced hotel in Paris. I used this site for a recommendation, despite being told by lots of people to never book a hotel below four star in Paris so was worried at booking a three star. It was great. Rooms are lovely (I booked a superior room as this was all that was left) and it was really nice, newly decorated and really swanky. The bed was sooooo comfortable and there was very little noise as the hotel is tucked away on a quiet street. Despite this it is very close to the metro,eiffel tower and lots of cafe's and resturants. The staff were very helpful and friendly and happy to assist on tourist info. Great stay!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aretti
<Content>Loved the hotel building       bathroom  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mefromstl
<Content>Ooh la la Really liked this hotel. Had a French Flavor located in a residential neighborhood. Room was small (double) but who spends time in the room in Paris? Bathroom was way cool with the Versace tile and shower was awesome. Room decor was very French. Staff was very nice and very helpful. Lots of good restaurants and cafes nearby. 5 minute walk to Eiffel tower. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TexasFunseeker
<Content>Great Location  I enjoyed my stay at Hotel Ares so much, I thought about writing a review even before I got back to the States. Like most hotels in Europe, the rooms are small but comfortable. I was traveling with two other people and we all shared a deluxe room which has a double bed and two chairs with pull out beds. There's hardly any room to walk around when the two chairs are pulled out as beds. But, all the beds including the pull outs were very comfortable. Very clean comforter and linens. The bathroom is also very clean. The service here is fantastic. The people at the desk speak english very well and were very helpful with directions. On sunday morning, we walked to the open market nearby and picked up a baguette, cheese and fruit to eat back in our room. Back at the hotel, when I asked for coffee, they prepared a wonderful tray with a proper coffe pot and cup. I also must tell you about a restaurant called Goldoni's on Ave de la Motte-Piquet near the hotel. I felt silly about having Italian food in Paris but because one of the travel companion was vegetarian, it offered the best choices. It was one of the best experiences we had in Paris because the service was fantastic. The waiter patiently took the time to explain how the dishes are prepared (mainly because the vegan we were traveling with also had certain food allergies). The pasta is very good here. Worth going to especially if you get tired of the curt attitude of the French waiters.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BaliDreamer
<Content>Personal hotel with little luxuries and top location       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mmck51
<Content>Loved this hotel This was our first trip to Paris, so we had not any previous experiences to base our selection on. After pouring through all of the reviews on hotels and going back and forth on where to stay, we finally made our choice to stay at the Ares Eiffel. We couldn't of made a better selection. This sweet hotel is in a quiet and quaint area, basically where people live. Where this might not be the area for everybody, we could choose to go to the more lively neighborhoods in a couple of minutes via the close Metro. There are plenty of shops and restaurants just a couple of blocks over and of course, close to the Eiffel tower (we could see most of it from our balcony). After a long day of sightseeing, it was nice to sit in the park and wait for the tower to twinkle. The hotel itself is exactly what other reviews have perfectly said: very nice beds and bedding, dbl sinks, Hermes products, beautiful interior, modern, clean, and helpful staff. I wouldn't hesitate staying here again. The only complaint is that the rooms aren't completely soundproof, (we could hear a few of the other guests at various times), but free internet and a 5 euro (all you can drink a day) mini bar far outweighs any minor noise as far as I'm concerned. Don't even worry about it, book , go and enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>maranelloLondon
<Content>A realistic critique We booked the Ares on the basis that it was lying 5th in the Tripadvisor league table of Paris hotels ( although 2 weeks later it was #1 due to a flurry of reviews).Ok its a nice hotel, but #1 in Paris ? No way given the price versus the facilities and standard.For a hotel to be #1 I would expect facilities way in abundance of those at the Ares.My double room was small even by Paris standards, it was 3.8m by 3.5m. The bathroom was less than 2m square and the toilet was just about accessible.Adjacent hotel room doors ( no closers ) are heard very easily and the lift is ok for two persons only.The lounge is small and the breakfast room is only capable of serving 10 tables at one sitting.There is only one english speaking channel on the tv and that is CNNYes the furnishings are good, especially the bed and the linen and the location is excellent and as a 3 star hotel it would be nice if it sold at 3 star rates. We paid 230 euro a night excl breakfast.I note that most of the recent reviewers have only submitted one review and maybe they have not the experience to award max points on every aspect of the hotel.I came here with high expectations but am to say the least disappointed.My review IS realistic.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>reynar
<Content>Beautiful, Romantic, Great Price! We recently spent a few nights in Paris on our honeymoon jaunt through Europe and stayed at the Hotel Ares. The room was beautiful and so clean, the bathroom was wonderful and the area was quaint and adorable. I was so pleased with our hotel choice.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HorseLovinDee
<Content>Most excellent! We stayed at the Hotel Ares based on previous reviews and we were not disappointed. We stayed in an executive triple room that was newly remodeled. In fact the entire hotel (40 rooms) was recently remodeled. Decent size room for the two of us, and we like our space. The decor was beautiful and contemporary with designer fixtures, including the large modern bathroom with a seperate full size tub and shower. The hotel is very clean and in a nice quiet location with easy access to the metro. Close walking distance to the Eiffel Tower. If you're looking for a hotel with rooms with a view and lots of street action to gaze upon, then this place is not for you. We prefer the quiet, so it was perfect for us. The continental breakfast is a bit expensive at 15 euros, so we skipped breakfast at the hotel. Many other places to enjoy breakfast in the terrific neighborhood. Incredible street market to explore along the nearby Grenelle Bl on Sundays. We will definitely stay again at Hotel Ares Eiffel.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mickie
<Content>I LOVE this hotel It's rare that I like a hotel so much that I can't wait til I get home to write my review. I'm in the hotel now for a two night stay and I love just everything about about it, The tasteful and chic decor, the Hermes bath products, the extra comfy bed and high-quality bedding, They have free wireless internet access, which is a rarity these days, and unlimited soft drinks in your room for 5 euros a day. That beats most minibar rates by a long shot. The nightly rate is very reasonable by Paris standards, The hotel is in a great location and most important, they have friendly and accommodating staff. I will tell all my friends and can't wait to return.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KirRoyalePlease
<Content>Great boutique hotel       The rest of the room (Junior suite)  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crisifusa
<Content>Wonderful hotel I spent last weekend in Ares Hotel with my friend. Everything was perfect! - The location: just a few minutes walking from Tour Eiffel.- the room: clean, quite and fully equipped with excellent furnishing. - the staff : very friendly and helpful, we had a nice welcome - what more could we want!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deangelis_am
<Content>holidays in paris I staied in hotel with my wife for three nights in May 08 to celebrate my 35th birthday. The hotel were good. Clean, modern entrance with friendly staff. Checked in quickly and room was spacious and more than I'd expected.Staff were freidnly  helpful throughout the visit and we had no issues. Hotel is in an excellent location, 5 mins walk to metro, 5 mins to Eiffel Tower. I raccoamnde it for your holidays.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YOUGOTTABEKIDDIN
<Content>Simply great I took my mum to Paris as a birthday present. She had never been before so I wanted to make sure I booked the right hotel in the right location. The Hotel Ares Eiffel did not disappoint. It was an easy trip from the airport to the hotel but just a little too much for my mum (she was 72 on 19/05/08) as there are a lot of stairs to tackle in the metro stations (although, there were only two changes and it only cost 8.20 euro each single). We found the hotel with the help of a very friendly elderly french chap and went inside. We were very warmly greeted in a lovely reception and directed to our room - no fuss or palava which was nice. We entered the room and it was just beautiful, my mum was so impressed. I had updraded to the superior room and although it was a little small, it was worth it. The decor and furnishings were fantastic - just like all the reviews said. We walked to the Eiffel Tower in about 20 minutes (we got a little lost even though it is only around a few corners!) and had a thoroughly nice time. We arrived back at the hotel quite a few hours later and were greeted by the same very nice lady who checked us in earlier. We had a look around reception as it's so striking and she brought us miniature desserts....just because!! Next day we took the boat trip on the Siene (12 euro each - Batoboat or something it's called) and spent all day on it. Very good value. We hadn't booked breakfast as there are lots of little cafes and places to eat but, on the Saturday, as the hotel was so gorgeous, we decided to have breakfast in it. The dining room was beautifully done and the breakfast was extremely nice. We had our choice of breads, yoghurts, fruit compotes, jams, cheese, coffees, juices and teas. Worth the 15 euro each, at least once during your stay. The same friendly lady was able to organise us a shuttle bus back to the airport on Sunday to save my mum the hassle of worrying about contending with the metro stations. I think it was called the Yellow Van Shuttle or something but well worth it at 36 euro for 2 people (you share with 4-6 others). I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone as it's just a real treat - I'll definitely go back. I'd been to Paris 4 times before with my husband so I'm looking forward to taking him to this hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>civitellus
<Content>Holidays at HOTEL ARES EIFFEL I spent a very nice holidays with my family in a beautiful hotel with a very professional staff. I suggest to visit the hotel to spent a very nice holidays  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Saltfish1
<Content>Fabulous Find - made our trip We stayed here for just one night, but wish it was longer. The hotel is in a great location, the rooms are impressive and very comfortable and the staff very helpful and friendly. I would definately love to go back. A great find!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>deepio
<Content>amazing...had a wonderfull stay Had an amazing break at the hotel. would stay again.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tilehurst38
<Content>wonderful, The perfect hotel in a perfect city with perfect weather. My partner and I visited this hotel for the May bank holiday and what a wonderful time we had. Having never visited paris before we spent alot of time on internet looking for the right hotel. We found the perfect place as far as we were concerned. The rooms were perfectly decorated, very clean with fresh linen and towels every day. The staff were very pleasant and spoke very good English. The hotel was located in a quiet street but a short walk from the Champ de Mars park and the Eiffeil Tower. The hotel was perfectly located and near some very good restaurants. Would stay here time and time again.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>president08
<Content>nice styng at hotel ares we have beeen in paris for our vacation in paris we have found this little jewel , the rooms are spacious and very nice.the lobby and the breakfast room are wonderful . is really an adress that we will reccomend to our friends.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RachelLye
<Content>Great stay at Ares Eiffel We stayed at the Ares Eiffel for 3 nights (superior room) and was most impressed by the refurbished rooms which was well-sized and beautifully decorated. Our king bed was very comfortable, and bathroom tastefully done up Versace style. The metro stop was just a short walk away with 3 different lines providing easy access to most parts of Paris. Breakfast at the hotel was expensive but there are plenty of cafes just round the corner on the main street for more reasonably priced croissants, coffee and juice. I highly recommend the Ares Eiffel and will definitely go back for a second stay!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>vurtalizer
<Content>3 stars? should have more. we were very suprised with this hotel, as we did not expect much from a 3 star hotel in paris. however, it was at a great location, modern, fantastic service and great comfort. we truly recommend this to everyone going to paris.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Shemala
<Content>It'll be great when it's finished! We stayed here for one night at the end of March due to a mix up with our booking at the Eiffel Seine Hotel. We were most impressed by the quality of the decoration and fittings in our room - the large comfortable bed, the flat screen TV with internet access and the Versace bathroom. Loved the designer cups in the cosy breakfast room.The refurbishment looks to be almost complete as the reception area was being painted whilst we were there.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alexmas58
<Content>My new home in Paris A wonderful hotel just ten minutes walking to reach Eiffel Tower. The hotel have been completely renovated in 2007 with excellent results. Very spacious room with great comfort, a tremendous Bang  Olufsen TV with flat screen!!!!! Versace tiles in the bath room and elegant furniture! The receptionists were very friendly and professional. The hotel worth each euro you pay for your stay!Absolutely the best hotel I've been in Paris.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Olealeksander
<Content>Loved it!       Versace Badezimmer  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Chiddies
<Content>Even better than last time ... We returned to this hotel having had a wonderful stay there 3 years ago and our stay was even better than before. The hotel is near the end of a total refurbishment. The rooms are all finished and the twin and double our party occupied were very tastefully decorated with every modern comfort - fantastic bathrooms and really comfy beds. The breakfast room is lovely and the finishing touches are being given to the lounge and reception. The hotel staff are very friendly and attentive and the hotel location is just fantastic for the eiffel tour, ecole militaire, metro, markets, etc. The Ares is in a lovely, quiet area and yet so close to everything you need. We wouldn't look stay anywhere else in Paris - excellent vfm.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Retromobile
<Content>Check out the updated Ares We did not actually book the Hotel Ares, but originally booked with the Eiffel-Seine. Due to last minute problems, the Eiffel-Seine arranged for us to be transferred to the Ares.The hotel is undergoing a major refurb and the rooms have been completed to the highest standards. They are surprisingly genourous for Paris City hotels. We had a big bathroom with huge walk in shower/double bowl sinks/reasonable sized bath and Versace tiles! The bedroom had Plasma screen TV and good range of both domestic and foreign channels. There are some reasobaly priced Bistos within 5 min walk, along with the Metro Station/Sarnie shop/Supermarket/Pizzeria and the Eiffel Tower is only 10 min walk away. At night you can see the tower illuminations from just to the front of the hotel.The only drawback is that there is still some work going on to finish reception and lounge and we were met each day with the fresh smell of paint or turpentine. But to be fair, it didn't interfere with our stay.The reception is managed by friendly multi lingal staff. Breakfast is available at an extra charge.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Echography
<Content>Delicious bath and room My company's office in France found this lovely small hotel on a very quiet street. We liked so much, we decided to stay on for 2 extra days. Elegant, quaint, fabulous architectural details throughout. Supurb bathroom - heated towel rods, bidet, large tub and generous shower, travertine marble - WOW. Excellent and friendly service at front desk. We would definitely stay here again in any of the renovated rooms. Renovations are nearly complete. Don't be put off by the lobby, it is soon to be renovated too!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smithlinton
<Content>Really Nice Hotel       Renovierter Flur  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlitzC
<Content>Great location!!! good hotel- friendly staff- fab weekend away!!       Badezimmer  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carrabinieri
<Content>A good value A well taken photo can make even the nicest rooms look even better. That is the case here. Don't get me wrong. The hotel was very nice...clean, located close to transportation, sites, local bistros, etc. It is just that sometimes you can get a bad surprise when you actually see the hotel. This hotel is pretty much as advertised. Expect a smaller room and less amenities in the bathroom (ie: a separate closet for the toilet) than in the states, but it is typical European and charming Remodeling was going on during our stay (Dec 26-29, 2006) but it caused no problems. I had read allot of reviews about the great staff here. Those reviews were right on. Based on the great location (very quiet neighborhood, value (104 Euro/night for 3 nights), ATMs around the corner, Metro around the corner, I would definitely consider a return visit here.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>RTE
<Content>In Need of a Makeover! We had booked in to another hotel which had water damage. The Ares was booked by the other great hotel (Hotel Duquesne Eiffel). At the Ares Tour Eiffel we payed 160 Euros for a room with no air conditioner, you could hear the guests upstairs every time they walked around theier room. Family called us telephonically to be told we were out for dinner - we were in our room. Staff were not helpful. This hotel is completely overpriced in comparison to other hotels. The inside has a tired look! It is in need of a makeover!!! Thankfully we only stayed one night and moved to the great Hotel Duquesne Eiffel  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rtkunstal
<Content>Nice Hotel In Paris Our party of three adults spent 3 day in the Hotel Ares in mid-September. We had a good-sized room with two double beds. The room was freshly decorated with yellow walls and nice white, carved crown molding. There were large windows in both the bedroom and spacious bathroom that opened onto an interior coutyard (not very attractive but the fresh air was great!). By Paris standards the bath was huge. The hotel is located in the 15th just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower. It is on a quiet street only a block from shopping, restaurants and the metro. The hotel staff was very gracious and helpful. We have stayed in several 3 star hotels in Paris and this is the best by far. The metro station was great as it had access to several lines. We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bello_Mondo
<Content>Great hotel and location, and who's in Paris to stay in their hotel room?!? I stayed in this hotel at the end of September, early October. It was my first stay in Paris, and I was looking for a hotel out of the noisy and congested tourist areas. I wanted a quiet location to recoup after a full day of walking. This hotel met my needs perfectly! It was quiet, as it's located on a side street. It's a charming little hotel with very helpful, English-speaking staff. They even made arrangements for my shuttle from/to the airport.The location is great, as there is a main metro location just steps from the hotel. The metro is THE way to get around Paris. On Wednesday and Sunday, there is a local market underneath the overhead metro station. It has fresh produce, breads, cheeses, and other specialties. Also present are vendors with great deals on leather and clothing. Cashmere/silk pashminas for 5 euros that I saw in Le Bon Marche for 35 euros! Merry Christmas shopping for all my friends at this one market!As others have noted in their reviews, breakfast is better had at one of the nearby cafes. Go get a croissant or pain au chocolate at the patisserie around the corner, and enjoy your expresso or cafe au lait as the French do!I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a clean, quiet, convenient French hotel. I'd go back (and plan to). The rooms are Euro-sized (don't plan on doing your yoga in the room!), and the bathroom was large by euro standards -- a bath/shower combo with plenty of hot water for a shower/bath.Merci beaucoup Hotel Ares for making my first trip to Paris so memorable.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>MamaAyinde
<Content>Many plusses, but some problems I actually loved this hotel for its spacious room, comfortable bathroom, close proximity to the Metro and a grocery (great for traveling with small kids) and fantastic location on a quiet street. However, continental breakfast (2 croissants and a hot drink) was overpriced at 9 euros (no discount for even little kids), and the elevator was out of order on 4 of the 6 days of our stay. When I suggested that there should be some accommodation for not having an elevator (as it was an essential part of my requirements when booking a room with small kids), I was told on the second (or third) day of our stay that they would find me another hotel, but that was all (i.e., take it or leave it). As I was traveling with two small children (ages 2  4), had already unpacked and had gotten acclimated, I didn't consider this a realistic option, especially for a 6-day stay. When I asked for a late check-out on our final day (2:30 pm, as opposed to noon), as a small concession, I was flatly and very curtly refused. Otherwise the service was very helpful. Finally, the cleaning staff was very, very good, but very, very noisy, talking loudly among themselves down the halls and up and down the stairs in the mornings. No problem if you're an early riser. In sum, many plusses, but I'm not sure it was worth the price.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>UncleTravellingDan
<Content>Great Service, Lovely Hotel My girlfriend and I stayed at the Ares Hotel for 2 nights in June, 2006. I chose the hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed in the slightest. We were surprised with a very large room (2 double beds!) with a beautiful juliet balcony overlooking a pleasant, quiet typically Parisian street. The bathroom was roomy and the power shower always had hot water.The hotel is only about 10 mins walk to La Tour Eiffel and 1 minute walk from the La Motte Picquet Metro station which had excellent links to the Latin Quarter and Place de la Concorde.The staff were extremely friendly, very helpful and seemed genuinely interested in helping us. The hotel was accessible 24 hours with a night security guard letting us in after 3am one morning. The breakfast was well presented and delicious (Croissant, Pain au chocolat, yogurt, coffee, orange juice  bread/cheese) although if not included in the package we booked we would not have paid the 9 Euros - there are some lovely places to eat nearby.Overall Ares Hotel comes highly recommended - if you are after a quiet location with great transport links, pleasant service and extremely comfortable beds and rooms you'd do well to find something more idealy suited.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tiggs20
<Content>Good Size and Very Clean Definately Recommend! The hotel was round the corner from La Motte Picquet Grenelle Metro so very convenient. The staff spoke good english and were helpful. The lift was small but could 2 people with travel cases in. We had booked a four bed room and it was above the main entrance but the hotel is on a very quiet street away from the main road so we werent disturbed at all. The room was big enough for 4 people and the bathroom was the biggest Ive seen in a Paris hotel. It had a shower unit rather than a bath but was big enough to swing more than a cat! The decor was bright in yellow but the room was clean and the beds were comfy.We didnt have breakfast as we chose to attend a local cafe.All in all I would definately stay again as its location to the Eiffel Tower was great at night - near enough to wander down to look.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EasterTraveler
<Content>Glad we stayed My two daughters and I found Hotel Ares to be a wonderful stay. We stayed on a first floor triple.Enjoyed the fresh air from our french window that overlooked an unatractive inter court. Lots of space and storage. Clean large room with a big clean bathroom. The girls loved it. Easy access to the metro stop and close to grocery stores in a neighborhood of antique shops. While we were there last week they had an outdoor antique market with over 20 booths just two blocks away. Picked up some nice old postcards of Paris for 1e each. We did not use the hotel breakfast. We loved the neighborhood spots to enjoy outside dining in October and watching daily Parisian life. The hotel staff and front desk folks were very friendly and helpful. I wish we had been able to spend more than 2 nights here. For a small hotel the two sitting rooms across from the front desk were a plus and a nice place to read a book or write post cards. I hope we can return to this hotel on our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Youhoo
<Content>Good Hotel for the Price Went to Paris for the weekend of Oct 1-2 and was a little anxious after seeing some of the reviews and never used a none chain hotel. We had three adults, my wifeand myself and our adult daughter who is a student in London. We found this hotel to be just what we needed. We had three beds in a junior suite with room for all of us. Our room opened into an inner courtyard and any noise reverberated throughout but that was a mild inconvenience. Our room was at the end of a hall so we did not hear anything from other rooms or the hallways.The location is great, there is a metro stop just minutes away, and plenty of restaurants around the corner.There is also a superb farmers market on Sunday morning.The staff was most courteous even though we spoke little to no French.I can recommend this hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fotogrrrl
<Content>Quite happy with Hotel Ares       The tub  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ShaunNorfolk
<Content>'Overrated' We have in the past relied on the opinions posted on Tripadvisor for hotels in Dominican Republic, Las Vegas, G/Canyon and Los Angeles. Thankfully ALL have been excellent hotels as recommended. So we obviously looked on Tripadvisor for an hotel in Paris. We can honestly say that we wish we hadn't. I'm not sure if the people who posted the earlier reviews stayed at the same hotel as we did! I've heard that the hotel rooms in Paris are small but I didn't realise how small they can be! The bedroom was a double with only just enough room for what looked like a rather small and very hard and uncomfortable double bed. There was very little storage for any clothes for our 4 night stay. The room although clean had a large stain in the carpet and looked as if it hadn't been painted for at least 5 years. The bathroom was clean and although small proved adequate, with plenty of hot water on tap at all times of the day. There were no windows in the room just a large set of French doors that we had to leave open as it was in the mid 80's during our stay. Outside was noisy at times, but I guess that applies to many hotels in Paris. Thankfully the hotel provided us with a large fan that kept the room temperature to a bearable level. The walls appeared paper thin, but thankfully people around us seemed to share our waking/bed times. The brakfast was well worth the extra cost being a typical continental affair served at your table in a small brakfast room. The hotel is a good 15 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and only a few minutes walk away from a well connected Metro station. The staff were generally hepful and reasonably friendly. Overall we would say that the hotel was no more than adequate. I find it hard to believe that there aren't other better hotels in Paris at the same and probably cheaper price. My advice is to carry on searching Tripadvisor for another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Vladaros
<Content>Good location and nothing more We spent 4 nights in this hotel in a double room, and I can say that the room is relatively small but fairly clean. The bath room was just functional. The rooms (at least the ones at the first floor) are extremely noisy and uncomfortable.People with in wheelchairs or with mobility difficulties forget this hotel; to access the small elevator (in all floors) you have to climb a 4-5 steps narrow stairway.A good thing about this hotel is the location, situated at 5 minutes walk from Champ de mars, and 10 minutes from the Eiffel tower. There is a subway station close the hotel (1 minute walk) with direct lines to the Triumph arch and to the Notre Dame area. The Hotel area has several coffee shops and restaurants, supermarkets and a pharmacy.The Hotel is not cheep considering the alternatives nearby.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Monks-in-Miami
<Content>Great hotel, great location! Our family of four stayed here for five days in early June. This is a very quaint hotel with very spacious quad rooms (two double beds, desk, tv, mini-bar) and a big bathroom (shower, toiletries, hairdryer, and all the amenities of a larger hotel). The staff was very helpful and friendly, from the time of our first email to check-out. The elevator was tiny, so be prepared to take multiple trips with your luggage, or to go up the stairs. The kids enjoyed running up and down the five flights of stairs!!The location is great: just a five minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mer, 10-minutes to Rue Cler, two metro stations within a five-minute walk, and multiple bakeries and cafes. A very good continental breakfast is also available at the hotel.In addition to this, the price was very reasonable: 150 Euros a night. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>C'est Magnifique Words fail me as I relate the absolutely wonderful time and accomodations that my wife and I enjoyed during our 7 day stay at the Hotel Ares Tour Eiffel. We were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary and were filled with excitement like two children. Our experience began with emails that we sent to the hotel asking questions about various things in Paris and about the hotel weeks before our arrival. The hotel personnel were so kind in answering back each and every question that we had. Upon arrival, Isabelle was a beautiful smiling face that assured us we had made the correct decision about our lodging. We arrived very early on Monday morning and were so pleased to have our luggage stored for us until later in the day when we could check in our room. The room itself was beautiful, large, very clean and generously supplied. The beds were very comfortable and the bath facilities were very accomodating. Even though we were there in late July the evening temperatures were very comfortable with our large room windows opened wide for a great breeze. Isabelle, Severiene and Phillip were so, so very accomodating in helping us plan additional activities and make reservations upon Bateau Mouche for our 30th wedding anniversary celebration cruise. The hotel location is perfect in that you are really in a French neighborhood and enjoy the sounds and sights that most visitors to Paris might miss. It is close to all of the buses and metro as well as the Eiffel Tower that my wife and I used as a star in keeping our directions straight during our daily trips out into the city. We felt very safe and secure in this neighborhood and absolutely will stay at Hotel Ares Tour Eiffel again for our next trip to Paris!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnandlucia
<Content>Good Value for Money   showReview(3685665, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pietogo
<Content>Great Launch Pad in Paris       This is a picture of our room -- you can see one of the French Doors in the background...  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jarne
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(3518502, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelingprof
<Content>A nice reasonable hotel in Paris   showReview(3350889, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TXTravelBuff
<Content>Charming hotel, Great Staff, Great Metro connections   showReview(3324676, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Todd_Whitehurst
<Content>Definitely not impressed   showReview(2584504, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little luxury, a lot of value!   showReview(1867943, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Quiet Little Gem   showReview(1843072, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!   showReview(1422828, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect quaint hotel near Eiffel Tower   showReview(1021971, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>H-P-sprl
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(23175337, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJ_Clemente
<Content>Muy buen hotel, con excelentes habitaciones.   showReview(23130919, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>arthuroise
<Content>Fantastique h么tel   showReview(23078299, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tempestaoceano
<Content>forza sette   showReview(22676918, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nakados
<Content>Peque帽o pero perfecto   showReview(22627186, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>MiPortaIlVento
<Content>Un soggiorno indimenticabile   showReview(22467543, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ErsiliaAscoliPiceno
<Content>W l'Hotel Ares Eiffel   showReview(22266074, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ParideCamerino
<Content>Hotel Ares Eiffel per una vacaza da sogno   showReview(22260636, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nino88
<Content>tutto vero!!!!   showReview(22243752, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bimbomissile
<Content>Bellissimo hotel       Bagno  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lukascenko
<Content>Very good hotel   showReview(22200752, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Revisore
<Content>Hotel Ares: un piacevolissimo nido   showReview(21839415, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jaja_86
<Content>Super!!   showReview(21611048, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dina11
<Content>Bellissimo soggiorno   showReview(21602627, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rido63
<Content>Ottimo Hotel Ares   showReview(21566378, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Igase
<Content>C茅ntrico, 铆ntimo y lujoso.   showReview(21524170, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>gretanemo
<Content>Regalatevi un sogno...   showReview(21147271, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>leGuideDelice
<Content>hygiene irreprochable   showReview(20716300, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tinkerbell1966
<Content>Sehr angenehmes Hotel   showReview(20688259, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	5	4	5	

<Author>Arimao
<Content>La excelencia en miniatura       Entrada noche  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barbapapa19
<Content>Meraviglioso !!!   showReview(19956712, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dudu61
<Content>Ritorno alla bellezza   showReview(19872257, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>giopapy
<Content>Nuovamente soddisfatto!   showReview(19854808, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>_Biancanev3
<Content>Indimenticabile!   showReview(19740837, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smanettone
<Content>splendido hotel a parigi   showReview(19351225, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>memi8
<Content>vacanze parigine   showReview(19328061, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janpierr
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(18639199, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pierrebi
<Content>Ares... indimenticabile   showReview(18305023, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manoloscia
<Content>splendida vacanza all' hotel ares   showReview(18282749, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paglia
<Content>parigi val bene una messa   showReview(18226074, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pippetto77
<Content>Un Week End da sogno   showReview(18207492, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pedro-de-nino
<Content>Che comodit脿 l'Ares !   showReview(18174595, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>giulia074
<Content>l'hotel perfetto   showReview(18010627, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>biagi0
<Content>5 stelle al prezzo di 3, non perdetevelo   showReview(17882762, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jplevesque
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅ablement surpris!   showReview(17410640, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maxcosta
<Content>Weekend romantico   showReview(17361948, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ischatte
<Content>Super Aufenthalt   showReview(17340303, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mamy51
<Content>esattamente come l'avevano descritto   showReview(17076866, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scheiwiler
<Content>Ideale Unterkunft f眉r St盲dtreise   showReview(16816320, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>luca60
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(16777154, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>antonio_nardini
<Content>Soggiorno indimenticabile   showReview(16722756, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>navarrino
<Content>Splendido Albergo   showReview(16410539, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eurosio
<Content>soggiorno all hotel Ares Eiffel   showReview(16172710, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dieguitos76
<Content>hotel di altissimo livello e qualita   showReview(15612001, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pgrules
<Content>Una splendida scoperta   showReview(15514390, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AbruzzoSandro
<Content>Vacanza in famiglia   showReview(15460054, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bowen25
<Content>Superbe !   showReview(15166255, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>sposo3elle
<Content>bellissimo hotel   showReview(15135633, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>entony
<Content>Fascino ed eleganza   showReview(15077948, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gramenzi
<Content>Ritornero'   showReview(15045891, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lasylla
<Content>charme et elegance   showReview(15023460, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thequeenitalia
<Content>design boutique hotel   showReview(14764887, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fra83
<Content>Soggiorno romantico a Parigi   showReview(14704705, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jfox91
<Content>L'Hotel Ares Eiffel, un bellissimo hotel   showReview(14595518, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>santr1no
<Content>Un sogno chiamato Ares   showReview(14569797, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GIGGIAZZO
<Content>Hotel da sogno   showReview(14414082, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patrizia_ale
<Content>bel compleanno   showReview(14382984, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anste
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(12324054, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cricri75
<Content>un'esperienza unica.......   showReview(12130196, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

