<Author>colleys3846
<Content>Not horrible, not great First off I booked the room on the priority club website for holiday inn priority club members for $139 a night. Long story short a week before we are supposed to go I find a link on the chateau lemoyne website for last minute deals. The room I was paying $139 for was now going for $79. So I cancelled the original room and reserved it again for the cheaper rate. I am so glad I did because I would be mad if I was paying that much for this room. Its clean but thats about all I can say for it. There is a balcony which I thought was cool, but it is so loud from the street noise you cant sleep. This goes on all night. Car alarms, music from passing by cars, people yelling. Its crazy. The bed is comfy, but I am telling you the noise ruins it. The hotel overall is in dire need of some TLC. Its clean, just really run down. Fine for $79 but not for more.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MUfootball28
<Content>Great Location Cant emphasize enough how great the location is......nice hotel and the staff was very helpful.....honestly didnt spend much time in the room because there is so much to do in the city....but it is one block from bourbon street and far enough from the noise that it wasnt a problem at all....also really close to canal street.....the perfect location close enough to everything without all the noise at night...the rooms were clean and comfy and i had no complaints.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JoeBlowChicago
<Content>Decent Place. Decent Local. Decent Service. I always like to refer to these types of hotels as spring break hotels. They are a little dingey, maybe a little musty, but the service is decent and the price is good. Everything in the room worked. It was clean but a bit worn in. It is probably what you'd expect for the price you will pay.Its one block off a busy section of Bourbon. There is a nice little mom  pop place to eat a cheap but good breakfast 1/2 block away--Annette's. It was not noisy, the maid service was very good, and the front desk was pretty good. Got us a cab whenever we needed one, but had a disagreement on the rate we booked the room at and will probably end up paying $50 more than what we signed up for over 4 nights. Not a major thing in my opinion, but worth mentioning.If you're looking to stay at a clean hotel, very close to Bourbon, without worrying for your safety, that is quiet and relatively inexpensive I don't think you can go wrong with this place.I'd book it again given the price.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>travelingirlVegas
<Content>Good hotel with a great location! My boyfriend and I spent 6 nights at the Holiday Inn and were plesantly surprised with the accommodations. We picked this hotel because of it's convenient location and great price. We were able to walk just about everywhere and take the street car when we couldn't walk. Some hotels post pictures on their website that can be misleading but with the Holiday Inn the hotel looks exactly like the pictures. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Our room faced the courtyard so we didn't have any problems with noise. I didn't use the swimming pool but other guests did and it appeared to be clean and refreshing. The Valet/Bell Desk staff were very helpful and always there to greet us. The Front Desk staff were equally friendly and accommodating. The lobby and bar were both cool, clean and offered an inviting atmosphere. The only complaint I could make would be about the hotel restaurant. It is only open for breakfast which is fine but I thought the food was slightly overpriced for what we ordered and the staff could use some customer service training. The city itself is still feeling the effects of Hurrican Katrina and therefore extremely in need of tourism dollars. I found most of the people to be genuinely friendly and apprecitive of tourists. The food is probably one of the major reasons to visit New Orleans. I would highly recommend Mulate's which is located across from the Riverwalk on Julia St and Convention Center Dr.We spent most of our evenings on Bourbon Street and had a blast. There's live music everywhere and the street is bursting with people just having a great time. We noticed even the Police Officers seem to be having fun. At the end of the night we took the 5 minute walk back to our hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SilverV
<Content>THANK YOU CHATEAU LEMOYNE (HURRICANE GUSTAV)       Pool Area - Courtyard - Chateau LeMoyne  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Redsfancmh
<Content>Great location, nice hotel, good looking staff! We have stayed at this hotel several times and always like it. The location in the FQ is great being close to everything but not on Bourbon so it's nice and quiet at night. They were having some computer problems when we arrived but nothing major and easily excused since a hurricane had just gone through the day before. All the staff was nice, especially Alan, the cute Bellman, he was very friendly asking us about our stay and told us to come back when it's livelier he also is packing a nice bulge.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	2	5	3	

<Author>sk_denny
<Content>Superb location and character       my room  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chief58
<Content>Hard to find something to complain about but as you can read below some folks will find a way. I'm typing this in the lovely courtyard overlooking the pool and the pictures on their website do not do it justice. This is a rare oasis in the FQ. Let's get to the details:Front Desk: Serviceable and met every request. I asked for adjoining rooms over the phone and they were ready without a 'reminder' upon check-in.Doorman/Bellhop: Robert was amazing with lots of good suggestions, including where NOT to eat for breakfast.Concierge: By the front desk. Just kids who really don't know anything, but they have lots of maps and brochures!Elevator: One person's creak and jolt is another person's example of charisma in their New Orleans experience.Rooms: I guess every hotel has its clunkers, but our two were perfect for us. Very clean and serviceable. Housekeeping was very efficient and accomodating when we asked them to come back at another time. The bathroom was just fine, nothing extravagant but everything worked. You won't be bowled over by the decor as it is dated, but this is an old hotel in New Orleans, what do you expect?Street Noise: Other than the odd car and motorcycle it was very quiet. there's really nothing around the hotel like bars or restaurants so other than the odd pack of overimbibing Bourbon Stree revelers who took a wrong turn there's nothing to get upset about.Amenities: the Lounge is fine for a drink, but very smokey so we took our drinks out to the courtyard. WE never did do breakfast there but it smelled good. Maybe we'll do it tomorrow.Overall it is a pretty nice option for a New Orleans style hotel. the price makes it a steal.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjunglejim
<Content>Nickel and Dime you to death!! I will start this off stating that I Love New Orleans and have been there/here many times and stayed in many locations. Since the last trip I have been staying true to the Holiday Inn brand and try to use their hotels whenever possible.I would highly recomend finding a different hotel then the Chateau Lemoyne when in the city. It seems like they go out of their way to find a way to extract your money out of your pocket at every turn. From the $30 dollar per night parking ($5 more for SUV's which they opted not to tell us over the phone, same size parking space, just another way to get more of your money) to charging you to use the Business Center.I have read a bunch of complaints about the parking charges from other reviewers and the hotel is obviously aware of it since the staff is so sickly sweet to down sell any public parking in the area.Charm could be used to describe the hotel, but our room had plenty of cracks in the plaster as well as marks along the walls and over-paint on the trim, I wouldn't call it charming, just poorly kept.Looks like next time we will give the Drury a chance...  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>Elena74
<Content>Not my idea of a Holiday Inn Hotel This hotel needs sound proof windows on the street side of the hotel. Don't plan on sleeping much if you get a street side room, especailly if you are a light sleeper. I was in room 414 and I got maybe 3 hours sleep a night because of all the street noise at all hours of the night.At first glance the room is very very nice. Very nicely decorated and clean. When I started looking into more detail I noticed the doors to the balcony were falling off. I was not comfortable going out on the balcony since I was on the 4th floor and this hotel is in such disrepair. The bathroom was small but ok, although the tub looked like it needed a nice scrubbing and the paint was peeling above the tub.Another concern I had is the peeling paint on the balcony doors. As old as this hotel is I would worry about lead in the paint expecially if I was traveling with childern. This should be a big concern if I was running this hotel.We ordered pizza delivered to the hotel and can tell you it was great and fast. We took advantage of the tables out around the pool area. This hotel needs to be given a FACELIFT and some major UPGRADES in a BIG way!One of the good things about this hotel is that it is one block from Bourbon St.Hotel security is very visible.I can not say enough about the hotel staff. The staff was always helpful and friendly.Even though the parking is expensive it was a relief not to have to worry about my vehicle while I was there. I parked my vehicle when I arrived and did not need it again until the day I left. This is New Orleans version of Holiday Inn Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>cappybandman
<Content>Nice Property in the Quarter       View of the courtyard and pool from our window  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>woohootravel
<Content>Great location...not so great property...needs reno bad! I stayed here at the end of March on buisness. As a previous hospitality employee, my standards are kinda high. When you pull up, it looks great, friendly bellman escort you inside. Then front desk staff was not very friendly and just checked you in without a smile or barely making eye contact. I was very scared to go up the elevator as it looks and works like its about to fall apart. My floor was very dark and gloomy but luckily my room was near the elevator and didnt have to walk far. My door was kinda hard to open but ok. At first glance the room is very very nice. Very nicely decorated and clean. When I started looking into more detail (here came the ex hotel employee in me) I noticed there were holes in the carpet and the doors to the balcony were falling off. No big deal since they locked good and I was on a high floor. The bathroom was small but ok, although the tub looked like it needed a nice scrubbing and it did not drain the whole time I was there. The tiles above the shower head were about to fall off, they were gunky and black. The bed was comfy and it was mostly quiet for the 3 days I was there. Great walking distance to all the good places and great live music on some corners. Didnt want to eat at the hotel since I wanted to take in local cuisine, although I did notice the hotel's restaurant was never open anyway. On my last day, when I woke up I tried to turn on the lights and NONE of the light bulbs worked in my ROOM!! I had to open the balcony doors too see!! When I was checking out I did mention that to the Front Desk staff and they were very nice about everything (different people then check in). Overall, OK hotel, would be better if they renovated. Wouldnt stay here again though. P.S. Kudos to New Orleans airport security!! They are very throughough and firm! The security at the airport in my city (which is bigger than NO) is not like that.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>homebound83
<Content>Great experiecne I enjoyed my trip to this hotel very much! The location was great and so was the staff. I love being able topark my car in a secure garage and walk. The restaurant was lacking some for such a nice hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chevytexas
<Content>Yes, it's quiet; this is a different Quarter Experience Friends, especially for those Who Remember the Quarter: you should face some reality checks. First: where do you think those still-friendly service and hospitality folk have to commute from these days? Consider this: the Quarter survived and it'll come back; much of NOLA did not and has not yet. For an older property that has, frankly, been amalgamated from older buildings this hotel has affordability and convenience. The rooms tend to mirror the faded opulence of pre-Katrina and maybe you've stayed in a similar budget place in Europe or Mexico. You'll get: convenience; safety (don't let the very large Hummer from BlackHawk impress or intimidate you, you're still in the Quarter); affordability --I got $89 on Holiday Inns' site. You'll also get a very dedicated staff who want you to be safe and enjoy your NOLA experience. Post-Katrina Quarter has: fewer tourists=fewer crowds (growing); easier access to great food  drink and tables you can linger over; more small evening markets and ATMs; the same easy direction to anythin you're looking for, even out of the Quarter. And: quite a few specials (lagniappes) you have only to ask for: tours, free admissions and of course great local references -- just ask anyone you meet.This is an affordable hotel with charm and great location; very quiet, I'm not sure where any noise would come from, everything's for sale around them. Enjoy your stay, ask for help and expect a realistic sojourn in a city that is trying, with your help, to return --as is this property. I have stayed here before and I will return. Laissez les bon temps roulez!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	4	3	

<Author>TulaneGrad
<Content>Not What it Used to Be... Having stayed at this hotel as an almost-Tulane student about to start Freshman year in '86 and again just 5 years ago, I had always loved this hotel's service, location, and reasonable prices. It had more character than most Holiday Inns and was well decorated. I just stayed here again last week and was truly sorry I did. Maybe the hurricane damage or money problems are the cause, but it just looked shabby and dirty. I convinced two other friends to stay and they were equally disappointed. One friend had to move rooms due to mold on her wallpaper and a broken air conditioner and was given an equally bad room with peeling wallpaper. My toilet broke on the first flush. Even with armed security fuards downstairs (who we had to call to escort us to our room after being followed by a drunk, lost and menacing guest ), we were scared to walk the long hallways at night alone. There were no visible video surveillance cameras. The front desk was often understaffed, the elevators were frightening (one broke after making awful sounds for a few days) and dirty, and the place smelled of smoke. The pool was the jewel of the place, still beautiful after all these years. I would say for the price, try to get a different hotel! This needs to be given a facelift and some upgrades in a big way!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1Maggie
<Content>Great location in the French Quarter! This is a great hotel in three 19th century townhouses just off Beinville in the French Quarter. We had a corner room on the 4th floor with three balconies. The room was fairly spacious and the hotel provides free WiFi. The bathroom was the standard smallish Holiday Inn variety but was certainly serviceable.The desk staff were friendly and helpful and the price, $125/night for a king room was a great deal for this location. No, this is not a W style luxury sleep but if you want character and a hotel that is within walking distance of Royal Street shopping and dining this is an excellent value.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>April-holiday
<Content>Loved the flags flying out the front This hotel was a great choice for me as I did not want to be right on Bourbon Street. Yet, from here I was still close enough to Royal and Chartres Street. However, everything within the French Quarter is within walking distance.Check in and out was easy and staff always friendly. The pool area is inviting and I had the opportunity to use the pool on the first day and it was pleasant, plus there is a nice area with tables / chairs  If you want supplies go to Rosies it鈥檚 a great little supermarket.Do not go to the Voodoo Museum it鈥檚 a waste of money, however the Louisiana State Museum was great.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>WombatTraveller
<Content>Is this really a Holiday Inn?? We have stayed at quite a few holiday inns in the US whilst on holidays and have always been happy with the consistent 3 star standard. This hotel was not up to the usual standard and at face value doesn麓t really appear to be a holiday inn. Maybe they have just joined the chain as most badging does not reflect the holiday inn brand. The positives were the good location in the french quarter and the size of the rooms. The negatives were the uncomfortable bed and the street noise. We specifically asked for a quiet room but this one couldn麓t have been noisier (bearing in mind we were away from Bourbon Street). If you do go here, make sure you don麓t get a street facing room. On our last night we both woke up with bites all over us and saw a cockroach in the bathroom.Service here was not exactly welcoming either, not that this is a big deal for us.With the range of hotels available in New Orleans, I麓m sure you can do better, especially for the fairly high price they charge.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	-1	1	

<Author>locolobo
<Content>Great Option To be Near Bourbon St. and the French Quarter       Bathroom Area  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>brokenankle
<Content>A Solid 3 Star Hotel with a 5 Star Location Just returned from 7 nights at the Holiday Inn Chateau LeMoyne. I am a Gold Prioirty Club member and had to fight for my amenities because I booked through Hotwire. Was never able to upgrade my room. I honestly think that we received the worst room in the house but we made do. The beds were comfortable and it was quiet at night.The pool area was very nice. We used the pool at least twice a day and had a great time poolside!The breakfast was overpriced and mediocre, but as children eat free at Holiday Inn, my 9 year old ordered pancakes every day and I had a cup of terribly weak coffee. The restaurant only serves breakfast and room service is only available during breakfast hours.The hotel has armed security officers. I honestly have never seen this at a hotel before! My son and I didn't go out at night, so I can't say how crazy the hotel became after people came back from the bars.The rooms didn't get made up until late afternoon. This irritated me at first, until I came to realize that 1 person was responsible for 2 entire floors and the hotel was at 100% occupancy. I tipped her generously the day before we left.The location was great! All told, this is a solid 3 star hotel and I would return.Bathrobes, slippers and umbrellas were not available. Front desk staff was rigid and inflexible. When you ask a question, they give you an answer and if you don't like it, that's just too bad.The day that we left we called the front desk to arrange for a cab ride to the airport and to our delight were transported via Town Car at the same price as a taxi fare.I do think that this hotel was a good value for the money at $119/night during Jazz Fest. Just remember that you get what you pay for and a 4 star property, this is not.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>gina1121
<Content>Loved Everything About This Hotel I stayed at the French Quarter Chateau LeMoyne in May of 2005. A colleague of mine had referred it to me and mentioned it was a Holiday Inn. At first I had my reservations because it was a special trip and I wanted to go a step above for the accommodations. She told me I would love it and I DID!. It is located on Rue Dauphine, one street or a half a block from Bourbon Street. It is also one block in from Canal Street. Great location very, very close to the action yet far enough to offer peace and quiet at the end of the night. The building gives you the impression of a stately home both inside and out. Upon pulling up you can鈥檛 help but notice the pillars that adorn the fa莽ade. Terra cotta tiles align the walkway to the lobby. It is impossible not to know you are in New Orleans. The lobby is picturesque with marble flooring, crown molding around the walls and ceiling and dark mahogany furniture. Check in went smoothly. The reservations representative was very helpful in answering all questions and I might add was smiling the whole time. It is so important to make a positive first impression and make somene feel welcomed.The first floor consists of the lobby, a restaurant that does serve breakfast and a bar which opens in the afternoon. There is also a courtyard right outside the restaurant that offers additional seating under a striped canopy awning. Located in the courtyard is also the moderately sized pool with lounge chairs on either side. Back inside you will find the concierge desk which is next to the check in. The representative was very helpful recommending excursions and tours. Even going as far as to call the room to let us know when the transportation arrived. Not customary but since I had fallen ill; she felt bad and wanted to help me rest as much as possible. The rooms I have to really say went above and beyond my expectations. The size of the room was especially large with two double beds, a table and two chairs. The d茅cor was a dark red/green paisley design which is exactly what you would expect to find in New Orleans with the again the rich mahogany furniture. Almost all of the rooms offer a French balcony unless they open up to the courtyard. The bathroom was just that, a bathroom, except it had more counter space than I would of thought. One of the things that impressed me so much was that the theming carried all throughout the hotel. It felt more like a home than a hotel. A continuation of a familiar atmosphere to help ease a weary and ill traveler. The restaurant offers breakfast only at around $15 per person. There is a chef that prepares all hot food and one again at the omelette station. Breakfast offers a vast array of cereals, muffins, some bagels (I am from the Northeast no one can ever have enough) and biscuits. I was sooo happy to finally have my sausage gravy and biscuits. The bar opens up in the afternoon, serving beer and mixed drinks.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kpdzineChicago_Il
<Content>Loved this place!       bedroom  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Belprincess
<Content>Not bad, not great but great location! We had a group stay here in April 2008. The hotel's location is great - easy to walk everywhere. Plus the rooms are pretty quiet so you can get a decent night sleep without having the loud quarter noise. The rooms are pretty dark though - need more lighting, especially at night. The bathrooms are very small. The hotel staff was very nice and pleasant. It was an average stay but we got a great rate. I'd stay here again but it's just an average hotel - nothing bad but nothing outstanding about it.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tx_sara
<Content>Can't beat the location This smaller boutique hotel was beyond my expectations. I stayed there during Mardi Gras and couldn't have been happier. The location is absolutely perfect. It was so convenient that I was even able to walk back to my room to use the restroom as needed while on Bourbon Street. The rooms were nice and clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I felt very safe even at late hours with the security outside the hotel (they were very friendly as well).Yes you do have to pay a pretty good price for daily parking, but the hotel tells you this up front. They were also quick to get our car as needed when leaving the quarter on a few occasions.If you are there to party or have a good time, get a room facing the pool. There are french doors that open up to the pool and you can socialize with others in the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>winebrat73
<Content>Charming! (Not your typical Holiday Inn) pros: Got a terrific deal through Priceline. Beautiful courtyard and pool, great location and charming atmosphere. cons: A little wear and tear (didn't bother us, but some folks might not like that), some noisy students on the weekend  some of the staff are pretty uninformed (except for Todd - he was very helpful and new his stuff). We booked this hotel through Priceline and got a terrific price. Given the price, we were thrilled with the hotel (we might have been less excited if we'd paid full price). The best thing about it is the location - it's one block from Bourbon street and within walking distance of everything in the French Quarter. It is a historic hotel that just happens to be owned by Holiday Inn; there is really nothing about it that would tell you that it is a Holiday Inn, it really feels like you are in a classic piece of New Orleans. The flipside of that is that it does show a little wear  tear (which can easily be characterized as charming character instead).When the weekend came around we noticed quite a few young people moving in  making a good bit of noise, but I'm sure that's not every weekend - this would be near spring break for many colleges. Overall we really enjoyed our trip  this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>LisaAC
<Content>Basic, but nothing special The hotel is perfectly located and, for being so close to Bourbon St, it was quiet while I was there. I was supposed to have a room with a king-size bed, but was give one with two full-size instead, which was somewhat annoying. They told me the king room wasn't booked, so I really don't know if the hotel screwed up or my travel agent did. They were not able to move me to a room like I wanted, which struck me as odd, considering it was just a week in January.The front desk staff always seemed a bit reluctant to assist. For instance, I came down for the morning complementary coffee and it wasn't ready. I asked at the desk when it would be, as it was 15 minutes past when I'd been told it would be. The man said he didn't know. And that was all! If I had not stood there staring at him, that would have been the end of it! With apparent reluctance, he called back to the kitchen. And each encounter I had with someone at the desk was similar.Maid service came very late in the day! Once, I arrived back at the room around 3 and it still wasn't done. I had to go out again before I was ready to. Another day, I was out from early morning till about 2:30 and came back to an uncleaned room. She finally knocked around 3-ish, but I was about to shower and nap before an evening out, so sent her away. Mixed feelings. A decent basic Holiday Inn with a great location, but it has its flaws.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Kurt5280
<Content>Cheated by the Management For my Christmas vacation I reserved a room on the Holiday Inn website for the French Quarter Holiday Inn on Royal Street because it has a full parking garage. Unfortunately, I made a mistake and accidentally reserved a hotel room at the Chateau Lemoyne on Rue Dauphine ($195.11) which does not have a parking garage due to confusion on the Holiday Inn website. After arriving at the correct Holiday Inn in New Orleans I checked in and was assured by the management that I could be accommodated since both Holiday Inns have the same ownership ($205.14). However, after Christmas I received an email from Holiday Inn stating, 鈥淭hank you for contacting Guest Relations regarding your reservation with Holiday Inn Chateau LeMoyne, New Orleans, LA. I appreciate you taking the time to bring this matter to our attention.鈥?鈥淚 have contacted the General Manager at the hotel (Chateau Lemoyne) regarding the charge you received and have asked if they would be willing to issue a goodwill credit to your account ($195.11). They are unable to do so due to the terms originally agreed to on your reservation.鈥?Basically, I paid for two Holiday Inn hotel rooms for the same night with the same ownership despite the fact that my incorrect reservation was cancelled and changed by the management of the French Quarter Holiday Inn. From my experience I believe I was cheated by the we don't care management of the Chateau Lemoyne and I will never stay at this hotel or another Holiday Inn ever again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>robmm22
<Content>you get what you pay for The Chateau Lemoyne, for all intents and purposes, is a slightly glorified Holiday Inn. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it is something to keep in mind .I traveled with a group of 5 (each around 30 years old) from Dec 29, 2007 through Jan 2, 2008. It was my 2nd straight trip to New Orleans to celebrate the new year. Upon arrival, we all noted the unique exterior of the hotel. As has been noted elsewhere, the original architecture is mainly intact, and the building keeps it's 1800s charm from the street. The lobby is standard, but nice, and check in went smoothly. We noted that the elevators, while small, also seem to be from the 1800s. My room was on the 3rd floor, with a courtyard/pool view. It was of decent size, with it's king bed, and room for an overstuffed chair. However, the room was no different than a standard chain hotel. If you're looking for something more boutique, the hotel isn't for you.It turns out we got the 'middle of the road' room at the hotel. Our one friend was accidentally upgraded to a suite, which featured an exposed brick wall and flat screen tv. Our other friends were crammed into a room small enough to be considered European - room for the bed and not much more.The hotel does feature a nice courtyard, with a heated pool. Inside, the attached lobby bar seemed to stay empty. The hotel does serve breakfast, but not lunch or dinner. There is a New Orleans activity counter, where you can get information and book tours and trips on your stay.The Chateau Lemoyne is located in a decent area within the French Quarter. Between the 2nd and 3rd block, it is only a block removed from Bourbon street- yet quiet enough that street noise will not effect you. It's an easy walk anywhere within the quarter, although getting to Frenchman street is a bit of a hike. Still, as NYC-ers, we are used to long walks. The weather held out, and we were able to enjoy the quarter each day of our trip.Overall, the hotel, its simple amenities, and it's location are all fine and good. I had no major qualms about them. I guess my main issue with the hotel is it's client猫le that it attracts. It's no surprise that New Orleans is a party town, and NYE and the Sugar Bowl are party events. And as mentioned, all 5 of us staying at the hotel are NYC-ers between 29-31, so we were there for the party as well. HOWEVER - i'm guessing that mainly due to the hotel's moderately cheap prices, the hotel attracts a certain element - mainly, rowdy, loud drunks. On several occasions we dealt with drunks at all hours of the day, who seemed unable to control themselves. We had someone accidentally try to key into our room at 4:30am one morning, as the person was presumingly drunk and confused about his room number. Screaming down the halls was quite common. I stayed at a different, more 'upscale' hotel last NYE, and did not run into these problems. While I do not blame the hotel for the behavior of it's guests, you should keep this in mind when you book your trip.Overall, this hotel is what it is - good location, clean and simple enough, and a good bargain. Just expect some of the rowdiness of bourbon street to follow you to your room.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Frodonia
<Content>Good location - not expensive - maid service not so good... Very good location. Easy walking distance to French Quarter and Canal Street. Front desk and bellhops were terrific. Maid service was pretty lousy - bathrooms not cleaned and replenished. Towels not replenished with clean ones. Room 548 bathroom toilet paper holder is broken and falls out of the wall. Room rate was not expensive (Nov. 30 - Dec. 5) compared to other properties nearby.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KnutN
<Content>Thunderstorm did NOT spoil it!       KN  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Katct
<Content>Happy with this Holiday Inn PROS: Comfortable beds and requests were met promptly. Hotel staff was very friendly. Nice view if you have balcony room over pool. Close to everything yet far enough away to hear nothing. Great room for the price. Not at all like any Holiday Inn I have ever seen.CONS: No room service menu in room (they were pulled out after Katrina and never rewriiten)Very small bathrooms with no fan  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>wendigo
<Content>Good Value We stayed at the Holiday Inn Chateau Le Moyne for a weekend, Oct. 19-21. This was the weekend of the Auburn-LSU game, so New Orleans / the French Quarter was very busy. I booked my room directly through the hotel web site. I requested a balcony room with 2 double beds, which was honored by the hotel.This property is located in the French Quarter, at Dauphine and Conti streets. It is a block over from Bourbon Street and a block from Iberville. I thought it was a good location, although closer to the Canal end of the Quarter than I generally like (I prefer to be right in the middle somewhere). Still, it was very nice, easy to locate, and the staff were very welcoming and friendly. We got early check-in, around 1:30 p.m. instead of 4, with absolutely no problems.The lobby was clean and neat, although the furniture looked a little tired. Our room was also clean and neat, and the furnishings there looked recently updated. Nice decor in rich shades of gold, burgundy and green, with a French Quarter / Fleur de Lis type feel and design. The bathroom was nice, with marble countertop and a curved shower curtain rod for extra room. Water pressure was good and water was hot.As promised, our room had a balcony overlooking Dauphine; however, it was a shared balcony, with three rooms opening onto it. A few mornings this was kind of annoying, as people in the rooms next door would drag the heavy wrought iron chairs around, making a lot of racket. Some people also might worry about neighbors looking in through the French doors or trying to access the room, although we didn't have any problems like that or really worry about it. But, we didn't really even spend much time on the balcony. The view was of some buildings, and not all that interesting. I don't know that I'd pay the extra money for it next time. I had just always wanted to try the balcony-room thing in New Orleans! It was a nice option to have, but not crucial to a good stay.Parking is expensive, $28/day. Lucky for us, we had friends who were staying in a nearby condo and they had street parking available just outside their building, so we left the car there (we rode together). It was fine, no problems, and a good saving! I would probably look for parking either at a nearby private parking deck, which usually runs around $10-15/night, or look for street parking. Just be sure not to park illegally - they WILL boot your car or tow it. We had a resident at the friends' condo advise us about where we could park - she said her car was towed once for being too close to the stop sign.All in all, this was a very enjoyable stay for a very reasonable price. I liked that the property had a historic look and feel, yet was updated and modern too.Being closer to Iberville turned out to be convenient, as we found a bar on the corner of Iberville and Chartres to watch the game. If you need a good sports bar, try this place. It is called Jimani. I got the sense that this is more of a locals place. They had 4 wide-screen plasma TVs over the bar, and about 3 more TVs on walls across from the bar - and this is not a huge place! The bartender working the night of the game was super - very friendly and played along with all the sports fans, even though she was outnumbered by us out-of-towners rooting against her home team. :-)  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>xmasatthebeach
<Content>Good value, great location Great stay, rooms are nice  clean, nice Mardi Gra style decor, loved the terrace overlooking the street. Close to everything. Staff friendly......great cafe on the next coroner open 24 hours for that late night snack. Would give a higher rating if parking was not so expensive.......Will stay there again. Have stayed at other Holiday Inns in the area, and this was by far the best for the money.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dcb95sol
<Content>Great Location in FQ  Booked this hotel on Hotwire for $46/night. This was a tremendous value, even with the $28 per night parking (which I admit is high). I was happy to find parking however, because the day we checked in was the LSU-Tulane football game at the Superdome and the FQ was PACKED. The hotel is definitely not a typical Holiday Inn. It is an older property, but maintained very well. Location in French Quarter was fanastic. Room was great, pool area was really nice as you can see under candid traveler photos. The staff was super nice and very accommodating. We booked a room and requested a double instead of a king and the gentleman who checked us in bent over backwards to get us the room we wanted. All the staff was great!!! I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaseybc
<Content>Great little hotel! We stayed for four nights at the end of September and the hotel was perfect for our needs. Location is great - one block from Bourbon - but on Dauphine a quieter street - easy to get to wherever you want to go. We had a very nice sized double/double room with tall ceilings windows to the back stairs. You can take the back stairs straight down to the very nice pool where I cooled off every afternoon after a hot humid day of shopping, site seeing and hurricane drinking. Definitely not the ritz - but the price was great thru priceline. It is an older hotel - but has character. The elevator was a little bumpy - but no problems. A nice lobby area, good staff and very clean.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JetsetTX
<Content>Third time's a charm       Room 422  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TheKlute
<Content>Nice, but watchout for parking... Had a member of the group we went to NO with that was able to get rooms for $49/night. An awesome deal!!!Our king size bed and room was nice. We were in room 512 on the top floor on the corner with 3 windows.View was nothing great, but you did get the feeling of downtown, which was nice. Along with the views and corner came lots of street noise, not too bad as the A/C made a grinding noise all night...Room was in nice shape and furnishings were newer rather than older. For some odd reason, we didn't have a 'dust ruffle' on the bed???Watch out for the valet parking. It cost $28 per night and the car was damaged to the amount of $600 as someone put a nice dent in the fender of the rental car. It is clearly marked that the hotel is not responsible and any damage etc, so there was nothing that could be done! A real downer for a really good time. Most likely would not go back there and would prefer a high-rise type hotel if I returned.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>raofun
<Content>Great Location-VERY Expensive Parking! My wife and I have stayed here many times over the last couple of years and have learned a lot about the hotel. Please know that when you stay here it is a bit rustic/authentic old new orleans style which is really cool, but you are paying a lot less than the higher end hotels that are also in the french quarter.  We love staying here but recently the staff has changed and we noticed some differences. First the parking is very expensive. We checked in on Friday at 7:00 p.m. and checked out on Sunday at 10:00 a.m. and the cost was $28.00 per day plus taxes!!!  Next be careful about what room you are offered to stay in at the Chateau Lemoyne. Rooms with windows facing the streets that surround the hotel are very noisey, but can also be very beautiful. If you have ear plugs or loud stereo booming cars all night long don't bother you than this information is not important to you. If you need peace and quite, like me, then you need and INTERIOR room. Ask for one facing the pool or pool view just to make sure.  We really enjoy staying here but the parking should be free or $10.00 per day for guests of the hotel. There is no reason for overpriced parking for visitors of New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	4	3	

<Author>OtownTravelGirl
<Content>Great hotel! Great location close to Burbon Street and Canal Street. We got an awesome deal through Southwest Airlines and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>savoytruffle79
<Content>A French Quarter favorite       sitting area/den in one of the suites  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>lovemykinzie
<Content>This Hotel needs to be higher up in the ranking! This hotel deserves a higher ranking than 52! It's in a great location. Literally 1 block from Bourbon Street and 2-3 blocks from Canal Street. The rooms were clean and nice. The bed was comfortable. The lobby was clean. They have a nice but small pool with a few lounge chairs that was a great welcome from the hot sun. The pool was on the smaller side but not too small that you felt crowded in it. The front desk staff was wonderful and the concierge was helpful. The parking is very expensive....28 a day + tax. So beware if your drive there! You definitely do not need a car while you're there. Overall, this hotel was excellent and was in a great location!! I highly recommend and would stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AmsterdamSquirrel
<Content>Perfect location for Bourbon Street The location of this nice hotel is just 1 block from Bourbon Street, which is of course great! I liked the deco of the large hotel rooms that they have, but bathrooms are small. Breakfast is terrible! I booked a rate including breakfast, what I got was a cup of coffee, cheap orange juice and 1 danish pastry! This is not breakfast for me...  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>WMAMom
<Content>A Pretty Holiday Inn The location of the Chateau LeMoyne is good, not great, for a French Quarter hotel. It is on Dauphine, the outskirts of the Quarter. The rooms are Holiday Inn. The room service was rather poor. I am sure they are short on help, and I was in New Orleans to help via tourism so I didn't mind. Some people might. While the rugs were obviously vacuumed and the linens smelled clean the vents were full (FULL) of dust. Just a warning to someone who has allergies to dust mite.The pool was not kept clean. There was a piece of a sandwich in it the one night I was going to use it. (I stayed a week, but I couldn't forget the sandwich, so stayed away from the pool.) The courtyard in which the pool is situated is pleasant, not overly lush. Again, this is a Holiday Inn, expect it to be family friendly. It is.The concierge (both) on duty while I was there were exceptional. The lobby was clean and cool. The desk staff were friendly. If you can get a discounted rate on this hotel, and you know what to expect from the chain, you should give it a try. I think the problems with cleanliness were due to the staff shortage in a city that really needs your visit. If you are taken in by the name and the pictures on the web site that make it look elegant, you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>capecodmini
<Content>Very nice hotel Very nice hotel just a block off Bourbon Street.We stayed here on May 27, 2007Parking is a bit of a hassle when you are driving a POS van covered w/ about 500 rubber ducks and other junk but the valet was game and took care of our junker. I think he had fun dealing w/ the 40 or so BABE Rally bangers.Front desk staff were friendly and knowledgable. Actually, the front desk woman in the morning was almost too perky and awake for check out purposes when one is recovering from a Bourbon Street drunk.The security guard out front is a great guy. Spend a few minutes chatting w/ him to get some pointers on where to go and what blocks to avoid.Just a block north of Bourbon Street the location is ideal for staggering home in the wee hours.As a side note: We weren't in the market for their services but the street-walkers of New Orleans are some of the ugliest ever seen. On the other hand the trannys were some of the best looking ever seen. Go figure.Also beware of local drunk women who walk around showing you their pendulous bosoms. They try to steal your BABE Rally lanyards.All in all a nice hotel, good staff, safe area.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>trchaseKY
<Content>Second Jazz Fest stay at this hotel This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel during Jazz Fest. It is very conveniently located (just one block from Bourbon Street) and well maintained. The pool area is nice and the rooms are larger and nicer than many French Quarter hotels that I have stayed at. A bonus is the balcony rooms if you get one. Even though it is very close to Bourbon Street, it is also quiet late at night which is a bonus if you actually want to get some rest. The staff was helpful and friendly. It was also very safe since they have hired private security post Katrina.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>brfootcontessa
<Content>Very Satisfied So many hotels (and neighborhoods) to choose from, I wasn't quite sure where I wanted to stay. My daughter chose this hotel a month or two earlier, and was very pleased, so I decided to play it safe and follow suit. I was delighted that I did. The hotel is in a great location. Dauphine Street is especially pretty, and of course, walking distance to everything in the French Quarter. My room was clean and attractive with a lovely view of the courtyard and pool. Nothing extraordinary here, but the price is very fair, and there are no real downsides at all.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DivineI
<Content>Great stay in the French Quarter. Loved the Chateau! I am a little late in posting this review. My friends and I, a group of 25, stayed here for my boyfriend's 40th birthday which coincided with Mardi Gras. We had a wonderful experience. All guests were issued bright wristbands by the staff during the festivities. There was always a security guard or two posted at the door, checking the wristbands and insuring guest security. Breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel was lackluster. Ask the staff for directions to Petunia's, a little restaurant about three blocks away. Best breakfast in the quarter! The hotel is literally one block off Bourbon Street. The hotel itself is quiet, but the revelers in the quarter can sometimes spill toward the hotel. I expected this and brought earplugs, and slept very soundly. We found the staff to be exceptionally helpful, especially Sahara at the front desk. The room and bathroom were very clean. Lots of counter space in the bathroom. Plenty of clean towels. The housekeeping staff did a wonderful job, and were unobstrusive.Please visit Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop while you are in the French Quarter. It is the oldest bar in New Orleans, and a great place to get a feel for the quarter. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>garpts
<Content>Very Satisfied My brother and I stayed 4 nights for French Quarter Festival, April 12-16th. We booked on Travelocity, and I figure we paid about $110.00 per night (hard to tell for sure as it was a package deal). Cab ride is $28.00 for 2 people from the Airport and is fixed. We arrived around noon, but they let us check in as a room was ready even though check in was 4:00pm. Friendly front desk crew. We had a room with a private balcony on the street. The hotel is a highly renovated collection of town houses designed by Gallier back in the 1800's. The lobby and courtyard (with heated pool) are very nice and of that period. Our room was small with two double beds, but was enough for the time we spent there. Mostly we were on the balcony. Nice TV, has HBO and good variety of channels (and rental movies). Bathroom is adequate, good water pressure and water temp. A little mold on the grout, but nothing gross. The room itself had a leftover cigar smell, but we got used to it quickly and it didn't bother us. You could always ask for a room change if a smell bothers you. Beds were very comfortable, and linen's were clean and no smell. Maid service was fine, but didn't come until late afternoon usually. Soda machine has Coke for $1.00. Hotel has breakfast only, pricey but good. We usually did Cafe du Monde or Mena's for egg dishes. Good security, we never felt any lack of security anywhere in the Quarter, and we were out late a few nights. The crime problem has been overstated in the media, it's mostly drug related and is NOT in the touristy areas. Check out was easy, although they do not offer late check-out they will store your bags.The only negative was the vehicle noise in the morning, but the trade-off was the balcony so it was worth it.Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about the hotel or the city as I have been many times. I have some recommendations for some out of the way places for great food and music. Visit New Orleans, spend money, help rebuild!!!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>soontobeforty
<Content>Warm welcome at the Chateau Lemoyne We stayed at the Chateau Lemoyne April 9-11, 07. We were very pleased with our stay. The hotel is very convenently located walking distance to everything in the quarter yet far enough away to be quiet at night. The lobby and bar are nicely laid out and comfortable. The courtyard is beautiful. The ladies at the front desk were warm and welcoming and helpful. Our room was clean and roomy. Only complaint was that it overlooked the wall of the building next door. Having booked through Overstock the week before during a holiday time, we really got a decent deal. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>buff98216
<Content>Very Satisfied The hotel staff was very friendly, the room was clean, and the location was within a quick walk to everywhere we wanted to go. It's also very convenient to have your car valet parked right across the street. I paid $109 for a weeknight and $149 for a weekend night, so the post-Mardi-Gras-prices are very reasonable.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DSTEVE
<Content>Nice place, but noisy We've booked this room especially for the events on Mardi Gras day. Just something so my buddy who is from the area didn't need to drive home after the partying, and we had a decent place to go the rest room, which can be tricky in the Quarter.General appereance of the hotel was wonderful. Nice lobby, friendly staff (especially in the dining room), beautiful decorations and I just loved the courtyard with the pool. (Did I mention the superb location of the place? )This hotel looks a lot better than most Holiday Inn's, truly a remark.But then again, if you pay almost $ 260,-- for one night, it should be this way (even on Mardi Gras). There was only one remark; and if it wasn't that we found this out in the night (our only night here) we would have complained about it and asked for another room ~ our room was located right next to the elevator, and every single time somebody used that thing a very noisy elevator engine turned on (and some seconds later off), waking us up over and over. Unfortunately we didn't have the best night sleep because of this, even though the beds were very comfortable.Would I go here again? Yes, definitely, but I would not want to sleep next to the elevator anymore.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Standby4321
<Content>A Truly Unique Property for a U.S. Holiday Inn       The courtyard at the Chateau LeMoyne has a nice pool area and the water is kept at 87 degrees.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RangoonSM
<Content>Quiet, clean, safe and cheap Stayed in the Chateau LeMoyne from Christmas to the Friday before New Years. The weekday rate was $65 per night. The rates skyrocketed on Friday to well over a hundred, and over two hundred per night on Saturday and Sunday nights. The hotel was quiet and clean. It was renovated recently and didn't show any scars from Katrina. The staff was pleasant. One staff member (or contractor maybe) stands out. He generally sat at the concierge desk armed with a Glock sidearm. Otherwise he was most apparent in the morning during checkout. He positioned him self on the sidewalk to provide security for guests loading and unloading from their transport. When he wasn't providing overwatch, he was loading bags. Pleasant and friendly, but I wouldn't want to mess with him.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>nycconsultant
<Content>Hotel Theft I recently stayed at this hotel and had a miserable time. I frequently travel to New Orleans for business and on this trip was staying there with four other colleagues. When we returned to the hotel after an afternoon meeting, I discovered that everything had been removed from my room. When I approached the front desk, person working at the desk acknowledged that they had mistakenly checked me out and said they would retrieve my belongings from storage. I soon discovered that my coat, two antique maps that I had purchased that morning and my keys were missing. When I approached the front desk about this they told me that I could fill out a lost and found form but that there was nothing else that they could do. I ended up getting the police involved (the detective assigned to the case later called me to say how rude and uncooperative the hotel staff was). At that point I gave up on the local staff and called guest relations and spoke to an agent who told me that I would receive a call from the general manager the following morning and that they would either have my coat or provide me with funds for a new one (I was going on to London). The general manager never called and when I went to the front desk to inquire, I was sharply told that I could file a claim but good luck getting any money out of us. For the last ten days, I have been spending hours trying (to no avail) to get a response from the hotel and from Intercontinental. If this is not resolved in the next week, I intend to pursue legal action. Avoid this place at all costs!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Reited_Traveler
<Content>Great Quiet French Quarter Location I spent six nights at this hotel during Thanksgiving week/weekend. The hotel is conviently located one block from Bourbon Street. The hotel has an attractive lobby and is generally well-maintained. The hotel employees were friendly and helpful. The rooms are of a comfortable size and well maintained. The bathroom was but small and appeared to have been recently renovated. The heated pool is in an attractive inner courtyard. My room overlooked a small and attractive courtyard at the rear of the hotel. The room had two double beds, an easy chair, a table with two chairs and an entertainment center with three dresser drawers. The closet was large but very narrow with two slidng clothes holders. The room had one window which opened onto the previously described courtyard. The hotel provided a free wireless Internet connection which worked well. The hotel has no restaurant or room service which is somewhat of a negative. The bar adjacent to the lobby is attractive but not very busy. The hallways have low ceilings and are not particularly attractive. The two elevators are small but functional. The hotel was an exceptional value for the rate paid. My rate of $66.10 per night plus tax was obtained on the Holiday Inn Website.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ShayBro
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at this hotel when my female friends and I were having a Girls' Night Out. We chose this hotel due to its location (it was within walking distance to the French Quarter). The hotel lobby was nicely decorated, but the front desk staff was not as friendly as I have seen at other hotels. The rooms were also very dark, even with the 3 lamps and vanity lights on. The hotel bar was very comfortable and the bartender made very good white russians. I was a little upset when we were advised that the restaurant was only open for breakfast and lunch, but it's the French Quarter, there was bound to be close restaurants. When me and some of my friends decided to go grab an early morning meal, the valet could not tell us what was the closest restaurant to the hotel. Since I only needed a place to sleep for a few hours, the room was alright, however if you're going to be spending a lot of time at the hotel, I would suggest another place.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>dvdcrow
<Content>Loved the Chateau Lemoyne! This hotel is in a good, quiet location in the French Quarter. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The courtyard (and pool) are very nice, and there is a comfortable bar off the lobby. We had a king leisure non-smoking room, which was spacious and clean. We had no problems with maid service, or anything else. I don't understand some of the complaints posted on this site. This is not a five star hotel---it's a Holiday Inn! We stayed here over the Columbus Day weekend. We had excellent AAA rates, $119.00 on Friday and Saturday, and $101.00 on Sunday. If you want to enjoy the location and ambiance of the French Quarter in a historic building and at a reasonable price, I highly recommend this hotel. If you're looking for luxury, stay at the Windsor Court. We would definitely return to the Chateau Lemoyne.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spunkster
<Content>Great Stay! Enjoyed a great one night stay at this hotel located 1 block off Bourbon Street in the French Quarter. Check-in was a breeze with very friendly front desk staff. Room was ready upon check-in at 12 noon. Hotel room seemed to be recently remodeled and was very pleasant and large in size. There seemed to be much interest in customer satisfaction at this hotel. Valet Parking is $24 a day (ouch!). Had nice pool, although it needed to be cleaned and maintained better.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>axlrodman
<Content>Great place Just got back from the holiday inn. I spent 3 nights there with 9 guys(bachelor party). Hotel was great. It was quite, has a great bar and pool. One of the cheapest in the quarter($55 a night). New orleans was amazing!! All the bad press is a joke, we felt perfectly safe at all times!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>RueStPeter718
<Content>Huge turn-off... Let me first say I PLANNED to stay at this hotel. I'd booked AND prepaid for a visit for Mardi Gras 2007. As of this morning, however, I will no longer be staying at the Le Moyne.For most of my adult life, I have visited New Orleans 6 to 8 times a year, even after relocating from north FL to Chicago. Needless to say, cherished friendships and bonds have been formed in those years. I left the city just 11 days before Katrina, and have returned 5 times in the year since. New Orleans NEEDS folks to come back...spend some time in the Quarter, enjoy a meal in the Warehouse District. She is fighting: scratching, kicking, and screaming to come back.Having said this, it seems almost bizarre how the staff at the Le Moyne chose to deal with my husband and myself on a recent Sunday afternoon. We've never stayed with them, and are somewhat 'relearning' as we had for years stayed with friends at their BB in the Marigny. We decided to stroll over to the Le Moyne and asked, explaining that we already held a future reservation, if we might view a sample room--any room. Nope. No. Sorry, Charlie. No way, Jose. That was pretty much the extent of the courtesy and 'service' we were extended by the young lady at the front desk. We then, somewhat stunned, asked if we might step into the courtyard (appx 6 feet away, and in full view of the front desk via glassed french doors) and have a look-see. Before she would 'allow' us said entry, she beckoned the 'security' guard, who had been sitting and chatting with a friend near the pamphlet rack. She looked us over and approved our passage. Oh, my... I might add that during this time, folks were coming and going, regularly and freely. Had we done the same and not had the courtesy to ask, I sincerely doubt that either of these young ladies could have been bothered to even notice our presence.My husband and I are in our mid 40's, he a business executive and I a homemaker. I highly doubt we presented a threat to them, other than to be bothered to actually work. Given the needs that NO has right now for tourists to return, what a scary, scary message to convey!! I hope the Le Moyne will address the apathy and down right rudeness with which their front (aka 'first impression') staff are operating. As for us, we have rebooked at a different lodging establishment for our Feb. 07 visit.Please note, this was the first I've encountered such lack of grace (or common sense, really) during my return visits. Frankly, I don't give a rat's behind that I was 'dissed'. But it is how such treatment might be viewed by ones not as well acquainted--or comfortable--with the city.Finally, let me say once more: The City still has much to offer, and wants to see you back!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobR
<Content>Price reflects the quality Got a great deal to stay here through Yahoo which included free parking (a rarity in the French Quarter). As others have noted, the location is great -- one block off Bourbon and 2 blocks in from Canal. The free wireless internet was also a pleasant surprise. That being said, it is not a 4 or 5 star property, but you're not paying 4 or 5 star rates, so it's probably a fair value. The hotel is old, which it shows in some ways (wallpaper in the room is starting to peel, old fixtures, old elevators), but also adds some to its charms (high ceilings!). Very standard room of adequate size. Bed(s), desk, table, ottoman and bathroom. Iron and ironing board in the closet; have to ask to get a safe. Small pool for swimming and a lounge and restaurant in the hotel (which I didn't try). Have to get up at 7am to get a complimentary paper else they are gone. Can be noisy at times (mostly hotel noise such as the rumbling and vibrations of the air conditioner). Overall, staff was very pleasant and helpful. All in all, not too bad of a place to stay. Have stayed at other small hotels of similar value in the past (such as the Chateau Motor Lodge) and liked them somewhat better, but this hotel can be good if you don't go in with unrealistic expectations.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>suttonsbaymi
<Content>Great location My husband and I stayed at Chateau for the first time because the price was good and the location sounded great on a major travel website. Our experience with the hotel was far better than I could have anticipated before our stay. We ended up with a great balcony room, very clean, tastefully decorated. The location is phenomenal in proximity to just about everything in the quarter. The staff was very accomodating on the rare occasion that we even needed assistance. We loved this hotel so much, that we have stayed twice since then. We have not been there since Katrina, but have a trip booked for September. I had the opportunity to get a better rated hotel for the same price as Chateau this trip, but I wasn't even tempted to stay anywhere but here.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>purduemaggie
<Content>Great Location As other reviewers have said, the location is everything with this hotel. I stayed here for five days and four nights in May. The rooms were nice and clean. We had a balcony view that was great. The other guests were not audible; it was not a party atmosphere. We got in at about 4am every morning and had no problems sleeping until 10-11am. We did have a few problems: Our first room had one king instead of being a double, but the front desk was quick to switch us around. Then the a/c in our room leaked and flooded the entry way. It was a little upsetting that this took about 2 days to fix, but it is an old building. The staff at the front desk were helpful but nothing out of the ordinary. The breakfast buffet was nothing I would chose to do, but worked when we had to get up before noon. But the pool was very clean and provided a relaxing environment. The location was what made the hotel above average for me. A quick (drunken) walk from bourbon street, Acme Oyster is about 1 block away, as are many good restaurants. Location combined with the great government/military rate we were able to secure made the hotel. I would stay here again if the price was less than other similarly located hotels, but was not so impressed that I would pay extra to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hooten
<Content>Not bad, but nothing to write home about The location just a block from Bourbon Street is pretty good. The hotel had a $9.99 breakfast buffet and no other food service. The courtyard and blaconies were nice, but otherwise the hotel is very average and not worth the price. Beware if you plan to pay using a debit card- they have a strong policy against it.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jenniferann
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location Large rooms, extremely comfortable beds, beautiful coutyard with pool and very clean! Great location to get around the french quarter!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cajunyank
<Content>Not Even If Free We were the groom's parents at a wedding at the Chateau LeMoyne and had made reservations months ahead for ourselves and my wife's elderly mother and relatives from out of town. We had requested two connecting rooms each with two double beds and what we were greeted with were two rooms far apart and with King beds. We had no apologies from the staff and received no assistance. My wife and mother in law had to share a double room with relatives, other relatives we gave one of the Kings to, and I shared a room with my sister. I used a very uncomfortable rollaway bed and they had the gall to charge an extra $25 for. They had checked with the manager and the charge stayed. The staff definitely had an attitude. And the supposed discounted rooms for the wedding party were never discounted as initially I had checked on their site on the internet and found we were charged just as if we booked from anywhere. The air conditioning system did not work properly in any of the three rooms we were in. I wrote a letter to the General Manager detailing our experiences and 7 weeks later of course not even the courtesy of a response. I have stayed in 16 properties in the French Quarter and this by far is the worst. I would not stay there for a free room-I'd rather sleep curled up next to a Lucky Dog stand.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cindyrey
<Content>outstanding price location awesome!!!!! We arrived in NO for a two day holiday and we were greeted with a very warm welcome at CHATEAU LEMOYNE. The front desk upgraded us to a suite because it hadn't been booked. They had a free cocktail reception in the lounge. Our room was beautiful, everything was clean. We had a balcony over the courtyard. Netya at the front desk was soooo sweet. we will stay here everytime we visit!!!!!!!! The location is the best!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel I am a Travel Agent and I have stayed at lot of hotel around the world.I find the Holiday Inn New Orleans -Chateau lemoyne very nice and charming. Everything is within walking distance of the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful..in choosing tours ect...the hotel rooms are small and the beds are like a full double bed..Love the down bedding...I would stay at this hotel again..  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>missnola
<Content>Cheaper Alternative to Bourbon! My husband and I stayed at the LeMoyne after my first choice of Hotel Provincial wasn't available. We had stayed at the LeMoyne's sister hotel Holiday Inn French Quarter on Iberville about 4 years ago with accumulated hotel points. The H.I. FQ was a typical Holiday Inn, mostly clean, average staff, good location. I did not want to stay there again, I wanted somewhere nicer. I thought that LeMoyne was the answer, to a certain degree it was. I do have to say, the front desk recept Eriska was awesome. After we checked into our deluxe King Room, and found it to be a very nice room, but claustrophobically mini-me sized, she switched us over to a much bigger, less deluxe double bed balcony room. Eriska was very accomodating checking into other suites and rooms for us at 10pm at night, she was a treat to talk with. The lobby is luxurious, generally the rooms are not. But face it you're not in NOLA for the rooms. Our room was tidy and clean but worn in a not so New Orleans way. A huge hole in the ceiling to prohibit our balcony door from locking, toilet paper holder falling out of the wall eveytime you reached for the roll, and the internet access was not working. The bathroom had some minor flaws like hairs of unknown origin, not many mind you just enough to make you looking the whole bathroom for more. Shower was good and hot and powerful. Housekeeping was a little stingy on room supplies, so definitely ask for towels! The hotel's location was a giant plus, a block from Bourbon, 3 from Canal. Valet parking was a plus( the secure lot was across from the hotel), but you can also valet park 1 block down for $6 less a night. Our balcony room overlooked Bienville, and was great except for Friday nite, when all the freaks in their boom boom cars cruised by until about 5am. If i would ever stay here again, I'd ask for an interior facing room/balcony. I have stayed at nicer hotels in FQ for the same amount of $$. This hotel was adequate, and I would stay here again for the free hotel point nights, or if my favorite hotel was booked. I hope this helps, any questions, please ask me!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place I had read some of the negative reviews on this hotel, but I was attending a conference there, and decided to judge for myself. Boy am I glad I did. This was a great little hotel. The location is perfect, the staff was attentative, and my sleeping room was a nice size with one of the most comfortable beds I've encountered in a hotel. The conference room we were in was large and very nicely prepared by the staff. I have nothing negative to say! I travel a lot, and always check tripadvisor for the city/hotel I'll be staying in. I do not understand why some reviewers insist on comparing 3 star hotels to 5 star hotels. This was just a great hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>John_of_GA
<Content>Not up to its Potential We stayed at the Chateau LeMoyne the weekend after Mardi Gras. The hotel has an EXCELLENT location on quiet Dauphine Street one block from bustling Bourbon. There is no Holiday Inn sign so if you're driving fast at night you'll miss it. A garage 1/2 block toward Canal was cheaper than the hotel parking lot. The front desk is nice and there is a beautiful courtyard with a swimming pool (closed for the season). Rooms are large for the French Quarter. The beds have new linens and down comforters. Our room had a French window opening onto Iberville Street which was nice. On the downside, the bathroom looked as if it had not been refurbished since the 70's. The shower/tub did not drain and maintenance had to work on it for 15 minutes with a snake to fix it. One elevator was out of order the whole time we were there. Housekeeping was minimal; I don't think the maid did anything to the bathroom except change the towels. There were water marks on the ceiling. Management is obviously living on the LeMoyne's stellar location because it really needs some TLC to turn it into a first class hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DTimberLD
<Content>Chateau Lemoyne - mediocre! My husband and I stayed at this Holiday Inn, February 2005, for two nights using our Priority Club points. We figured, hey, it's free. How bad could it be? Well, we found it bad. After the first night, my husband referred to it as Priority Club Punishment as opposed to Priority Club Rewards. The location is good and the lobby is small but acceptable. Our room, however, was tiny, with one tiny window directly above a balcony being used by a bunch of college students. They had promised us an upgrade since we were using our points, but it seemed as though we must have gotten one of the least desirable rooms. When we requested a move (in the afternoon), we were told they were completely sold out and we couldn't move. Worse yet, the beds were so uncomfortable - sagging mattresses, sheets felt like sandpaper. To top it off, the tissue box was never replenished, some of the lightbulbs were burned out, and the towels were scratchy and stained. They claim to have a hospitality guarantee whereby guests do not pay for the part of their stay they were not happy with - well, we were pretty unhappy and none of it was resolved. Luckily, the third night (when we were paying with money, not with points) we moved over to the Ritz Carlton. Whew - just be sure you never stay at a Holiday Inn AFTER the Ritz. You'd be too depressed. Now that one was FAB! (And, only $40 more per night than the Chateau Lemoyne!)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again for a penny Stayed here Presidents Day weekend 2005. The hotel was dirty, the towels had other people's hair on them, and the lobby bathroom was cleaner than our room bathroom. We never got new towels...called 3 times and finally had to steal them off of the housekeeper's cart every morning. In fact, the housekeeper used our toilet and forgot to flush. The staff was rude from the front desk to the housekeepers. The one positive aspect was our room was ready at noon to check-in. Would never stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CH. Lemoyne was great for us Face it, New Orleans hotels are very expensive (except during the VERY hot months). I wouldn't normally pay $190 for a Holiday Inn, but on a weekend in NOLA there's very little even at that price. So, over-priced by other locations, but it was clean, the room was a very good size, the bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom functional. Not luxury, but walking distance to the action without being in the midst of the noise. Friendly, brought extra towels, good housekeeping etc. Worth staying at.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nani.md
<Content>Good Chateau Pretty good hotel for the price. Great location (one block from Bourbon St.), good sized room, and clean. Staff was helpful but a little distracted.Would stay again, but would like to try other hotels first.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay I have stayed at this Holiday Inn twice. I would recommend it highly. This is not your average Holiday Inn. It is well located in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BARBENDEN
<Content>Loved this hotel We had a wonderful time in New Orleans. The hotel room was beautiful and the location is in walking distance to everything. We did have a slight problem with parking. The hotel's garage was full at check in time but they referred us to a public parking garage at the corner which was an easy walk and we saved $2. a day by parking there as opposed to the hotel garage. The staff at the hotel was friendly and accomodating to us with all our needs. The room was clean and quiet. The pool area is very nice. The breakfast buffet was immediately replenished with fresh hot food when necessary. One other problem we did have was the hotel would not honor our hotel room coupon because we had pre-booked our room and the coupon did not state that pre-booked rooms were not honored with the coupon. So we did lose on that deal. Overall it was a great place to stay and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the New Orleans experience My wife and I travelled to New Orleans as part of our honeymoon itinerary in April 2004 and stayed at the Chateau Lemoyne. When we arrived we were both exhausted after our herculion journey from Las Vegas. I think the hotel lobby staff may have sensed this because we had no problem in getting into our room even though it was relatively early. We found the rooms to be small and for a honeymoon couple to share a small double bed is not the most comfortable. What is it with hotels supplying two double beds in a room!!Anyway, our experience was enriched by the service of the lady behind the tour counter who helped us with booking tours and providing breakfast and dinner recommendations. The food at the restaurant we went to for breakfast was superb, if only I could remember the name of the place.Overall we had a great time in New Orleans and would recommend the Chateau Lemoyne to others.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ljr88888
<Content>Nice small hotel Stayed here for a conference the last week of June 2004. Nice hotel, very attractive courtyard with pool. The pool was warm. Buffet breakfast was good - certainly plenty to eat. I had free coupons but I believe it is normally $10.95. Restaurant is only open for breakfast, but there are many eating places in the area. Front desk was slow and bill was confusing. They have a travel desk with information on local tours, maps, etc. Only drawback was I couldn't open the window in the room and I prefer fresh air to air conditioning. I suppose most visitors to New Orleans prefer the A/C. My friend had a room with a balcony overlooking Rue Dauphine, which was nice. Conference meeting rooms were too cold (like most hotels!). Great location - only a block from Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, but with some faults   showReview(2207253, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thebabs
<Content>Perfectly satisfied   showReview(2155388, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unhappy experience   showReview(2132804, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>trinakaye7
<Content>Walk On By   showReview(1867838, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to Stay   showReview(1769067, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spparkgrls
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1640019, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would we stay again?   showReview(1370693, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unhappy with the Chateau LeMoyne   showReview(1151271, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked it a lot   showReview(1031444, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not your average Holiday Inn   showReview(837593, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfloresv
<Content>Buen Hotel   showReview(8439165, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

