<Author>twinklec28
<Content>Pefect location for first trip to Paris       Hotel Room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>flysalot
<Content>A Parisian Gem Having seen the hotel on Samantha Brown's show, we could not resist trying it. And SO glad we did. Check in was flawless and actually got a lovely upgraded room. Hotel is in process of refurbishing but minimal disturbance from same. Staff convivial, could not do enough to help, charming atmosphere and the location and view of the Arch from this area is breathlessly wonderful. Our room and bathroom were quite large, and fanciful decoration that emphasizes that one is on vacation not at home or going to a doctors office. There were a few electrical tweaks which were quickly attended to. The breakfast is small but obviously convenient so one can weigh the importance of this meal by personal needs. We were able to obtain a very good rate for this property and had no problem with the hotel honoring the internet price. Our experience was wonderful in every respect except that it was too short!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lindsey381
<Content>a little dissapointed We were a bit dissapointed in this hotel. The website is a little misleading with the pictures of the grand rooms with luxurious looking amenities. The hotel lobby area and bar are okay, but then getting to your room is a little bit of a different story. The rooms look like a much watered-down version of what was on the website. Small and cramped with very old (I can appreciate antiques, but this furniture wasn't) furniture and bedding. Our bathroom had been remodeled, but the shower still didn't work properly and it took about 1 hour to fill the bathtub. The breakfast was good but not worth the money and the staff were okay, not overly freindly by any means. The bright spot with this hotel was the location, right near the corner of the Champs Elysees and the Arch De Triumph. Overall we were diappointed in our stay here, will defnitely go elsewhere next time we are in Paris.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>EssonAthens
<Content>A great choice We visited Paris at the end of November, to spend 4 days in the city of light. Having read several reports, I knew roughly what to expect from hotels in that city although it has been our first visit to France.Luckily we have picked the Napoleon for our stay, due to encouraging reports on this site and an interesting offer on the hotel's website. We were very happy with the hotel and here are a few reasons why :1.Location: Without a doubt the hotel's biggest asset is its location, being a few minutes walk from the Charles de Gaulle-Etoile metro station, the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe, the hotel is in a safe and elegant part of the city, close to shops and (through the metro) close to all major Paris attractions. If you feel like walking instead you will find that there are wonderful walks down to the Eiffel Tower (should be less than 20mins), through the 16th arrondissement, one of the posh areas in Paris. As a matter of fact, other sites are also within walking distance down the spectacular Champs Elysees (weather and physical condition permitting).Please note that Avenue Friedland can get busy on weekdays and some traffic noise is heard even when windows are closed. For me this was not an issue and I like the idea of being close to the heart of the city. Do not take me wrong, the noise is not loud enough to keep you awake in the night or wake you up early on a busy morning, but it was somehow noticeable when the room was very quiet. This may be a problem for some but it shouldn't be for most people.2.Room: Well OK, our standard room (4th floor facing Av.Friedland) seemed a little small, although bigger than what I initially expected when reading that this is normally the case in Paris. In any case it was very stylish with books, paintings and very romantic lighting, and it gave us the feeling we're at home rather than in a hotel a few thousand miles from it. The room was practical with decent room for our personal items, a very nice flat sat-TV and (what was more important during our stay) a very effective heating system. It provided all we needed in a very unique package, unlike many hotels that look more or less the same.3.Bathroom:You cannot expect a big bathroom in a relatively small room right? Nevertheless, although the hotel aims to create a 18th-19th century atmosphere, the bathroom was very modern and adequate in size (which for me is good, since that its a place where advances in technology are more than welcome). We did have a minor problem with the drain when we first arrived but notified the staff and it has been fixed in no time.4.Service: The feeling that I was at home rather than in a hotel was enhanced by the level of service. You could never see them, or hear them, but the room was always in a perfect condition. Our privacy had always been respected and for me this is one of my main concerns when traveling. Check in/out took less than 5 minutes and although my French is, well ..understandable to say the least, even when I was using English I had no problem with the reception staff.5.Breakfast: The warm and stylish atmosphere of the Napoleon can also be found in the Cafe Bivouac, which is essentially the place where breakfast is served, but also a nice cafe/bar or restaurant in the evenings. Breakfast is a little pricey yes, and some could argue that there is not a huge variety. I say that for its size the hotel offers a great choice of high quality food served at a very elegant place. I am not a great fan of huge buffets, still I cannot think of anything the average person would desire which was not offered in the Napoleon.Overall, I have no experience from other hotels in Paris, but I have had experience from several hotels around the world. The Napoleon is small, friendly and very stylish. It is ideally located, offers multilingual service, it is clean, quiet and the food (at least the breakfast I tried) is excellent. I cannot think of any reason why I should want to try a different hotel in that city and yes, if I return to Paris, I will try to book in the Napoleon again. I have recommended it to my friends and definitely I do recommend it to any potential visitor of that amazing city.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The-Mystic-Bunnies
<Content>Even Napoleon would have liked it... Flew from LA - Paris on Air France. Air France lost 1/3 of our luggage. Wasn't too pleased with the entire Air France experience. That being said, a 50 euro taxi ride (40 minutes) to Napoloen from the airport.The front desk and concierge staff were all very pleasant and helpful. All spoke fluent English; however, we always try to speak the local language, which I think in France, in particular, helps. We met very kind and helpful French people everywhere and only had two what I would call over-the-top-unwarranted 'unfriendly' experiences, one with the ticket lady at the Arc De Triomphe and one with the visitor center guards at the Normandy cemetary (which really, really PMO)...we were the only ones at the cemetary and they treated us like terrorists...way over the top bag searches, rudeness, remove your jackets, etc., etc..these guards are French and paid by the US cemetary services or something. I know security is a concern, but they were extremely rude, one of them in particular. And believe me, it was unprovoked. Oh well, enough of that.The hotel was very charming and clean. We had a Junior suite which was very big for European standards...huge king bed, fold out sofa, desk, coffee table, entry-way and large, two-sink bathroom. There were places where the paint was peeling off around the room; they could make a pass through with a fresh coat of paint and maybe a carpet refresh. So, although nice, don't expect a Four seasons or Ritz experience. But again, don't let this sway your opinion - very nice place. We had a great view of Avenue de Friedland and about 1/2 of the Arc de Triomphe. The kid stayed in her own 'standard' room which was also very nice, with a 'garden view' - not really a garden, though - but more of a courtyard/patio. Breakfast was very nice, and convenient....I would opt for this since there is not much open early in the morning on the Champs de Lysee except a french version of a fast food pastry place, and yes, a McDonalds.As far as the hotel location - only a stone's throw from the Arc. Very quiet in the room with windows closed, which we had closed since it was freezing outside. Heat worked great. Room service very good. Very easy acces to subway/metro. Don't be intimidated by the metro - very easy to get around, and much less expensive than a taxi. For instance, it will cost 1.8 euro to get to Monmarte by metro and about 20 for a taxi (with no traffic).You could walk to the Louvre from the hotel, down the Champ de Lysee, but it will take probably an hour. By metro, only a 10 minute ride.We did a minibus tour through Viator for Normandy, Point du Hoc and Juno beach ( I recommend) as well as a Seine dinner cruise, Louvre tour and bicycle tour of Versailles. We've had really good luck with Viator all over Europe. They can arrange cattle-call tourist tours or private tours, too. On the metro, we visited Monmarte, Notre Dame, Eiffel tower and a few other places. There were no lines to speak of anywhere, since it was so cold and 'the low season'. We prefer this though, since I can't imagine the-packed-like-sardines elevator ride up the eiffel in 100-degree summer heat. Several restaurants up and down the Champs by the hotel, but I'd recommend venturing up and down the side streets to pick your place to eat. As always, I'm sure many of you know - wait until the airport to use your ATM/debit for cash. Don't use those cash-exchange services ('rip-off') If you are asked if you want your credit card charged dollars or euros, pick euros...as this will be much less expensive when your CC company does the conversion. There is no 'Arc De Triomphe' exit on the metro - you get off at the Charles De Gaulle exit for the Napoleon. Buy a metro pass, try the metro and don't be afraid - very easy.Anyway, Napoleon was very nice with a very nice staff....and very fairly priced. You won't be disappointed... Our neighbor recommended the Hotel Regina, which was right next to the Louvre, that looked nice too. Paris is a very, very beautiful city - dare we say the most beautiful we've seen in the world - and you'd need a month to see only part of it.And, finally, God Bless all the US, Canadian and Brit soldiers that are buried around Normandy - 9000 US at the main cemetary, but there is also a Canadian cemetary with 2300 dead not to far from Normandy that we never know about. Hard to keep back the tears when you stand in the middle of all that.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>IanFraser
<Content>The Napoleon is a great hotel Great hotel brilliantly located! Situated just next to the Arc De Troimphe and Champs Elysee this hotel is a great base for any tourist to Paris. Staff are friendly, breakfasts are sumptuous and rooms are comfortable...just a little small...but then again, it's Paris and no hotel rooms are big! We enjoyed our 3 night stay and staff were always ready to lend a hand wherever possible. It's right next to the metro and is really in a great location! Restaurants in the area are pricy but offer a great variety! We enjoyed our stay tremendously and wouldn't hesitate to go back!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JPandT
<Content>Good hotel in an excellent location. We stayed at the hotel with our teenage son and was delighted to find that the suite was very spacious (two rooms separated by sliding doors) with a good sized bathroom and in a quiet location. The reception staff were very friendly on arrival and generally we found all the staff during our stay were attentive. Breakfast was a little pricey but chosen for convenience.The other big plus of the hotel is its location near the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysee as well as its close proximity to the metro station (Charles De Gaulle) which was very welcome after a long day sightseeing. I felt this was an excellent choice for us as first time visitors to the City.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariagreece
<Content>COMPLETE RELAXATION, GREAT LOCATION !       room 602  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NeSuedois
<Content>My absolute favorite place to stay in Paris My absolute favorite place to stay in Paris. I have been to the City of Lights more than 100 times over the past 30+ years so I know what I am talking about. Have stayed at many different hotels over the years until I found Hotel Napoleon five or six years ago--and since then it has been my home when in Paris. Great location, nice rooms ( I typically stay in a Junior suite, although frequently that is a no-charge upgrade). I must say though that the Errol Flynn suite is about as good as it gets--stayed there once!! The people working at the hotel are extremely helpful, very professional and will do anything to make your stay a memorable event. The bar is a nice place to have a drink or a late eveing meal and again the service is top class.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeijingWsch
<Content>Great place to be ! Wonderful, unpretentious and helpful staff. Beautifully decorated rooms which are larger than average for Paris, and of course the fantastic location. Try to get a room on the 6th floor with a view of the Eiffel Tower and L'Arc de Triumph. Honestly, one of the best places we've stayed in Paris, at a reasonable price.Even our two teenage kids were impressed !Don't change please !  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>GoGators21
<Content>Extraordinary Service and Amenities!!!! We had the most AMAZING experience at Hotel Napoleon! From the time we were greeted at the entrance on Sunday morning to the time we left Wednesday afternoon, we were thoroughly impressed. My wife and I stayed at Hotel Napoleon for 3 nights during the first half of a Paris/London vacation. When we arrived, the front desk immediately wished my wife a very happy birthday and offered us a complimentary upgrade from a Classic room to a Junior Suite.The Junior Suite, located on the fifth floor, was like our own little Parisian apartment, complete with a separate living area, king sized bed, and a beautiful and spacious bathroom (a rare find in Paris!). The suite had two full-length glass windows that opened up to Avenue de Friedland and also provided a view of the Eiffel Tower in the distance (which was quite beautiful to look at from our balcony as it sparkled during the night. The interior of the room was very clean, and the service was top-notch. The location is perfect for anyone experiencing Paris for the first time. Just steps away from the Arc de Triumphe and the Champs Elysees, and only about 100 yards from a well-connected Metro station.The only downside was that the hotel was so nice, it was a struggle trying to get my wife to leave the room! =)  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>phungary
<Content>Great location, nice hotel, so-so service The hotel has great location, Rooms are too small for the price, beds, as well. The staff is kind and helpful.The hotel does not respect the policy of the booking system, and they charge your card even if they are not supposed to.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>Alex789
<Content>Good Great room, very nice decor, very french. I got a great price on the hotel web page.(special)......The only problem construction going on, so forget about naping in the afternoon, the noices from 9am to 5pm were LOUD. Hotels in old buildings have the same problems, continuous renovations so check before you book. expensive breakfast. Excellent location but pricy  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MidlothianVAFamily
<Content>Hotel Napoleon Was Great       Hotel Napoleon  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>eppingjetta
<Content>Amazing Hotel Experience!!! We arrived early for our stay, to find our room already ready. The bellhop took our bags to the room while we checked in, and then showed us the room. Fantastic. Our room looked exactly like it did on the website. Every detail was as French as two honeymooning tourists could ask for. The bellhop showed us how to operate the shower, the safe, and the lights. He even grabbed a bunch of literature about the what the hot attractions in Paris are and what events were happening, all in english. The room service was fast and the food was great! We had room service several times, and although the price was high, the quality of the food was by far the best we had the whole trip. I highly recommend ordering entrees from the room service menu(the lamb was the best I've ever had!) And the desserts were small, but to die for. The bar even stayed open late one night for us and let us order drinks after they were closed. We graciously tipped the bar tender, who made us feel like we were the most important people in the world.  The staff was extremely helpful. Every day they cleaned the room for us, and at night(if we were out), would come in and turn down the bed, leaving mints for us and closing the curtains. The whole staff spoke great english, and didn't mind us when we attempted to speak mutilated french. They mailed letters and post cards for us, and were happy to give us directions, addresses, and travel advice for anywhere in the city. The room itself had a great view of the Arc and the surrounding streets, a small balcony as promised, and one of the nicest little bathroom we've ever had in a hotel. The hot water lasted forever, and the tub was just big enough for two comfortably and there were new clean towels everyday. The hotel also sits right on a major subway station, Charles De Gaulle Etoile. From there you can access almost any subway in Paris and get wherever you want to go in only a few stops. I loved this hotel, and I highly recommend it. I could have stayed forever and was sad to have to leave. Hotel Napoleon surpassed all expectations and I would be honored to stay in the future.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovelyParis
<Content>loved the Napoleon In a world full of hotels which are becoming more and more like railway stations : cold,impersonal and devoid of personality ; what a joy to find a  home away from home  hotel ! The  Napoleon  , situated almost at the foot of the Arc-de-Triomphe,in the exclusive VIIIeme arrondissement is a warm , elegant and beautifully furnished hotel . It has the charm and lovely taste of a French home . The staff , from bellboys to receptionists and from waiters to chambermaids are without exception friendly smiling and very helpful . We appreciated being walking distance from all the boutiques , shops and even the Eiffel Tower ! My family and myself thoroughly enjoyed all our stays at the  Napoleon  and are looking forward to our next stay there !  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaddisonSydney
<Content>Great Location We have just returned from 5 days at The Hotel Napoleon.The hotel was typical parisian style in a great location close to The Champs Elysee. The concierge and front hotel staff were very attentive and helpful as was breakfast and room servicestaff. Our room was large with a very comfortable king size bed, small flat screen TV (too small to be viewed from bed) lounge area, excellent bathroom with separate toilet. We had a great view of The Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe. The only down side of the room was that it looked a little tired and could do with updating e.g. (wallpaper and soft furnishings).We had stayed previously in the Saint Germein area and thoroughly enjoyed this locations proximity to Champs Elysee and all its activity day and night.We would definitely stay there again.Sharon and Max DavisSydney, Australia  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>aziz2008
<Content>Nice hotel ...Nice staff 2nd time in Paris. Excellent location neare the famous street.the staff was very helpfull.the negative comments :the coredors was very narrow but this was not obstacle.bathroom : there was a leak and the floor was floded but the staff fixed it immediately and this is approve that they are care with their customeres.the near building was under repair.as a general I recomend this hotel to be as a one of paris options.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Chris0274
<Content>nice stay...great location       beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moorishidol
<Content>Great Location -Fantastic Views This was booked for my 30th Birthday and was a brilliant suprise! You really can't fault the location, a stones throw from the Arc De Triomph, and the hotel is on the road directly behind the Champs Elysee.The view from the balcony of the room - A panoramic View Room, was one of the best in Paris, a view of the Eiffel Tower, which was amazing to see at night when the tower is all lit up. So easy to catch the red open top tourist bus from the top of the Champ Elysee opposite the Arc, and jump on and off to explore Paris. There is also a metro station just over the road from the bus stop so transport is a great plus when staying at this hotel. But you do have more than a couple of Paris's attractions on your doorstep if you stay at this hotel, I would recommend walking down the Champs Elysee and having a wander around first, its not far from the Eiffel Tower, or the Siene. Perfectly do-able after dinner at the Eiffel Tower and a leisurely walk back stopping in a few cafes for a glass of wine or ten!The service in the hotel was of a high standard, and when you walk it it certainly give you the feel of being in Paris. It had all the decor of being in an elegant french hotel - and was exactly that!The room itself was huge, with a massive bed and a sofa, mini bar, desk and flat screen tv. There was a table and chairs on the balcony to admire the view. There was ample wardrobe space and a safe for valuables.The bathroom was large - but a little quirky - the shower didn't reach far enough over the batch to wash with ease - but you can sit on the edge of the batch against the wall and have a rest while you shower! It certainly didn't put me off, it just added to the charm. There was a hairdryer in the bathroom and slippers and robes, all little extra touches to make you feel comfortable, inlcuding the chocolates on your pillow.All aspects of the hotel were spotless, and I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are treating a loved one, or for a really romantic weekend break or as a special birthday present.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mckees
<Content>great hotel 2nd time in Paris. This is a great location...walk to many locations..public transit easy...lovely hotel...old world charm modernized with taste..room was big with pullout for our teen(which was the best pullout we have ever had in a hotel) and we had 2 sets of windows with lots of light and view of the street with beautiful window boxes of flowers...breakfast was superb and the music they played was fabulous..mix of old and new...staff was accommodating..business center was not working but front desk offered their own computer...would recommend to anyone..  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mandy007
<Content>Excellent find in the heart of Paris We have been to Paris at least 5 times only staying on the left bank in the past. This time we tried the Champs Elysees area. We would definitely return to this hotel. We had a senior suite on the 4th floor (room 405-406). It was a beautiful large room with a seating area (pull out couch for the kids), a partition, and a large king bed. The flat screen tv swivelled so you could watch it from either room. The beds were comfortable and the decor in both the room and throughout the hotel was amazing. We paid 372 euros per night and thought it was an excellent value as the room was very large by Paris standards. There was a large walk in closet and the bathroom had a separate bath, shower and toilet closet. The finishings throughout including the chandeliers were very Parisienne and chic. The location was a stone's throw from the Arc, top shops, short metro ride to Galleries Lafayette, Louvre, Eiffel Tower. Staff were friendly and the room service although not a huge menu was extremely tasty. We had pizza, penne bolognaise and croque monsieur one night. There was a turn down service each night with different sweets each night, bath robes in the room and replacement of soaps, shampoo and lotions each day. We will definitely stay at Hotel Napoleon again! It is a great find, beautiful, and perfect location.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ozee
<Content>Do not miss the experience The location is perfect (few meters away from the famous Arc de Triomphe and the Avenue des Champs Elysees and the entrance of the famous Charles Du Goules underground station). Staff were very friendly, room spacious and all rennovated with excellent toilets and showers. LCD tv's, excellent decoration, two elevators, high ceiling (the highest in Paris I guess). Overall experience: The best hotel I ever visited in Paris (I have been to paris more than 20 times in the past 10 years).Do not miss the experience.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichelleLovesTrvling
<Content>Wonderful hotel!Great Location.       View from our balcony  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>VTI
<Content>Fantastic location My first choice was Hotel frontenac but my travel agent advised me this hotel. Very tasty french breakfast, small but clean and handy room (I stayed in a standart room) . 1 mn to champs elysees, .5 mn to metro station. Crew is smiling to you all the time, hard to find in france... I recommend this Hotel...  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>MrandDrJ
<Content>Luxurious stay This hotel was superb, and we had a lovely stay. Especially impressed with the price we paid through Expedia, as I have had indifferent experiences in Paris hotels for the same sort of money in the past.I was amused to read other reviewers' comments on this hotel, especially from those who simply equate quality with size ... the rooms are not enormous but by Paris standards they are more than generous, certainly more than big enough for my friend and I to feel comfortable in our twin room.Everything was spotlessly clean, and the beds superbly comfortable. Magazines in English had been left in our room prior to our stay. The desk staff were helpful and spoke good English.The breakfast is expensive, but we were allowed a discount for one breakfast so took breakfast there once, which was excellent .. the other two mornings there was no problem finding a cafe, although if you're doing the same, I'd advise that you avoid the cafe nearly opposite which was expensive for poor-quality pastries, and head on to the Champs Elysees instead.The very best thing about this hotel is its location: two minutes from the metro at the Arc de Triomphe, I have never stayed so centrally in Paris and it was marvellous. My only word of warning: we decided to treat ourselves to a taxi back to Charles de Galle airport and asked the front desk to book it for us, which they happily did. However, I luckily checked with them what the price would be, and was calmly informed around 120 euros!!!! Needless to say, we cancelled ... a taxi to the airport isn't cheap from central Paris but it shouldn't cost that. In reality, the journey by RER railway from just nearby is easy and quick.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tocotos
<Content>A good central Hotel in Paris A good central H么tel near the Champs Elys茅e. Taste the atmosphere of an old style Hotel with plenty of pictures about Napoleon.The service is good. Rooms have enough place, some of them are very large with an impressive taste of Napoleonian style.Bathrooms are from correct to very good depending on the room.Restaurant at the Hotel is fine, good cooking during the week for lunch but only room service level during the week-end.I have chosen this hotel for my stays in Paris and can recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>adista
<Content>a real palace in the heart i of Paris Our stay at the outstanding suite room 603 was perfect. This is the right adress for a top quality stay in the heart of PARIS just off Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomph. The hotel offers a unique and true palace experience stay - the staff is outstandingly nice and professional. Breakfast was awesome- and sitting close to the window overlooking a nice patio with a small garden downstairs was truly rewarding.I would rate it 5 stars and rates are reasonable taking into consideration the ample size of the rooms, the atmosphere' quality of service and the unique PARIS EXPERIENCE' not offered by any peer top class- mass hotel.Ruth and Adi Sternberg  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GJR2008
<Content>Loved the Hotel Napoleon - Old world charm with modern amenities The Hotel Napoleon was everything you think it might be when you look at the web site, and if you like spending time in the hotel, you will love the Napleon. It was in a beautiful neighborhood and steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the metro. We booked a Deluxe Panoramic Room on the Napoleon web site (the best rate we could find at the time). It was very expensive (310 Euro per night), but in the end we felt like it was worth it, especially if you don't think you'll get to Paris again. There were no surprises with the rate and no hidden fees; however, nothing else was included in the rate.....no breakfast, no internet (we paid 19.99 Euro per 24 hours, but the connection worked very well). The hotel lobby, hallways and room were beautiful....just what you'd want in Paris. We had a corner room on the 5th floor and could see the top of the Eiffel Tower and the Arc (at an angle) from our room. The room was very spacious and felt like a little apartment because it had a small foyer when you walked in and opened up to a sitting area with a desk near the king sized bed and a large armoire. The room was furnished with old world charm, but the bathroom was moden, spacious with double sink, had a great hair dryer and plenty of room to unpack to make you feel at home. The only complaint would be that the glass shower door wasn't long enough so water sprayed on the floor (seems to be a European thing). We also loved the separate toilet area with it's own sink. We enjoyed the hotel restaurant....very cozy...and thought the burgers were among the best we've ever had.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OandG
<Content>Napoleon is still Victorious :-) Absolutely fantasic hotel can't say enough good things. We have stayed in hotels all around the world and enjoyed this one best. In a scale of cost this one was mid range but top on everything else.. Location couldn't get better, Style not ultra modern but very classy with quality in every aspect from lobby to even the budget room. But perhaps the best thing about the hotel if the above doesn't convince you is the staff... very friendly and cant help enough, The atmosphere alone makes for an incredible stay at this hotel. House keeping even come in in the evening when you've went out and they replace the towels turn down the sheets and leave a wee sweety on your pillow!Dont even look anywhere else, book this one.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viscounts
<Content>Was brilliant! Just went there to stay the one night in the hotel. It is right in the center and very handy to see all the sights. Inside the people speak very good English and are very helpful. Very nice staff and the rooms are incredible. I think that the style is not so modern which is nice. In my opinion, for its location, feel and everything else that one wants in a romantic hotel stay-the best in Paris.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gedece2003
<Content>Great Hotel Great historic hotel, I loved everything. Great staff, very kind, and a magnific room. To come back.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hypnos001
<Content>What a "Gem" You cannot beat the location, right off the Champs Elysees and a few meters from the nearest subway station. The staff is attentive and very professional in a friendly and effective way. The room was impeccably set, and the room service rapid and courteous, The restaurant (we had lunch) was exquisite, food presentation is excellent and creative, and the magret was very tasty. Here again the staff is superb, attentive but discreet.Overall a first class experience, right in the heart of Paris. Highly recommended  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kfc917
<Content>great family stay Our family of three stayed in junior suite for 4 nights in June 2008 . It was perfect set up for a family of three. We had a king sized bed in a large room for my husband and me and a double convertible bed for our 15 year old son. Sliding pocket doors divided the bedroom from the living room for quiet  privacy. (the photos on the hotels website - are acurate).Lovely marble bathroom with all the trimmings. We faced on to the courtyard with red geraniums in all the window boxes. Great air conditioning - we even needed extra blankets. Location great - two blocks from the Metro  one from the Champs Elysee. Concierege  all the staff very friendly  helpful. Only one current drawback is construction on the adjoining building. - Fortunately they don't work on weekends  don't start til 8 am. - If you are a light sleeper ask not to be on the courtyard and you won't even be aware of the site.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vgtx
<Content>Great Hotel Napoleon Paris! For the past 4 years we have stayed at least once a year in the Hotel Napoleon Paris. We've enjoyed the service, the location and the delicious chocolates they put on the bed every night.The restaurant has excellent food and the breakfast buffett is very good. We have no complaints at all, strongly recommend the stay !  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JPHS
<Content>Very Good Hotel I appreciated a lot my stay in the hotel: the main reason is that all the staff was extremely friendly, which is quite a surprise for an hotel at this touristic location. This changes a lot from nearby hotels I stayed for business purpose where the staff is often lazy and obsequious. That's very pleasant to be in a place where people are here to make you feel good.I stayed there with my wife and baby girl for 1 week and we were given a very big room with two big windows (it was a deluxe). It was quiet, even with opened windows. The room was correctly decorated, with antics-like furniture. The bathroom was big and clean but not so nice.The cafe, with outdoor space, was also a pleasant place to have a drink.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Mariola-Rudolf
<Content>Perfect Choice We spent three days in this hotel. We booked a Deluxe room, which was very spacious and comfortable. Bathroom modern, very well equipped. Staff extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast buffet meets the standard for 4* hotels, although more local Parisian specialities would add to the picture. Managing air conditioning requires some skills, but not necessarily degree of MIT. Location is excellent, very close do Champs d'Elyssees, two minutes walk to the metro (subway) station. Overall impression is very good and we look forward to come to this hotel again!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eugen18
<Content>A Rewarding Experience If you're looking to experience a cosy hotel in Paris, then hotel Napoleon is the first choice.It was mid May and we had a Junior Suite on the first floor. Breathtaking view to L'Arc de Tromphe, a very nice terace with little green trees and beautiful flowers, we enjoyed that both at sunrise and at sunset. That gave us an unparalel feeling of well beeing savouring a glass of wine and unwind after a busy day on the nice terace.The bedroom and the living room, quite large gave us a warm and fussy sensation just at the first glance, then let us relax in the deep, soft couch, with a touch of old, but refined furniture.A special note for the bathroom, fully equiped with anything we need.The concierge and front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, providing all kind of assistance in booking tours of Paris and its atractions.The hotel is just around the corner of Champs- Elysees, so whenever we needed some action, just walked for three minutes and we were there. Also it is minutes away from the underground metro station.Overall, it was a rewarding experience for us and we are looking forward to come back to the Napoleon hotel in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brebut
<Content>Great Location and Staff GREAT LOCATION-Staff very friendly and helpful. Prices are very high(i.e coffee in room $9.00 per serving) although food in room reasonable.Hotel needs a renovation in some areas but overall very nice.We would would not hestitate to stay there again and look forward to it.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tennrg
<Content>Ces't Magnifique I travel all over the world about 35 weeks a year and pride myself on staying in the finest hotels. I would rate Hotel Napolean at the very top of my stays, for many reasons. Beginning at reception and concierge, you are welcomed as if a member of their family. Housekeeping makes one feel as if you're in your own home, The Bivouc and the room service people are outstanding as is the quality of the food. Throughout the building you can see photographs of the famous people who used to live and stay at Hotel Napolean, which adds to the comfort of their great beds, sheets, robes, amentities. As I say, it rates at the top.The only fault is I think they need to replace the carpeting on the stairs, looks worn, but that may be to show how busy they are!Five stars in my book and I will always return there.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Khaled-Asta
<Content>Liked it very much It is a wonderful hotel and feels like home....the staff are extremely friendly and nice... it is a great a choice..  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JD1946
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the Napoleon for eight nights. It is a great location with super views. We were on the 6th floor (#601) with a great view of the Eiffel Tower and a decent view of the Arc. We never ate at the hotel, but did sample the bar which was not very busy and had great service. The staff was great also. Our room was huge by European standards - and quiet even though it faced the street. The owners will though soon have to start doing some preventive maintenance as some of the wallpaper was cracking and ripping everywhere. The furnishings were great and just a very restful hotel in a bustling city. All in all, a big thumbs up.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ggvir
<Content>Loved the Hotel Napoleon!!! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Napoleon for five nights and loved it! We were in a Deluxe Panoramic view room and it was spacious, clean and comfortable. It had a sitting area and we had a garden terrace that we could eat our meals on. It was wonderful! The bathroom was modern and beautiful. The room was tastefully decorated and was very Parisian. Probably the best part about the Hotel was its courteous staff. They could speak English and were helpful and polite. The concierge was extremely helpful and was able to get us last minute tickets on two seperate occasions. He was also ready with an umbrella when were going out to dinner and it was raining. Room service was quick and the food was very good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Paris.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlowgirlVancouver
<Content>Loved This Hotel My husband and I both loved this hotel. It was one of 4 we stayed at in Europe over a 2 week period and was definately the best. The staff could not have been nicer. They greeeted us each time as we left and returned to the hotel. They were so kind as I tried to speak French. Our room was quiet even though it faced the street which we had requested. We had a nice view of the trees and beautiful flower boxes. The room was a good size and lovely with high windows and a very comfortable bed. The location was perfect, safe and very close to a subway entrance.Marlene PetersVancouver BC Canada  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrusselsBob
<Content>Fantastic weekend This hotel is situated two minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe.The service is excellent and all speak English.The room was spotless and well appointedThe Napoleon theme is throughout the hotel and is fascinating.All of the decor is very tastefulThe staff could not have been more helpful.The breakfast was top classI could not find fault with this hotel. The weekend was delightful and everything was excellent. We have stayed in many hotels in Paris but none as good as this.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerHongKong
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent Service I took my son to Paris for a weekend break and I booked this hotel which I knew from previous experience, though I had not been there for some years. I got a very good deal from booking the hotel directly on the hotel website.I found the hotel lived up perfectly to our expectations. It is very well furnished and decorated, in typical Parisian style and with typical Parisian charm. The room had all the amenities we expected from a hotel of this class.The staff were excellent, very professional and providing genuinely sincere and friendly service.My son loved the quality, variety and quantity of the buffet breakfast.I would recommend this hotel without reservation to anyone looking for a perfectly located, mid-price hotel in the very heart of Paris.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulGhislain
<Content>The best kept secret in Paris Its location, its style, the true professionalism of all concerned, the size of the bedroom and the bathroom, I could go on and on: the Napoleon is the safest and best bet when staying in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shakergrandma
<Content>Loved it Thankfully this was a wonderful hotel. I had been very apprehensive about our stay after reading the latest reviews. However, we had a great experience. The lobby was fantastic, with a beautiful fireplace. The bellman was great, offering very nicely to help us to our room with our huge amounts of luggage. Our room surpassed our expectations. We had a corner room with one window facing the Eiffel Tower and the other window facing the Arc. We had a little sitting area, a coffee maker and a writing desk, along with a large bed--it was very quaint. Yes, the rooms are dated. They are supposed to be鈥攖hey are filled with antiques. And, yes, it could be a little cleaner and updated, but we loved it. I hated to leave. Our next rip to Paris will definitely include the Napoleon!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Juliet65
<Content>Best Hotel in Paris !       From our room with a view  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wildmandxb
<Content>Great Hotel I booked this hotel through a travel agent in Dubai not knowing anything about it...I heard a lot of bad reviews about 4 star hotels in Paris, however, this hotel is excellent! It is ideally located on the Champs-elysee, the service is perfect, the staff are really friendly and they do not get hostile if you don't speak french!!! they actually great you in English as soon as you step into their doorway, although i am a french speaker i found that highly professional. Room service was impeccable, we never had to ask them to clean our room, check-in and check-out were very efficient. The hotel itself doesn't have that much amenities/entertainment, however we went to paris to enjoy the city and not the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel to every one wanting a relaxed accomodation in paris. The cost is average -French standards.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alejandro0809
<Content>Loved the Napoleon Back home I only want to thank you for the marvelous time we spent in Paris, I want to thank you all kindness you provided to me and my family, thanks to all hotel staff, for the lovely suite provided, decoration, the view to Friedland and the Triumph Arc, we realy enjoyed it specialy after a day walking around this beatiful city, the relaxation of the bath tub, the size of the bathroom!! and the very well lighted, many things in our memories. Now we understand why people preffers your hotel which was highly recommended. No objection at all everything was perfect. People at reception while we checked in, so smily so friendly, what to say about the restaurant and bar, we never felt as tourists but at home, we returned home relaxed and happy, but let me tell you it was not easy to leave you !!Hope in the nearest future we will have the opportunity to lodge with you againOur thankfullnes Alejandro Sanchez Ramirez and family  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel77777
<Content>Good experience Hotel staff was courteous and spoke English, which were great. The room was small, but clean. Bathroom was newly renovated and was very clean. We had a good experience, mostly because we got a good deal through Expedia. Having the subway really close was nice. This hotel is by no means a 4 star by US standards. I think we have a much higher standards for hotels in America.What I cannot understand are three things they did. The rooms do NOT look like the great, grand rooms you see on the photos. Many other visitors have mentioned that before. Isn't this false advertising?Secondly, knowing that there are three of us staying in the junior suite, (by the way most of the rooms do NOT face the L'Arc) only one of us was offered a breakfast discount coupon which would reduce a regular breakfast fee of 26 euros to 10 euros. For my two companions, they would have to pay a regular fee of 26 euros if they want to have breakfast with me at the hotel!The worst restaurant was referred to us by the hotel staff. It the worst lunch we had in Paris and was close to $100 for three!... as a matter of fact, when we were at the restaurant, a group of American travelers walked out after they were seated. Worry not, there are lots of decent places to eat near the hotel, including MacDonalds, if you wanted something quickly. If you want a quick pastry in the morning, the subway station which is very close and clean has a place that looks like a small Au Bon Pain. Pastries in Paris are really good. Also, if you want a supermarket to pick up some supplies, go to Roosevelt subway stop which is two stops from the hotel subway and go to Mediplex on Champ Elysees. Also understand that a phone call at the hotel, even if it is a toll free call, will will be charged a fee.. in my case, a local toll free call of 30 sec was charged 2 euros. Internet connection for 24 hours is close to $30!Use your credit card as much as possible in Paris. Everyone accepts it. They charge you 9% commissions fee on exchange of dollars to euros.! Good luck.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>PVmomLosAngeles_CA
<Content>Not so great... So-so hotel with rude staff. We were celebrating very special occasion, but were still put in room facing scaffolding from construction next door. When we asked the concierge for a resteraunt reccomendation, he refered us to one two blocks away. When we got there there place was boarded up with grafitti on it. Hmmm...not great service. The rooms were fine though. Moved after 3 nights to a wonderful hotel near the Louvre. Much better service and location!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>traveljunkieca
<Content>Not a Hotel for Americans Things in Paris are expensive but no one should pay $300 per night for a hotel as run down as this. I had read several reviews of this hotel before leaving and became concerned and therefore wrote to the hotel The manager wrote back and assured me that the reviews were from disgruntled people who wanted discounts and offered to upgrade me. She was charming but also told me she would be out of town while I stayed there. The room was not an upgrade and at best a very low three star room. It was clean,very clean but the wallpaper was old and coming off the bottom, the bathroom, although redone had a painted plywood ceiling. This was Room 509. That would have been okay for me as I was only staying one night and then meeting friends and moving into a Paris apartment. However, I had a very bad adventure which the Napoleon made worse. Upon arriving, they ushered me to my room immediately (at 9:00 a.m.); this was great. I took a nap and at 1 p.m. I went out to go to Poulaine, my favorite bakery, to buy bread. I had always ridden the metro so had no trouble doing it again. Upon my return, I was about to exit Charles DeGaulle/Etiole metro station but hestitated because I wanted to find the exit closest to the hotel. I sat down, looked at my map, found it and began to exit up the steep escalator. At the top a young man bent over and prevented me from getting off. When I tried to jump over him, the man behind me grabbed me by the back of my coat and slammed me into the subway wall three times, knocked the wind out of me; I fell to the floor where he kicked me, reached into my pockets and stole all my credit cards and money. I yelled Policer, policer, but no one came and the passersby just looked at me funny and kept walking. I pulled myself together and went to the hotel. I went to the front desk and told them what happened and asked them to call the police. They said the police don't come out for this kind of thing but that I could walk to the polcie station a few blocks away. It was getting dark and I wasn't venturing outside again. Then I explained that they had stolen all my credit cards and money. They jumped into action. They got the copy of my passport and credit card they had taken on check in and immediately charged my room to the credit card. Now that we have charged your room, here is a number to call to cancel your card. I was little stunned. I stayed at the desk and called Bank of America and Citibank while the various front desk people watched. No one offered me any consolation except for a nice young man who told me he had lived in North Africa and had seen these things happen a number of times there but not in Paris. He said I was lucky the man did not use a knife. My business concluded, I went to my room. The next morning I called and explained that I was having money wired to me on that day but that I didn't have money for breakfast or coffee and could they see fit to send me breakfast or coffee and I promised I would pay for it as soon as Western Union wired me the money (which was supposed to be by 2 p.m. Paris time). NO. I had not eaten since New York where I changed planes and also hadn't had anything to drink. NO. I called theree or four times and finally a bellboy brought me a cup of black coffee and put his finger to his lips as if to say, don't tell anyone. I was outraged by the inhumanity of the entire thing. They were kind enough to accept my new credit card when it arrived on Wednesday and called me at the apartment to pick it up. But, on Sunday, the man behind the desk made me write a letter authorizing them to accept the card. Upon check out they argued with me over 6 euros for phone calls I made to the credit card companies but eventually forgave that. I grabbed a cab to the apartment as I had left 10 euro in the hotel room before being mugged. It was not enough. Luckily, the cab driver was nicer than the people at this hotel and gave me the ride for 10 euro.NEVER STAY HERE IF YOU ARE AMERICAN. I DON'T THINK THE PEOPLE WHO WORK THERE CARE VERY MUCH FOR AMERICANS. OR, THEY ARE ALL JUST VERY COLD. $300? God, no. Not even worth $90. It's a Motel 6 on a bad day. Stay as far away as possible.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>noadsie
<Content>Excellent Just got back from 3 nights at this excellent Hotel.We booked direct through the hotels web site and got one of the Panoramic rooms with a view of the Arc.The room was very large with a huge bed (basically two single divans). Also had table couple of chairs and settee.Reception staff spoke good English (as you would expect in a 4* hotel) and arranged taxi's that arrived exactly on schedule.Location is about a one minute walk from the Arc, but it does mean you are at one end of the sights rather than in the middle.No complaints at all.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LJANEGRAY
<Content>Naploleon Was A Nightmare I called the hotel directly to make a reservation one week prior to my stay, at which time, they neglected to mention that there was construction going on in the hotel and the building beside them is being demolited. During the day, there is a constant sound of jack hammering, hope you like being up at 6 am. The housekeeping attempt was spotty, most of us like a clean bathroom. The location was great. The hotel staff were extremely rude and unhelpful, if you want a drink in the lounge go when your not thirsty because by the time you are you might get served. The front desk staff were unhelpful and relied on the fact that they could use the french/english language barrier as a crutch. I would never stay at this hotel again and would not recommend it to a dog.This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Lesw
<Content>January in Paris--shop til you drop       Hotel Napoleon outside  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>fdj007
<Content>Very Enojyable, great staff - - Loved the Fren Martinis If there was a rating for 4 and a half, it would have actually recieved this - it is an excellent as a place to stay as any 4 star I have stayed in, but not quite a 5 out of 5.I found the rooms to be clean, large (for a capital city hotel) and very well kept. The hotel it self although more boutique than palatial was very smart and had a sense of sophistication.Location was superb, the staff very friendly, and price a bargain in comparison to its main rivals in the locale.the only down points are (as stated in several reviews) are the rooms are very warm at night with very poor air con. We had to leave our windows open in the day to cool the room down - as the air con did not work properly. Also beware of the rip off brasseries along the champs elyssee, close to the hotel. 50 Euros for a petit de jeneur? Walk a few hundred yards behind the hotel instead (but this really is not the hotels fault - but if they provided a better and cheaper alternative that would be good).All in all we spent 400 Euros for a supior romm for a two person and two night stay - and in retrospect it was worth every penny. You can spend that for a single night in a Parisian hotel - and your experience will not be half as good. BOOK NOW, YOU WILL LOVE IT.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WRC219
<Content>Hotel Napoleon We recently (9/17-20/07) visited Paris for the first time and loved the city. We stayed at the Hotel Napoleon, a VERY nice smaller hotel with a GREAT location! It was about 1 block from the Arc de Triomphe and it was the next street over from the Champs Elysees.The staff was very accomodating and helpful and made up for my feeble attempts at speaking French by being fluent in English. The hotel served a nice breakfast buffet - that was offered at a discounted price for any one booking through Expedia. The bar/lounge was a nice place to relax after a day of sightseeing.I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again, and I would highly recommend the Hotel Napoleon to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taniquan
<Content>great hotel in a great LOCATION This hotel is a solid 4 star hotel in a great location at the foot of the Arch of Triumph right at the end of the Champs Elysees. The hotel lobby, rooms and service is a sold 4 stars. I did not eat there so I cannot say how the food is. If I had to complain it would be that the king bed I ordered was in fact two twins put together so if you slept in the middle you tended to separate them. Another plus is that it also across the street from the metro. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. Now that I just read some of the recent reviews here on this hotel I can see how different people have different experiences and different expectations. My room was small too but so are all the rooms in Paris but not as small as those in London. And the room I got had a great view. So my position that this is a great hotels stands.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SPC1105
<Content>Awufl Hotel What a disappointment this hotel was. Great location, right next to the Arc de Triomphe and a metro station only 50 metres away but what a rip off.The rooms were small and dark. The bathroom was tiny and the shower didn't work properly. We stayed in a superior room which was nothing like the pictures on the website.The staff, apart from one person at the front desk, were rude and unhelpful. The bar shut early and even when it was open the food and drinks were totally overpriced.Our room was booked through Expedia so was cheaper than the website, but still totally overprice. This is a hotel that is living off a reputation from 10 years ago.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>TravelingBearTR
<Content>Very Bad Experience I really don't like to give a bad review but this was a horrible experience. I am Turkish and I travel for business very often, which is to say that I stay in a lot of hotels, so I have an expectation for what a hotel experience should be. I booked a regular room, when I got there it didn't look anything like the pictures. It was disgusting, full of dirty, broken furniture and had moths flying in it. They subsequently moved my room, however, it was also subpar. The pictures on their proprietary website, expedia.com, and hotels.com do not reflect the actual rooms in the hotel. Also, this is the first time that the property did not reflect the various reviews I read on trip advisor. The same time I was there I met another guest at breakfast who experienced the same time of treatment where they tried to give them a disgusting room, and then they had to demand to be moved to a better one. The staff was mediocre. Of note there is an older conceirge who works almost everynight. He is very rude, unhelpful, and offensive - He alone would prevent me from returning to the hotel. One night I wanted to go to an area of Paris I have not frequented and he couldn't even reccomend a resturant. This hotel Napolean needs to be aware of the importance of the person standing behind the front counter. I have stayed in many Paris hotels and this man was a disgrace. The day time conceigere is better, and there is a female assistant manager who works daytime who is nice. Also of note, is how the staff rips off guests through taxi's. For example when I called a taxi from the hotel it would always arrive with at least 8 euro on the meter, when I would refuse to pay such a high start they would insist that it was normal and that I was forced to take the taxi and would be very pushy and rude. I spoke with many taxi drivers that I took leaving other locations, as well as the Paris police and they informed me that this was NOT normal, and also unacceptable. The other taxi drivers informed that the possible reason that they do this is becuase the hotel conceirge gets a kickback from the taxi.The hotel internet service triple charged me almost everytime. It's totally inefficient. I am a world traveler, this was one of - if not the worst experience in a hotel in Paris. I got to france 2 times a year on business and I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone I work with for business or leisure. I am not looking to be pamperd but I am looking for the service and cleanliness to be reasonable. This was not.Good things about this hotel is that it is very close to Champs Elysses as well as the metro. If you're a tourist it is very close to the Arc de Trioump. Good Luck.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>danpool
<Content>Great Location and Great Service From the time we arrived till the time we checked out, we could not have enjoyed ourselves more. The staff was knowledgeable and attentive and the location was great. We upgraded our room and had a view of the Eiffel Tower out one window and the Arc de Triumph out the other window. Hotel was very close to one of the main Metro stations so getting around was simple. Clean room was well appointed and bigger than I expected it to be. Would recommend to all and will stay there again the next trip to Paris  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>stefhef
<Content>Didn't like it We booked a jr. suite; were told it would have a king and 2 twins. It had a queen and a couch made into a bed and a tiny cot. Also told we would face the street. We faced an interior courtyard. The place needs upgrading. Bathroom was ok. We checked out the next morning.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>lesm1
<Content>Paris Bliss I can't say enough nice things about this hotel. It was my second visit. This time we had a panoramic suite on the top floor for new year's eve. The view was absolutely incredible. We had a balcony that wrapped around the entire room. The room was in perfect Paris style. After staying in this type of room, it would be very hard to return and stay in a standard small room. The staff even had little bottles of complementary champagne for us to ring in the new year. The concierge was great, handling all my restaurant reservation requests throughout the city, which really saved me time and a huge headache.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunburnt_curt
<Content>Charming, but could have been better When we got to the hotel, we thought it was going to be a fantastic stay. The hotel staff was utterly friendly, and I guarantee you it wasn't my pathetic stab at French that prompted their friendliness. Check in was prompt and we were given a room on the first floor (which I would have called the 2nd floor, but apparently the first floor is above the ground floor). The room had it's own little patio off the side that overlook Avenue de Friedland, and a little balcony to the front. French doors gave access to either, and you could see the Arc de Triumph from both.The room was advertised as a queen with a single, but that means a queen (which was really two twin mattresses shoved together) and a roll-in bed. Not the greatest, but ok.While the front desk and the concierge were always helpful, as was Michael the evening bartender, housekeeping was spotty at best. When we returned after our first day of touring the city, we found the beds had been made the the bathroom cleaned, but all the dirty dishes were right where we left them and the coffee service was not replenished.We called the front desk, who connected us to room service, who immediately brought us fresh pots of coffee. Ok, they may have been quick about it, but I think the language barrier got in the way - we just wanted our coffee replenished so we could make some in the morning. This process got to be comical, because it happened on a daily basis. They never did get it right.They never did take dirty dishes out either. I finally gave up and piled them in the hallway, where they stayed for a long time before someone got them.The last day we were there, we came home to find the room clean and my sons dirty pants and t-shirt he had left on the floor put in the bidet. It was almost as if the housekeepers were messing with us.The hotel is a bit shabby, or at least our room was. There were cracks in the walls and peeling paint, and the place was not the most soundproof.They have some type of digital TV system, and I could rarely get it to work right. There's not much to watch that's not in french, but a little BBC would have been nice to hear from time to time. The location, right by the Arc, the Champs Elysees, and a metro station were very convenient. For those of you so inclined, there's a McDonald's nearby on the Champs Elysees - it even has outdoor seating so you can hang out on the sidewalk with all the Parisians enjoying a Royal with Cheese (really - Travolta wasn't kidding in Pulp Fiction. They really do call a Quarter Pounder w/Cheese a Royal with Cheese)However, now that I've discovered the city, there's no doubt I'd stay somewhere different next time, closer to the city center, nearer the Latin Quater where there's more interesting action.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wpellie
<Content>A very pleasant experience We recently returned from 10 days in Paris, having stayed the entire time at the Hotel Napoleon. The hotel was lovely - clean, fully-staffed by folks who go out of their way to be of assistance. Our French is minimal, and the staff were seamless in their switch to English. The only attitude detected was of a sincere desire to be helpful! Not sure what others who wrote of negative attitudes experienced, but we couldn't have felt more welcome.As for the rooms, four of us stayed in one of their junior suites, and with two boys ages 10 and 13, we needed an additional rollaway bed. Despite this, the beds were perfectly comfortable and the A/C was decent. Not the arctic of USA hotel's A/Cs, but it made the hot nights comfortable enough for sleeping. Our bathroom was an updated one, lots of marble. Cleaned every day, turn-down service at night, etc.Skip the breakfast at 22 Euros - we got an Expedia discount rate of 50% for breakfast, making it more reasonable. Still, why eat there at that expense when so many options are available at a sig discount to the hotel 's breakfast?The location is terrific too; Metro one block away, as was the Arc d'Triomphe.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zoenje
<Content>Wonderful !!! We arrived early (9am) and our room was not ready, so they stowed our luggage (in a small locked room) while we toured the Champs Elysee neighborhood. You are literally steps from the Arc and the metro.We were here for an 8 day stay and our Superior room (#410), sadly was a huge disappointment. This was a rather tired looking room. The drapes were hanging haphazardly on a few hooks that didn't close completely. There was a 5x5 stain on the carpet and the blanket on the bed had a hole in it that was poorly mended. There were 2 sets of french doors, but they looked down into an overgrown mess of a courtyard. The toilet was in a separate chamber (very odd). The bath and sink were extremely tight. The next morning I called to ask for another room, but before I could finish my sentence the concierge offered to let me see something else since we were staying so long. Someone immediately knocked on the door and showed me (#317) - what a difference! Obviously, we moved. Same size room, better lay out, and much bigger bathroom. Again 2 sets of french doors that opened to a beautiful courtyard below and a fountain that peacefully lulled us to sleep every night. We never closed our doors. It was quiet and lovely. We were very happy with this room. The room service was top-notch. We ordered coffee to our room every morning and loved returning to our room every evening after a day of sight seeing and finding our yummy chocolates on our turned down beds. They also have a very nice dining room and bar where we enjoyed listening to a wonderful guitarist/singer one evening.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kattraveler
<Content>This hotel was worth the money Our family of three stayed in the Deluxe panaramic view room and couldn't have been happier. The staff were very attentive and spoke English very well. We didn't eat at the restaurant because we preferred to experience the cafes and great restaurants Paris has to offer. The Metro is just half a block away and we rode it everywhere. It was one of the easiest train systems to navigate. We bought 7day passes for 14 euros each. If you have any sort of walking problem you might want to take a cab because there were lots of stairs to climb going from platform to platform. I didn't mind the extra workout though. Our room was very clean and linens were changed a lot! The beds weren't as comfortable as ours at home but still good. Pillows were good though and that's important to me. I was surprised at how quiet the room was even though we faced the street. Our view was of the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe. The Champs Elysses was within walking distance. This hotel made our trip unforgettable.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LoveTravellingBC
<Content>A Wonderful Experience From the moment we arrived for our 10 day stay we were made to feel at home. The staff were friendly, efficient and our limited French was not a problem as most spoke fluent English. While we did not eat in the restaurant every morning, when we did we really enjoyed the buffet. The lounge was the perfect place to relax and enjoy a nightcap after days of trying to see as much of Paris and the surrounding area as we could in 10 days - and what a treat it was to get back to our room to find the bed turned down and a chocolate on each of our pillows! We were in a Traditional room, which was clean, comfortable and quite adequate for our needs. The marble bathroom was well equipped with both a hand shower and a full shower. The location of the hotel could not be better - walking distance to the Arc de Triomph, the Metro, the Lido, and all the restaurants you need! All in all I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JAK7
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel We stayed for four nights in a Deluxe King Room. The room, the service, the staff, the location, the bar, and everything were just lovely. The Napoleon is a near perfect private boutique hotel. If anything is not quite to your liking, as the first room we were allocated was not (low floor  a little shabby) just say and the staff will be only too happy to correct it. We were moved to a lovely room on the fifth floor immediately, even though we arrived early, which was very well appointed. We had a very enjoyable and pleasant stay. Make use of the Metro just up the road with a visitors pass to get anywhere easily.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SharronManchester
<Content>Fantastic Hotel. Great Location!!! Just returned from a 3 night stay in Paris with my Mum and Mother-in-law. Booked the hotel on behalf of all the great reviews on trip advisor and it well lived up to my expectations. The one bad review, WELL!!!!! i think they were staying at a totally different hotel because that it not what the Hotel Napoleon is like. We booked a Deluxe room and a Panoramic room both were really spacious, especially the panoramic room, it had two balconies which made the room really airy and light. It was impeccable. Towels were changed twice daily, products replaced when used and we had maid turn down service and chocolates left on our pillow every night.The hotel staff were really attentive nothing was too much trouble. Greated you every day with Bonjour, have a nice day! The concierge sorted out taxis for us for wherever we wanted to go.Breakfast was great, anything you wanted from cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurts, pastries,hams, cheeses,hot food etc.......Excellent!!! It set you up for the day.Great location, literally seconds from the Champs Elysees. Had full view of the Arc de Triomphe from our balcony.Basically, i can't fault this hotel, it made our stay really memorable. I wouyld highly recommend this hotel to anybody wanting a hotel with great ambience, good location, good food, and a great service. Will definately be returning!!!!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OliveOil87
<Content>Great Hotel - Wonderful Location, Friendly Staff We have just come back from a weekend in the Hotel Napoleon and we had a great time. The Hotel is in a perfect location and we found the staff to be very friendly and the rooms spotlessly clean. Breakfast is expensive at 22 euros but well worth it. We booked quite late and the only rooms available were Classic rooms, which are quite small. Although small the rooms still had everything we needed, including a safe, books and guides on Paris and a rubber duck for the bath! We would definitely go back and stay there again. This hotel is highly recommended!!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cali81
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed at the Hotel Napoleon for a week and loved it. The location is perfect. It's less than a block to the Arc, the Champs Elysees, and the metro. The service was good and the restaurant recommendations we got from the concierge were excellent. We decided to book one of the larger rooms that includes a little sitting area, and we had plenty of room. I hope to return to Paris soon, and would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Factor500
<Content>Regret Booking This! Stayed here in April for a special occasion and I really regret choosing here. I splashed out on a superior room which looked nothing like the pictures on their website. Their courtyard is grubby and it certainly doesn't make for a nice view. The hotel staff where cold and rude and they made no effort to make us feel welcome. They did'nt even say hello when you entered or left the hotel. The interior upstairs is old and tatty and the premises is surprisingly very small. Our room was worn and tatty and in serious need of a face lift. French decor is lovely but not when it is stained and old. The air conditioning was very loud which made it hard to sleep at night and it was very warm over there so switching it off was not an option. Our towels and toiletries where never replaced, we where only left with the few towels we had'nt used. The communal carpets are old and well worn. If your looking to stay near the Arc De Triomphe then this hotel is well situated but if you are booking it for a special treat or surprise, It's a real disappointment. I was'nt expecting the Ritz for 300 euro a night but I certainly wasn't expecting that.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>worldtravelier
<Content>A wonderful stay! Three phrases describe our experience at this hotel: Great hotel; great location; great transfer from airport. From the start of our adventure to wonderful Paris it was (I will use the same word) great.Once we disembarked from the plane, we took the public Air France shuttle bus, located at exit 2A, to the Arc de Triomphe stop. Only a 35 minute ride. The hotel is located three short blocks away from this stop. The hotel itself is only half a block from the Arc de Triomphe and one small block from the Ave des Champs Elysees. Once arrived, we were warmly greeted and assisted with our luggage to our room. The bellman, once inside, pointed out various things in the room. The room was well decorated, and large. He returned within the half hour to bring us a welcome gift. A nice surprise. The hotel has a very attentive staff. We utilized both the dinning room for breakfast, and the bar for a night cap after a long day of sightseeing. What made the bar experience a little more enjoyable for us was that in the written information about this hotel, it is mentioned that Orson Welles, Errol Flynn, and Josephine Baker stayed here. Since it is well known that the three enjoyed many a night cap,it was very easy for us to visualize their presence in the same room.The maid turn down night service was a welcomed and most comfortable sight with chocolates on our pillow. I will highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jharris2466
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Location and Service It was my first time in Paris and I went with my sister in law and two teenage daughters 12 and 14. We had a fantastic time. Hotel Napoleon was first of all in the perfect location. We were able to either walk or take the Metro everywhere. The rooms were large and clean and we had a huge balcony with connecting rooms. The concierges were extremely helpful and took the time to give us advice with everything. The entire staff was so nice and my daughters felt extremely comfortable walking around the hotel on their own even though they didn't speak the language.I would highly recommend this hotel for your Paris stay!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RY2007
<Content>Thumbs up...a most pleasant stay in Paris We stayed at the Hotel Napoleon for two nights during Spring Break in the first week of April. Our family of four very much enjoyed the experience.We booked our rooms through Expedia, and had been looking for a nice, centrally located and decently priced room that could accommodate a family of four. The reviews on TripAdvisor helped us to decide on this hotel. While the rate that we booked our junior suite was not a cheap one, we thought that we got good value for our money.As noted in earlier reviews, the Hotel is quite well-located just a few blocks from the Arc de Triomphe, and is a short walk to the Champs Elysees and Place de Charles de Gaulle Metro/RER station. Taking advantage of the spring weather, we actually walked from the Hotel Napoleon down the Champs Elysees through the Place de La Concorde and Tuillieries Garden to the Louvre in just over an hour.The hotel itself was a pleasure. It is a well-kept property that has lots of nice older furnishings with modern touches like flat-screen TVs and in-room Internet access. The interior design was quite baroque, particularly for those of us familiar with the minimalist chic of modern boutique hotels. We had nineteenth century style furniture in our room, along with plentiful and colorful drapes/wall hangings and a leopard-spotted carpet. Somehow, it all worked together and fit with this historical building. The junior suite had a separate sitting area, a large bathroom with large tub and separate shower stall and a separate walk-in closet for coats/luggage.The staff was very pleasant and helpful with check in, check out and luggage storage. Our Expedia reservation was handled seamlessly.Our family has agreed to make the Hotel Napoleon the place to stay for our future trips back to Paris.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>plannerguru
<Content>Convenient to Metro       Napoleon was superb  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ewex06
<Content>Napoleon is very nice, a little out of the way. I booked through expedia (hotel and airfare) from London, for four days at around $850. So unfortunately I'm not too sure of the exact room rate, but we chose the standard basic room. We were on the first floor above the lobby and faced the courtyard. The room was TINY, TINY, TINY. BUT! The bathroom was a good size. The room was very hot and we were trying to figure out how to make it colder, but then we realized that the french doors on the side of the room open and let in cool air! It was not a problem in February but I can see this being a problem in the summer. Not sure how the AC works. They have turn down service each night, the chocolates are delicious. We didn't spend much time in the room b/c we were seeing the sights, so at most we slept there. The bed was very firm and the pillows nice. I think I would have preferred a softer bed, but no big deal. I was so exhausted from touristing, that it didn't really matter.The room was immaculately clean. The bathroom was very nice. The pictures others reviewers posted are accurate.The elevator is very small and slow, so we just took the stairs. Also the hotel staff were very friendly, spoke perfect english and very helpful with directing us towards the airfrance bus. The bus is very convenient to take from the airport costs about 15 euros a person. Take it to the end to the Arc stop, and walk a few blocks...The prices for food in the restaurant was very expensive so we just ate outside the hotel. Brioche Dore is a very inexpensive option just around the corner on the Champs D'Elise. The view from the street in front of the hotel has the amazing view of the Arc. However, it is far from the other tourist attractions, such as the Tower, Notre Dame, Museums, etc. The hotel was nice, but too out of the way for us. Next time, I will stay somewhere more centrally located.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NJPStLouis
<Content>Wonderful service We stayed at the Hotel Napoleon for a week in mid-March and had a wonderful experience. The room was large, the location superb, and the service impeccable. Our luggage did not arrive for the first three days of our trip and the hotel staff generously contacted the airline by phone and e-mail throughout the day so we could sightsee. The marble bathroom was marvelous and the bed was enormous. We looked forward to the delicious chocolates on the bed after turn-down service every evening. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>toto
<Content>Superb Hotel Stayed at the Hotel Napoleon from 16 to 19 March - fantastic location, staff extremely pleasant and helpful - nothing was too much trouble. As one previous reviewer stated rooms were cleaned as if by magic and beds turned down each evening - highly recommended - would definately stay at this hotel next time I visit Paris.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>solarkk
<Content>Great Location and wonderful Boutique Hotel We cannot rave enough about the location of this hotel. 15 seconds walk to the Champs des Elysees. Every women's dream! Service and rooms are wonderful and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting Paris. Make sure you ask for a renovated room (although they would automatically recommend that even without asking). It is also highly recommended to ask for a King size bed, being from North America, my husband and I cannot imagine what a Queen or Double would have been like!Paris is fabulous but the accommodation at this hotel just made it that much more special!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>joeglasgow
<Content>Fantastic       arc at night  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annesilver66
<Content>Wonderful Hotel The Hotel Napoleon is a beautiful hotel. The location, just off the Champs Elys茅es, is great for those who enjoy walking and also has easy access to the Metro. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. We booked a superior panoramic view room and were very satisfied. The room was quite large with a fabulous view of the Eiffel Tower and a partial view of the Arc de Triomphe. The only complaint was that my husband felt the bed was to hard for him he slept poorly, fortunately I like a firmer mattress and slept well. All in all a wonderful hotel. If I have the good fortune to return to Paris I will definitely stay at the Hotel Napoleon again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LL5
<Content>Fantastic Trip Early February I surprised my boyfiend with a trip to Paris; staying at the Hotel Napoleon Paris, we could not have been better situated. We had amazing views, a luxurious room, excellent service and felt very welcomed throughout the stay. The decor was very traditional but of the highest standard and all of the staff were very helpful and friendly. If staying in Paris, I would have to say this hotel is a must! Everything you would like to see is within walking distance, or a short taxi ride! Our transfers were dealt with by must limousines - www.mustlimousines.com. Their service was fantasic, efficient, punctual and friendly. An excellent stay overall.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JofromLondonUK
<Content>Absolutely the right choice of hotel in Paris       TOILETRIES  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>panajoe81
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location! Stayed in a Junior Suite for 5 nights. Stayed in a junior suite that was 378 euros a night. keep in mind that this is Paris and prices are unbelievably high. hotel is located within 100 yards of the Arc de Triumphe, great location. Bathrooms were very clean for it to be Europe. You have daily international newspaper every morning in the reception and you have wireless internet, although you have to pay. i am sure you can get a package that comes included with the WIFI!! tried the AC one night and did not work that well, so if you plan to go in summer, it would be good to ask the hotel how the AC is working. The room i stayed in (junior Suite) used to be 2 rooms ( i think), and the AC only worked one one side of the room, not where the bed was.overall it was a great stay, did not have breakfast once there, would always eat outside, definitely recommend it for the price, it may look old bu they definitely have done their work to keep up with the world ( plasma tv's, wireless internet)  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Msmrnd2
<Content>Love this Hotel! The Hotel Napoleon is an excellent hotel in Paris!The location is perfect, just off of a main street by many great areas. The food and staff were wonderful! Unlike other hotels I have read about, their ac was very cold and worked well.The beds could use a little work. We got a queen bed and it ended up being two twins pushed together, so we slept on different beds next to each other. For the price, this hotel is incredible.Everyone was so nice, it was extremely clean and the food was great. I would suggest this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smagical
<Content>I Loved the Hotel Napoleon My arrival experience was great and the Hotel staff was ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE!! I arrived on a Sat. afternoon and the Concierge gave us excellent recommendation for dinner and the night clubs!! The Napoleon is just a few meters from the Arch De Triomphe, which was terrific!The hotel lays on Ave. De Friedland, which is the next street over from CHAMPS DE ELYSSEE, where I spent lots of time. Not only is the hotel staff extremely helpful and the most pleasant staff, that One may interact with. I was in Paris, not only for vacation ,but also to celebrate my Bday!! Which definitely served it's purpose!! I had an wonderful time and the weather was perfect! On my Bday, the staff sent a bottle of Champagne to my room!! And, that was quite special and I LOVE CHAMPANGE, so they won plenty of points. The Napoleon itself is a beautiful hotel and the location is amazing!! The Napoleon, has an outstanding reputation and I am quite sure, that they will keep and maintain it!! I sincerely think that I will be back to the Napoleon and I will recommend it to any and everyone!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ellemay
<Content>Location Location, a unique position in the heart of Paris               More photos  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fivestartravel
<Content>Great hotel and excellent location! I stayed at the Hotel Napoleon as part of my European vacation, and, first of all, you cannot beat the location -- about a block from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. My room was a Panoramic Deluxe with a balcony above the hotel's entrance and a terrace for dining outside. This room was huge! Much bigger than what I had heard about European hotel rooms. The service and food were excellent. I had three maids in the same day knocking at my door to see if there was anything I needed. The only problem I had was not under the hotel's control. It was having to deal with so many rude, foreign tourists, but, that's what I get for going to Paris in August! I highly recommend the Hotel Napoleon for travel to Paris. It's convenient and clean, and the staff are more than willing to assist you.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KANW
<Content>Paris in August! Having just returned from a 3 night stay at the Napoleon in Paris, what an experience.Being my first trip to Paris with my boyfriend I was hoping for some much needed romance and TLC. Arriving in Paris we (following a recommendation from a fellow reviewer) took the Air France bus into the centre of Paris, it was convenient and direct costing just 12 euros each for a single. It stopped just two blocks from the Hotel Napoleon just off the Arc de Triomphe which was breathtaking. It was a five minute walk to the hotel which was brilliant.The Hotel is amazing, very clean and full of the most amazing paintings, vases etc. We received a warm welcome by staff as soon as we set foot inside the door.When we went up to our room on the third floor, I was however very disappointed, the room even though was clean was very small and dark as it was inside room facing a small inner courtyard. I was amazed at the price that we had paid for such a room so we were straight on the phone to reception to see what could be done. The receptionist was extremely helpful and explained that the only other room they had available for our first night was a deluxe room which we would have to pay another 100 euros a night for, however there was another classic room that would be available in the morning which faced the front street, so we decided to wait until morning.The facilities at the hotel are good, we were a little disappointed at the lack of English TV Channels but we didn't spend that much time in the room anyway. We managed to get Breakfast included in our room rate and I have to say I am glad that we didn't have to pay extra for it as it was disappointing as well. There wasn't much choice only a few cereals, breads/pastries and selection of hot foods. We decided that we wouldn't have paid the 22 Euros asking price and were very thankful it was included.The hotel is still undergoing some renovation work but this didn't make any difference to our stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location, just down the road from the Arc de Triomphe and Champ Elysees where you have an array of shops and also the main stops of the Tour buses. We bought a two day pass for the Yellow Open Topped Tour Bus which was a fantastic way to see all the sites that Paris has to offer. We also bought a two day pass for the Bato Bus (on river) however we wouldn't recommend this if you wanted to get somewhere quickly as it is very slow.Overall we had a fantastic time in Paris, there are some amazing things to do and see, and one thing to remember is that it is very expensive especially eating out. We ate a few nights on the Champ Elysees but decided to go down some of the side streets to find better restaurants on the last night. We found a fantastic Chinese/Cantonese but I was in shock when we were given the bill at the end as it cost 108 euros for the two of us and we only had a soft drink, starter and main course!!! It must have been an excellent place to go though as they were queuing to get a table.I wouldn't hurry back to Paris for a while purely because we did so much in the two days we were there! I would recommend it to anyone though if you haven't been before, you just need to remember one thing if your after relaxation then Paris isn't for you also if you are disabled you may also find it a bit difficult getting around as there are millions of steps and you walk miles, so remember to pack your comfy shoes.I would strongly recommend the Hotel Napoleon for your chosen hotel if you do decide to visit Paris.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ahmed_Cs
<Content>Desperately Requires Renevation and Staff Attitude Change! I stayed at the Napoleon hotel in September as I was on a business trip. I arrived at around 9 a.m. after a long over-night flight hoping that I'd find my (281 Euros) deluxe room ready by the time I arrive. That was not the case as the front-desk staff asked me to wait claiming that they were fully booked although I was noticing that and they were immediately checking-in their french guests immediately. After waiting in the lobby for 2 hours as they have already checked in around 6 guests I went and asked again if my room was ready, the fron desk staff were very rude and vulgar in the way they responded saying that I should not ask for my room before 3 pm - the regular check-in time and they claimed that all those who were checked in have paid for the previous night - and that is something I find hard to believe for 6 different people arriving after 9 a.m. When I finally got my room it was a very small and warn out and desperately needed renovation and not worth half of the cost that was paid for it. The bathroom had dull colors (dark grey and pink!) and suffered several malfunctions in the shower and toilet flush. The whole room atmosphere makes you feel like you're in an old french 70's movie from strange old style elevators the shabby wooden doors to the worn out bed and damaged bed mattress. The only good thing with this hotel is the location. However, I do not recommend this hotel and would never stay in it again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>SianH
<Content>An Oasis of Calm in a busy city ! We have just returned home from a 4 night stay in this hotel and would definitely stay here again. It is a beautifully furnished hotel with very ornate decor and it is immaculately clean. We stayed in a panoramic deluxe room which is more like a suite and had a great view of the Arc de Triomphe. The location is perfect as you are minutes away from the Champs Elysee and the Arc plus there is a Metro station practically on the doorstep (5 minutes on the Metro to connect with RER line C to take you on a 20 minute train journey to Versailles). The hotel staff are very courteous and helpful and overall, we found that the hotel was a peaceful haven to return to after a busy day sightseeing (despite its central location).  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Katerina_V
<Content>Great stay Excellent staff We stayed at the NAPOLEON for a week while visiting Paris for bussiness. The hotel was great , and the staff was very helpfull. The only dissapointment was the size of the rooms,they were extremely small (20sqm) compared to most 5*hotel rooms in other european cities . As we found out later this is the case with most hotels in Paris (Old renovated buildings in the centre of the city= Small rooms) . The hotel has suites and deluxe rooms also which are slightly bigger but the price goes up as well.Breakfast was amazing with croissants ,pastries  bread freshly baked. The Bivouac cafe located next to the reception used also for breakfast has a great atmoshere with big sofas that you can just relax in having a coffee, drink or a snack during day time .The location is definately a plus,located in the center of the city 300m from the Arc de Triomph , the metro station is only 100m from the entrance of the hotel very convenient if you plan returning from the shops with a load of shopping bags. I have already booked a second stay at hotel Napoleon and would recomended it to everyone as a great stay in Central Paris.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenuine2
<Content>A Parisan delight I just returned from a girls' week in Paris with three friends and cannot say enough about the wonderful Hotel Napoleon. From the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out the staff was accomodating, helpful and extremely courteous. The staff and concierge helped us make reservations, recommended restauarants, showed us key sites on maps with detailed directions and even walked our postcards over to the post office to get stamps and mail them. We stayed in a Junior Suite and the room was extremely good size for a European Hotel. In addition, the room was clean, air conditioned and extremely quiet. The beds were also quite comfortable and we easily fit four people in this room.You could not ask for a better location - just one block off the Champs Elysees we could see the Arc de Triomphe from the front of the hotel. World class shopping, dining and sightseeing are all within a few steps of the entrance of this hotel. Be sure to go to the CAP VERNET restaurant; it was a recommendation from the concierge and a woderfully authentic French restaurant with impeccable service.This hotel is a little pricey compared to some of the others but is well worth it. . .from the location to the customer service you could not ask for more. I already look forward to my return to this magnificent city and hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveMelb
<Content>Fantastic Stay I stayed in this hotel over the very busy easter period. Considering the good price that I got I fully expected to receive the worst room in the hotel and average service.To my surprise I found my room availably immediately upon my arrival (direct flight from Oz) and this enabled me to freshen up and hit the town straight away. The room was a classic room and very clean, very spacious and comfortable but also very warm. Upon mentioning this to the reception staff they arranged for an immediate upgrade and I ended up with a lovely (if not rather smaller) room that overlooked the street and had veiws of the Arc.The best part of the hotel is the staff, they were helpfull, cheerfull and couldn't do enough for you. I found that the service I received made me oblivious to the renovations being finalised (seemed to be mostly on the outside).The location is very good if you take the AirFrance Bus from the airport, it is just a short walk to the hotel and saved me heaps on a transfer. Breakfast was included in my and since not much opened prior to 9am I took full advantage of it. If you don't have breakfast included take the short walk to one of the may charming cafes that all serve variations of breakfast at a cheeper price.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elian
<Content>A real gem Me and my husband stayed there in the summer of 2005. In the past we had stayed in the George v which we adore, but as during that holiday we stayed in Paris for a long time we decided that we needed a more affordable hotel. We were happily surprised with the Napoleon. Fantastic little hotel with a superb location. The room was large, sunny and super clean, the bathroom was a delight - we loved the shower, the hotel staff amazing and extemely helpful. Minus a small incident when we got stuck in the elevator, Hotel Napoleon was a fantastic surprise to us and we would like to stay there again in the future.Ps: there is a drawback with the room service as it does not serve hot food after midnight.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It Staff was excellent got a good rate on a suite which had lovely bathroom walk in shower and bath and good sized bed. comfortable and friendly. Decoration was excellent and my room had just been refurbished as they are in the process of finishing the whole hotel. good food too  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull Hotel We stayed at the hotel napoleon during 6 nights and it was wonderfull. The staff was very friendly, the room was renovated and all services the hotel offer was good. You're less than 1 blocks from the Champs Elysees Avenue. Also we eat for lunch at the restaurant and was great. I hope we will come back there as soon as possible.Murryda@hotmail(-)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lamerazure
<Content>Fall into the Arc Hotel Napoleon is ideally situated on the Etoile. It was my first time staying in this arrond., so I did not know what to expect. The shopping is outstanding, especially with the Champs-Elysees less than two blocks away. Most members of the staff were nice/cordial, but also a bit stuffy. I was definitely not impressed with the size of the room, although it was tastefully decorated with a lovely canopy over the bed and a large armoire. We did not dine in the restaurant, but it appeared to be very nice. Overall, I consider this hotel to be a good choice for a Parisienne getaway.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience   showReview(3659419, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>O.T.
<Content>Bad start turned excellent!   showReview(3427590, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad times...   showReview(3399850, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay   showReview(2987697, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Currently undergoing renovation   showReview(2874947, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over priced but good location   showReview(2789364, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacksmack
<Content>A Sparkler off the Champs   showReview(1526201, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class hotel   showReview(1492148, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Hotel   showReview(1378531, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alma_mater
<Content>Lovely Napoleon   showReview(1023950, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaenMaestro
<Content>Excellent s茅jour, relation client remarquable   showReview(20145781, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>velsatys
<Content>Une valeur s没re 脿 deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe       Ext茅rieur  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yumi232005
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇屾渶楂?!銈广偪銉冦儠銈傘仚銇般倝銇椼亜   showReview(18765491, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儸銉炽儔銉兗銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19172688, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir haben uns sehr wohl gef眉hlt!   showReview(16592822, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 mais un peu v茅tuste   showReview(16592823, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cucciola96
<Content>Che peccato!!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(14036472, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Peccato!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(13975588, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cholyse
<Content>Une tr猫s bonne adresse   showReview(13619558, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bonne competence du...   showReview(13222908, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11666765, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>insgesamt zu empfehlen   showReview(11427592, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tim1969Bangkok
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(6738211, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿鏁般亴澶氥亸銇亜銇涖亜...   showReview(19917743, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

