<Author>RJJAtlanta
<Content>Like Staying in an Art Gallery This incredible hotel is located just steps away from Plaza Catalunya, Las Ramblas and the Metro system.The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. You are immediately overwhelmed by the fabulous original artwork displayed throughout the lobby, bar area and corridors. We were surprised to also find so many original pieces in the room itself. (I think I counted eight). This incredible room is compact, but efficiently layed out. It is perfectly comfortable for two people. The double glass doors open on to a tiny balcony overlooking the beautiful street scene. The room was spotless!We cannot wait to return to the perfect hotel in the perfect city.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emcm09
<Content>Excellent location and Staff I have just returned from a 3 day City Break in Barcelona.You could not be based in a more central location than hotel Pulitzer, The Hotel is very Clean and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. the Rooms are smallish but are adequate. The Bathroom was large in comparison to the Hotel Room.Breakfast is an optional extra which should be passed on as there are numerous Cafes in the area that are much cheaper. All in all the Hotel is an excellent base for a short stay in Barcelona.And I have to emphasise that the staff were excellent and extremely helpful, in particular one Girl that worked the evening shift in Reception.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>MCDublin9
<Content>Not worthy of all the hype... Just back from New Year's in Barcelona, we (2 couples) spent 4 nights in Hotel Pulitizer. Firstly the positives - the staff were very professional and friendly. The location is excellent, a short walk from La Ramblas. The shower and bathroom in general was of a high standard. The hotel bar was a nice area to have some good drinks.I was very dissappointed with the room, it was TINY! This hotel is very expensive overall, drinks, food, room rates. I would expect a bigger room for the price we paid. Even more dissappointing was the lack of comfort - the bed is the first room was so hard I woke up with a pain in my leg. The pillows are also really hard. When I complained, I got moved to a room and the bed was marginally better.I would not stay here again - overpriced for what you get.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>blackJackalexandria
<Content>Exceeded expectations The Pulitzer exceeded our expectations. The design of the public spaces is very imaginative and the art work throughout the hotel is excellent. While the room was a bit small, the bathroom was quite large. Three other couples travelled with us and everyone found the hotel enchanting - and the price modest. I have visited Barcelona many times and intend to stay at the Pulitzer again the next time I visit the city.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VEEHuddersfield
<Content>Perfect Pulitzer My husband and I have just come back from a lovely weekend at the Hotel Pulitzer. After checking out the trip advisor reviews, we found that the reviews were all quite true. The hotel was in a perfect location, just off La Ramblas which we found great not having to get taxi's all over Barcelona.The hotel staff were very professional and friendly. The bedroom was very comfortable, lovely big bed.We would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay at the Hotel Pulitzer again.We would recommend an open top bus tour (20 euros each) for the sights of Barcelona, you can get of and on the bus as many times as you like.For you foodies, the market is a must visit, absolutely fantastic.Overall we had a fantastic weekend in Barcelona even though we brought the british weather with us, rain!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>texarkana336
<Content>First Class I have been to Barcelona twice this year, the first time I stayed at The Hotel Jazz and thought that the Hotel was fine but a bit expencive for a three star. This time we stayed at the Pulitzer and was very impressed. If you are thinking of going to Barcelona try this Hotel. The staff we found to be very friendly. Loved the bar area on the ground floor, great place to chill. I dont think any hotel can please everyone, but this one pleased us  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>araf
<Content>Let's not get carried away here Stayed here last week. Location great and hotel ambience super.Young staff very attentive and well trained.Our biggest gripe as mentioned by others was the noise in the rooms coming from the central atrium at the bottom of which was the bar area.Rooms have wooden floors anyway so beware the clip clop of heels above or to the side of your room. In all these hotels that have rooms around a central atrium they need another door to insulate the noise in the hall area before the bedroom area and this hotel does not have these. In our case in room 210 near the lifts we could hear most comings and goings all night at the lifts and needless to say with the regular supply of inconsiderate guests who speak at full volume at even 4.00am we had basically three nights with interrupted sleep. On this basis I couldn't recommend the hotel to others.View from room 210 not great either other than great roof sculptures of the CA building of all places!The breakfasts were so so with erratic service from day to day. One day with coffee top ups every few minutes to the following day when we had to go find it ourselves. Hot selections were also not kept hot for long as there was no heating system resulting in tepid bacon and burgers!! and scarmbled egg. The buffet breakfast at the next door sister Hotel Regina looked much better.We stayed on a romantic break package which packaged the breakfast s with a bottle of Cava which we drank in the bar on a Wednesday night when they have live music (finishes 10pm). Most of the other people in the bar on all three nights were local young vistors not staying at the hotel. Coffee price in bar E3.00.Had a bar meal on night two which was of good quality at Burger E10.50 with Artisan chips for E5.50.Other tips for your stay.Caught train RENFE from airport E2.60 each -change at Barcelona Sants still on RENFE to Pl de Catalunya. The road for the Pulitzer is off the Plaza directly opposite the Corte Ingles apartment store.Meals ; had a great al fresco meal at El Cafe d'en Victor which is near the Cathedral in the Gothic quarter. Menu del dia for E12.00 sit outside price -three courses and a carafe of wine with Sea Bass as main course.Decent meal also at Siddartha on Carrer d'AvenyoTry and go for the day to Sitges. We went by train at E5.20 return each, takes about 30 mins and it is a lovely place to sit in the sun and eat if you can at the Costa Dorada just below the church by the beach where you can while away the day with beer and tapas. Heaven.Back to Barcelona. Go by cable car up to Montjuic and walk down to savour the great views.Great city full of shops for young people.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>JCWLondon
<Content>Absolutely fantastic hotel - would recommend We have just come back from a 4 day stay at Hotel Pulitzer.I had emailed the hotel Manager as it was a special trip for my boyfriend celebrating his birthday. Upon arrival at the hotel by taxi from the airport (about 25-30 euro) we had an easy check in with a very helpful member of reception staff. He informed us that they had upgraded our room which was a really nice surprise.The room wasn't ready at 2pm check in time but we didn't mind as it gave us the opportunity to check the bar and have a little wonder around the hotel.The room, once we checked in was lovely. Had a lovely comfy bed, tv on the wall, safe, sofa, large wardrobe, mini bar and then a lovely modern bathroom with large bath, and a granite sink. His and Hers ammenity kits along with a kit for Both as well!Also another lovely surprise was a bottle of champagne and a chocolate birthday cake for my boyfriend. I had forgotten a travel adaptor and the hotel reception were able to provide this.We had dinner in the hotel the first night which was really nice. It was extremely quiet but then eating at 9pm in Spain is very early! Service was very good and the food delicious.The reception staff couldn't have been more helpful during our stay with any enquiries we had.The roof terrace was closed as it is winter but looks really lovely. We managed to take our drinks up there whilst we were waiting for our room - a real sun trap!The location is perfect at the top of La Rambla and a great starting point to almost anywhere! A taxi rank is very close by.One thing to mention about the complimentary use of the Holmes Place. It is a good 5-10 minute walk away and if you plan to use the swimming pool and jacuzzi you need a swimming hat and flip flops to use around the pool area. This meant we couldn't swim or use the lovely looking jacuzzi which was a shame. We did manage to use the steam and sauna which were really nice but pack a swimming hat if you intend on using these facilities!! (Maybe get away with the hotel slippers if you don't have flip flops!)Check out was easy and the staff kept our cases until we needed to leave. They booked us a car to the airport which was on time and the driver very pleasant which was a nice end to a fab holiday.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and would thank all staff at the Hotel Pulitzer for making our stay so enjoyable.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Silverpink25
<Content>Flawless Stay at Hotel Pulitzer My husband and I just got back from our 10-day honeymoon in Europe, during which we stayed in 3 different hotels, and Hotel Pulitzer was hands-down our favorite. In fact, I'm going to go there and say that it was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. HP was the first hotel of our trip and it could not have started any better.The service, the decor, and the location were all superb. The rooms were small, yes, but sleek and modern and completely comfortable for two people who were mostly in and out. We had a room overlooking the street (which I'd recommend) with those classic Barcelona-style doors that open to a small balcony. The views were fantastic. The bathroom was also modern and sleek, with a dark granite decor. The bed had lots of pillows and was very comfortable!Another thing we really loved was the bar. The bartenders were true professionals and made the most well-executed cocktails I have ever seen! I greatly recommend trying some of the drinks on their menu because all that we tried were amazing. They really take their time and use great quality ingredients (try the mojito and the white russian!). They were also friendly and helpful. They recommended a tapas restaurant to us (Origens), that ended up being the best dining experience of our trip. The space is also cool. You can sit at the bar or settle in at one of the many comfy spots throughout the lounge. On most nights, there were small groups of people congregating throughout. There is also a really cute little back garden. One night while we were there, they had some live jazz, which just added to the experience even more!In addition to the service at the bar, the overall hotel service was also excellent. Never having been to Barcelona before, we had many questions and requests and they were always incredibly accomodating and friendly. Finally, the location was great, especially for someone just getting the know the city. It's a block of so from La Rambla, which is a great starting point for any direction you want to go in. Needless to say, we were very sad when it came time to check out of Hotel Pulitzer. If I ever find myself in Barcelona again, I will be returning!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jaatinen
<Content>Average hotel at great location We chose this hotel on the basis of the location and the reviews in TripAdvisor.The location is excellent. In the middle of everything, very close to La Rambla and Placa Catalunya. Spot on.Otherwise there was nothing special in this hotel.The hotel was art deco style - we have nothing against it, but there was nothing special in the interior that would have warmed our hearts.The room was OK, but again nothing that would make me long for this hotel.The bed was average and OK, but with these room prices I would have assumed a higher level of quality. Still OK.What was not at all OK was the soundproofing of the rooms.The exerior walls and the windows let all the street noise in - including louder conversations of passer-bys.Also the in house noise of the bar (clings and clangs of the glasses) three levels down continued late and was clearly audible inside the room. Fortunately we were so exhausted of walking the lovely streets of Barcelona that we fell instantly asleep. But if you have any trouble with your sleep think what I just wrote above.Breakfast was OK.The staff was OK as well, but again there was nothing that would make me say they were particularly friendly. Summa summarum: excellent location - bad soundproofing - everything else average.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Ronaldjp
<Content>Super and Sullen The arrival in a taxi from the station was a non event. Struggling with our suitcases the doorman did not make any attempt to help us and one of us is seriously disabled. In fact nobody made any attempt to help us. Made us feel a but queasy about this place. right from the start...Not particularly welcoming staff at the desk. All very strange for a 4 star 鈥榟ip鈥?hotel.!Room was superbly smallish and narrow..ish, however, except for some minor(major to us as it was a room especially for 鈥榙isabled鈥?people) details it really was good accomodation . BUT..although the shower was excellent it was so dark you couldn't see the soap! NO facial tissues available at all鈥?and most importantly the only socket in the bathroom is very far away from the sink for shavers, toothbrushes etc鈥? And imagine no socket for the laptop on the fold down desk!鈥 had to ask for an extension cord to be able to use a socket clear across the room. The bed ,though,was exceptionally comfortable as were the choice of pillows.Most annoying of all was the sullen staff everywhere (one exception: the excellent bartender) and most especially the unpleasant staff in the restaurant. Even when our wallet was stolen the front desk couldn鈥檛 have cared less and helped even less than that. Checking out from hotel was incompetent as the cashier tried the old/new trick of trying to charge in our local currency instead of Euro鈥?and then when he had to reverse the transaction he managed to block that amount off our credit line for 9 days after! A struggle as we had lost our principal credit cards and were living on a debit card off of an obscure account of ours!I would never return to the Pulitzer only because of the staff鈥?the hotel is perhaps passable for just the atmosphere of the place itself and the rooms but the staff....phooey!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>WiddyL65
<Content>perfect city hotel Have just spent 2 nights at Hotel Pulitzer, Barcelona with my husband and two teenage daughters(following all the glowing reports on Trip advisor)..my research paid off!...what a lovely hotel!..a friendly welcome greeted us, the rooms were'nt huge but were imaculate in decor and cleanliness,..we all slept soundly on the very comfortable beds ,untroubled by noise.we loved the hotel decor, groovy yet comfortable.The only 'average 'part of the stay was perhaps the breakfast...I hope to come back to Barcelona again soon and would definitely stay at the Pulitzer!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bestwoman
<Content>TOO noisy rooms Room was nice, too small, but OK for European standard.But Very noisy!!!!!. We did hear what people in next room were saying. When someone was closing the door at any floor - walls were shaking.We couldn鈥檛 sleep well till 3 am cos people were coming back from night clubs, and from 9 am cos people were checking out.Do not recommend if you want some peace.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>joop1
<Content>Very good       room  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Phillyfans
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Staff and Excellent Value My wife and I spent two nights in Barcelona and were very pleased with our stay at the Hotel Pulitzer. I decided on this hotel based on a lot of research, including the Trip Advisor feedback.The hotel is perfectly located with easy access to all the major attractions by walking, subway or cab. The rooms are very comfortable and well furnished. As others have said, they are narrower than we are used to and modern isn't to everyone's taste but our room with King bed was very clean, well appointed with all the things we like (robes, slippers, safe, etc.) and very spacious overall. It's the staff that makes or breaks a hotel and the Pulitzer has a great one. Everyone we met was extremely helpful. They gave us an excellent map, sightseeing directions, made restaurant recommendations (excellent) and reservations and made sure we had a cab for an early morning flight. All of this was done with a smile. They were very gracious in allowing me to try to speak my poor Spanish (I didn't even try Catalonian) but were also willing to rescue me in excellent English when I struggled.Our room included breakfast, which was excellent and we enjoyed a cocktail or two at the bar. We were sorry that the roof top bar had closed for the season but maybe next time.The Hotel Pulitzer is a great hotel in a perfect location with a wonderful staff that provides exception value for the money.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Edwudz
<Content>Great hotel, great service Stayed one night pre-cruise on 28th September. Chose the hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor, and also reading General manager's responses to any critiscism. He seems to take that extra care in ensuring standards are maintained. We arrived late on a Sunday evening. When we got to the room we found that the combination lock on my wife's case was jammed and we couldn't open it. On enquiry Reception staff were unable to help with tools as they had been locked away by maintenance staff, but an enquiry to sister hotel produced tools, which were delivered to our room within ten minutes.Great location. All staff seemed to want to give good attentive service.Only critiscism was that the eggs at breakfast were cold - perhaps they need to purchase buffet equipment to maintain food temperatures. Rest of food was excellent.It was the first time we had cruised out of Barcelona but if we do again we will look no further than the Pulitzer for a pre-cruise stay.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vivavino
<Content>Terrific location; they do everything right.       Overall Room - narrow but comfy  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Missekat0609
<Content>Lovely stay at Pulitzer We stayed at Hotel Pulitzer for 5 nights in the beginning of October and did not regret our choice of hotel at any time. The location was great, the rooms a little on the small side, but very nice with comfortable beds, nice breaksfast, good service and lovely decor. We were lucky with good weather and enjoyed walking around the city sightseeing and shopping. We had a nice restaurant visit at Cinc Sentits, which we really recommend.The only minor disappointment we had, was that the roof top area with bar was closed even though the weather would have allowed several visits up here.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MariaGIreland
<Content>Your decision should be easy! Brilliant! I have just returned from a two-night stay in the Hotel Pulitzer in Barcelona. Our decision to choose this hotel was based on the reviews seen on Tripadvisor and most especially on the very genuine replies inserted by the hotel Manager. I did untold research regarding hotels for this trip as it was a very special trip for both myself and my sister. I wanted everything to be perfect with no time wasted fixing any mistakes or carrying out any re-working of our plans. We were not disappointed! We had a fantastic trip and this was definitely enhanced by this superb hotel. I actually feel quite hesitant recommending it as we wanted to keep it all to ourselves but that didn't seem fair!The location is perfect. It is literally a few steps from the central Placa de Catalunya. This proved to be an invaluable location as we were within walking distance of many of the main sights and on the route for the red and blue Bus Turistica (worth using, definitely if you are short on time). The hotel is situated on a quiet side street......so no noise at night!The staff in the hotel are very friendly (in a very understated, gentle, smiley way which we loved!) and extremely professional and efficient. The superb customer service actually started before we left Ireland at all! I had been researching the vast array of restaurants available in the city and became more and more confused. I eventually narrowed the list down to about 6 and couldn't make up my mind betwen them all. Because of the Manager's very genuine comments on this website, I decided that I could probably trust him to set us straight......and I was right! Within a day, I was contacted with restaurant suggestions for each night. I decided on two, and these were subsequently booked for us by Patricia at the front desk. No hassle, no problem just friendly, efficient service. What a pleasure!On arrival, we were greeted by Sergio at the front desk.He was very pleasant, friendly and efficient. (If you find that I am repeating my adjectives, that is because there are not enough to do justice to the standard of this hotel). Our check-in was handled quickly, our restaurant reservations were confirmed and we were given little appointment cards for each.Our room was excellent. I had thought that our room would actually be smaller so we were both pleasantly surprised by the space we had, The room is very trendy and modern, but most of all comfortable. There is excellent and smart use of the available space with your every possible need catered for. The suitcases fit underneath the bed; there is ample wardrobe and drawer/shelf space; the lights are controlled with switches which you keep depressed so as to alter the lighting levels in a slow manner and thus you can easily control the level of lighting you prefer. There is aircon, a lovely shower, a large mirror in the bedroom and a make-up mirror in the bathroom. We were provided with bath-robes and slippers and ample, very nice, toiletries. The beds were very comfortable. To avoid boring you, the room was more than perfect for our needs and exceeded expectations in terms of comfort. It IS narrow but definitely there is enough space so as not to be restrictive.After our return from the restaurant on the first night (El Passadis del Pep........HIGHLY RECOMMENDED), we retired to the hotel bar for a drink. The bar is very relaxing and is decorated as per the rest of the hotel....clean, crisp lines with modern , trendy furniture. The atmosphere is very mellow and added to the feeling that this hotel was fast becoming our home from home.The staff here were very pleasant and again helpful.We decided to have breakfast in the hotel for the sake of convenience and that was the correct decision! For 鈧?5, we had unlimited access to eggs, mushrooms, cheeses, stuffed tomatoes, fruits, yoghurts, various breads, various pastries, coffees etc etc. What a spread for that price. The staff here were again very friendly and attentive. The man on duty was particularly excellent as he really tried to make sure that we wanted for nothing. He was very gentle in his attitude and made us feel right at home. Fully fortified we headed off for our day but returned in the early evening for a drink on the outside terrace. After our meal that night (L'Olive.....again we would recommend this restaurant.....just go easy on the breads at the start. We overdid it a bit and found the subsequent courses hard going! Try the sole catalan style.....) we returned to the hotel bar for a night cap which again, provided a perfect end to a perfect day. A taxi was ordered for us for our early start the next morning and this arrived a little early, which suited us perfectly. The efficiency just went on and on.......... We would both HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona.This is based on the staff, the hotel ambience and decor, the location and the facilities. We will return without a doubt and would not even bother researching accommodation again. Thank you Mr. Sanchez and all your staff for a magnificent stay. See you again some time.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>npgPhilly
<Content>Great place to stay We arrived at the Pulitzer on 9/15 and stayed for 5 nights. Our room was ready when we arrived even though it was before the check-in time. We had mentioned that we were celebrating a special birthday and the hotel sent a bottle of wine and a fabulous chocolate cake to our room. How nice!! The hotel is a boutique-style hotel with lovely common areas. The rooms are a little small but very adequate and modern. The free Wi-Fi was a real plus. The front desk staff were very helpful during our stay, especially Andrea and Ivker. Two restaurants that we really enjoyed during our stay were: Cuines Santa Caterina and Senyor Parellada. A highlight of our trip was a day tour by mini-van to Girona and the Costa Brava coast (Palafrugell) with Rabbies tours (www.rabbies.eu.com).  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>TheTraveller_1975
<Content>Our third visit .. We arrived in Barcelona on Monday around midday and we checked into the Pulitzer for the third time since 2004. Check in was seamless thanks to Sergio, and our room was all ready for us. The weather in Barcelona was unlike anything I have experienced there before, but thanks to the front desk staff lending us an umbrella we decided to venture outside. Over the course of our stay the weather did not improve so we spent most of our time in the hotel. Given the extensive wine, liquor and cocktail menus on offer this was a pleasure and not a downside to our trip. The staff were mostly attentive, however the bar staff duing the day left a little to be desired. We have travelled all over the world and stayed in many fantastic hotels - and this is one of the best in our opinion. All in all the Pulitzer offers fantastic contemporary rooms, free wi-fi (which is quite unusual), and a great atmosphere. We will definitely be back, and also plan to visit the new Pulitzer in Rome !  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Azulann
<Content>Three nights before our cruise I fell in love with Barcelona , in part do to the Hotel Pulitzer. We arrived from the USA at noon and our rooms were ready for us. I, as a single person ,was traveling with two couples. I did receive a single room rate. The location is perfect. At the end of the block is Plac de Catalunya, gateway to a number of neighborhoods to explore on foot,and the access to La Rambla.The front desk staff were so helpful. We received a map and a tour book upon arrival. They helped us with recommendations for dinner, got us taxis, found out the Mass times at the Cathedral,suggested streets to explore nearby.The bar/wait staff were also very helpful and friendly. Hotel staff are the first people one meets in a foreign city and they can set the tone for the whole stay.All of our rooms had the same layout. Clean, high ceilings, wonderful beds, sleek bathrooms with nice amenties. Loved the bathrobe and slippers. Rooms facing the front had large windows and small balcony to observe the street below.Great variety at the breakfast buffet. Nice outside seating area. I loved the lobby bar , understated modern elegance. Best of all was the roof top terrace, for drinksand conversation after a full day of sightseeing.I will be back to Barcelona and will definitely stay at the Pulitzer again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaskedRider
<Content>Fantastico Just came back from a short trip to Barcelona. Stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer, which had a fantastic location, just off the Place de Catalunya. Great for the bus tours around the city.The hotel is boutique style, is clean and very nicely decorated and furnished. Our room was a standard double room, had all the expected requirements from shower gel to bath robes, tv to balcony. The room was furnished to a high standard and very modernly decorated. The hotel has two bars and a restaurant. The food was reasonably priced and looked good in the restaurant although we did not eat there, only because we wanted to explore further afield. The hotel has a roof top bar which is the most amazing place to chill out after a hectic day exploring Barcelona. We spent a couple of nights up there and the staff were excellent, even if they did not have what you wanted, they would go to the bar within the hotel to get it. I would recommend this hotel for a stay in Barcelona because of price, location, and quality. Overall i would give this hotel 9 out of 10 (there is always room for improvement).  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>21player
<Content>Great service and location You couldn't ask for a better location.This Hotel is spotless, very good condition and the service wassecond to none.My wife and I arrived on Friday morning 8:30am Sept 12th.The room was READY! Great start.Breakfast buffett was just right to get the day started. The serviceby the front desk people and both bars was fantastic.Iam an avid forum poster on Trip Advisor, and this is how I foundout about this place. When the Mgr Jose responds to reviewslike he does, that just shows me what kind of people run this place. Thank You Jose, My wife and I are already planning on returning next year.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheGreatDane33
<Content>Close to perfect       Outside view from balcony  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Irish_Jen
<Content>The fabulous Pulitzer We have just returned from a fabulous weekend in Barcelona where we stayed in the wonderful Hotel Pulitzer.The location is first class - right in the heart of the city - stones throw from Las Ramblas (if you want it!), and walking distance to the old town and the port. We got the aerobus (only 鈧?,05 one way) which drops you in the Place de Catalunya - the hotel is a 2 min walk from here... so no need for a taxi. Oh... and there's a Starbucks right at the end of the street :)The staff spoke excellent English and were extremely helpful. The hotel itself is an oasis of calm with wonderful funky music playing in the background of the lobby and bar area. The bar is kitted out with huge white leather sofas - great to flop into after a lengthy day of sightseeing. The room was long and narrow, but very well presented. The bathroom was lovely with the expected little extras. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever encountered.If you're a couple, get the 'Romance Package' with breakfast included in the price and a bottle of Cava delivered to your room on your first evening.If I was returning to Barcelona, I wouldn't look past the Hotel Pulitzer.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MikeGrimsby
<Content>Ideal Base in Barcelona We chose this hotel for our first trip to Barcelona based on the recommendations on this site, and were delighted with it. It was very easy to get to from the Aerobus stop, and the location would be hard to beat - we walked nearly everywhere.We had a standard room at the back of the hotel - nice and quiet. Found the size of room fine, and liked the style of decor. The bed was as comfortable as any we've ever slept on. I do personally like a bedside clock, which wasn't present, but that's a very minor quibble. The aircon seemed very quiet, in some hotels I can find this a problem at night.All the staff we came into contact with were charming. Breakfast met our needs well, and we thought the one lunch we had in the hotel was good value at 20Euros - including a glass of wine and coffee.We enjoyed the rooftop bar - after our miserable English summer it was very pleasant to sit outside in the evening and be warm!We only had three days in Barcelona, so only got to see a fraction of the sights. When we return to see more, I'm sure we'll stay at the Pulitzer again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rico_in_Belfast
<Content>Great Hotel. Really enjoyed our stay at The Pulitzer.Excellent location, great design, helpful staff. Rooms not as small as we were expecting from a central location in a major European city.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>helzeb
<Content>perfect holiday! My husband and I stayed at the hotel from 25th-29th Aug 2008. The hotel was lovely, the staff very friendly. The room was perfect for us, they are slightly narrow but quite long so I never felt it was too small. The bathroom was very nice. The room was cleaned each day with new bed linen.The roof top bar was fab, we had a few cocktails up there. The only thing I didn't like was paying 11 euros for a cocktail served in a plastic glass, it kind of takes the edge away somehow? Not sure if this is due to the bar being open air and for safety etc? But obviously a very minor point.The hotel's location is perfect because you can walk easily to the marina down la rambla and also the other direction up passeig de gracia into l'eixample. The breakfast was definitely worth paying slightly more for, very relaxed and plenty of choice. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LeedsAnon
<Content>fantastic stay The Pulitzer was recommended to me by a colleague who had stayed there. We stayed for 4 nights in a superior room. I did look at some of the reviews before I went and wasn't sure what to expect. We had a fantastic stay and loved the hotel. Our room was excellent, yes they are narrower than avereage but they are finished very well. It was the best bed I have slept in away from home. The bathroom was lovely as well. I had a look in a standard room which was v similar just a little shorter.The communal lounge/bar is a lovely space. V relaxing, an oasis of calm in a very busy town. The restaurant is equally nice and breakfast was very fresh with a good selection of hot and cold food. We also ate there one night and the standard was equally as good. There is a nice outside terrace area as well. There is a great roof terrace bar which is open from 6 onwards.The over all experience was excellent. We are pretty fussy about where we stay and the standards of service we expect and the team at ther Pulitzer surpassed them. The stay were very friendly and polite and its a v central location.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LindsNick
<Content>Fantastic City Break Hotel My sister and I have just returned from a three night stay at The Pulitzer and we were VERY happy with the Hotel. It is in a fantastic location right in the centre of the city, but down a relatively quiet street. The interior decor is stunning and the staff were extremely helpful and welcoming. We enjoyed relaxing on the roof terrace and sampling the delicious cocktails and really appreciated the complimentary bottle of fizz! We would definately stay here again and are now looking at travelling to the other cities where there are Pulitzer Hotels. Thank you to the manager, Jose for arranging our room with a balcony. We highly recommend the Pulitzer to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CMTB
<Content>Fantastic hotel great staff Stylish hotel with very friendly staff who speak English if needed. We arrived just as the restaurant was closing, but they gladly stayed open so we could have a snack. Very convenient for airport bus and for Paseig de Gracia (much nicer area than the tacky Ramblas). The only small quibble is they need a good make up mirror with lights in the bathroom.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Camarche
<Content>LOCATION,LOCATION,LOCATION. Should have written this Review ages ago ! So often when you book a Hotel on-line you are taking a risk,the same can be said in trusting Trip Advisor at times.Sometimes it's a forum for people who really want to do damage to a Hotel's reputation,So trust your own judgement.The Pulitzer is a very nice Hotel,sure the room's are not large but it's a european capital city think of comparables in Paris.They also serve a really nice buffet breakfast and food  beverage service is generally quite good,small amount of attitude in the bar area at times but that's just a badly chosen staff member-what can you do?Housekeeping is good also,our only slight problem was our proximity to a service lift/area--early start!! Apart from that the rooms were quiet,and we faced the street (great ambiance)but had no noise problems in that regard.Had lunch in the Hotel a couple of times,good food  wine list also. the public areas are a nice spot for a pre dinner drink or nightcap.On the food subject we had three amazing meals during our visit,CINC SENTITS-*****GAIG-****LASATRE****So now i'm going to test these management trip advisor responses!!As the person who does them also does the Regina Hotel also(sister hotel)let's see how i get along when we go back in October....Yip no hesitation this is my choice Hotel in bcn.FABULOUS CITY,GREAT HOTEL.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NorwayCats
<Content>Just perfect!! We stayed at this hotel for one week, and we really had a great time!! We first had a room without balcony (we had asked for it), but there was no problem to change to another room with a small and nice balcony with a lovely view. The staff was very friendly, and after a long day in town, we always looked foreward to come home to the hotel. Lovely breakfast and a location that couldn't be better. Just love this hotel, and will for sure book this hotel next time. Thank you for making our stay just perfect.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Naskali
<Content>Be aware, my money were stolen in Pulitzer I stayed in Pulitzer 3rd-6th June 2008. I checked in the hotel 2.00pm and I was desparetely hungry. I just quickly throw my luggage in the room, took some money from the wallet and went out for a lunch. In a hurry I just left my wallet in cupboard, not in safety box (my mistake!). There was 250鈧?when I left the wallet in my room, but when I returned 1 hour later there was only 150鈧? So 100鈧?was missing. I informed lady in the front desk about the incident and she promised to investigate it.Next day I talked with the Front Desk Manager and she gave me the printouts, which showed who had visited my room in previous day. There was a fact that 2 cleaning ladies had visited my room when I had been having a lunch, but they denied taking the money.So there was a proof that 2 cleaning ladies had visited my room, 100鈧?was gone. My word against them. The answer from the hotel was that as I had not put my money in the safety box, they are not responsible of them. I never got my money back and I didn`t even get the apology from hotel.If you want go this hotel, don`t leave your money out of your sight!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>canHarrisonOhio
<Content>The Best As soon as we walked in the door we felt welcome. The staff couldn't have been any nicer and they more than met our expectations. They were more than willing to help with anything we needed. We would definetly stay there again or recommend it to anyone thinking of going to Barcelona. Everyone did everything with a smile on their face,which made you feel like smiling too.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wenhelall
<Content>Excellent This hotel provided excellent service!! The hotel is an good location close to all the necesaff are say places you would like to visit within a walking distance. The staff are great!! The hotel is slightly expensive but its in a 4 star hotel and its also in the centre of everything and to be honest its not anymore expensive than most places Barcelona. Best hotel ever been too!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>mr_guy_incognito
<Content>Good Hotel in Great Location       Bathroom Shot 3  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>swatts1
<Content>Excellent hotel in great location! My daughter and I flew to Barcelona from London for the Springsteen concert. We arranged our stay at the Hotel Pulitzer after positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. Our flight was late arriving and we went almost directly from the airport to the concert, just stopping by the hotel to register and drop off luggage. English is widely spoken with the hotel staff and they were very helpful to us. The rooms are lovely, modern and minimalist. We would have liked to have had more ability to adjust our A/C, but were completely satisfied with this hotel and would stay there again without hesitation. The location was absolutely great!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gzt
<Content>fair value, good location We stayed 4 nights on vacation. This is a well run comfortable hotel with a great location. Breakfast was included, selection was satisfactory and the presentation inpacable. The room is fair, clean and free wireless internet is provided.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ltancred
<Content>Loved it! I've just arrived back from a long weekend in Barcelona and I definitely recommend this hotel. You couldn't ask for a better location. The lobby and bar were beautiful, but the roof top bar was my favouite- I didn't want to leave it! We found the staff extremely friendly and helpful. A friend joined us a day after we arrived and we both managed to get checked in at 12 o'clock. The staff were able to provide great advice and the bar staff were friendly and fun. The rooms were lovely, exactly the size one would expect from a European city, with loads of nice touches in the bathroom, and very comfortable beds. We were on the first floor, and there was a door somewhere that kept slamming closed which woke us up a lot, but I could live with that. I didn't try the breakfast, but I've been told it was great. Overall, I loved the hotel, I'd certainly stay in it if I return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Fridaysmom
<Content>Somewhat disappointing Based on previous reviews, I had high expectations for this hotel, but have to admit, similar to the previous review, that I was somewhat disappointed with this hotel. The lobby area, dining room and roof-top bar are all very nice, but the rooms are very small! We had even decided to book the 'superior room' as we knew that the rooms were small, but it also was very narrow and the only difference between this room and the standard room appeared to be the addition of a small couch. The width of the room, however, appeared to be similar, which me feel quite claustrophobic. As previously noted, there was little space to get by the t.v. on the wall to the desk area (you actually had to duck down to get by), and the sitting area by the desk was also quite cramped. We did have a small balcony, but couldn't figure out how to open the door. Similar to the previous reviewer, we were given no instructions on the room when our luggage was brought up.We also arrived from overseas around 11 am and were told that because other guests in the room wouldn't be checking out until noon that the room wouldn't be ready until around 2 (or possibly 1 at the earliest). We checked our luggage and tried to entertain ourselves, but after an hour of walking around returned to the lobby in the hopes that we could get into the room early. After listening to rather annoying new wave music for nearly 2 hours, we were finally let into our room at 1:55 pm. I have to admit that I was quite disappointed that no efforts were made to attend to our room to accommodate the fact that we had been traveling all night to get to Barcelona.We had also booked the romantic package, but despite previous reference to red bows and rose petals all we got was a bottle of cava delivered to our room.Positives of the hotel include a great location (close to the Ramblas and to several metro stops), very friendly staff (who helped with restaurant recommendations--including a very good nearby tapas bar), free internet, a good breakfast buffet, and a nice roof-top bar (we did not have a drink there though). I haven't stayed in other hotels in Barcelona so don't know how this compares, but I would not rate this hotel as anything special as compared to hotels that I have stayed at in other major cities around the world.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>TMLA
<Content>Loved EVERYTHING about Hotel Pulitzer       Breakfast buffet  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dlr6067
<Content>Not the luxury expected Arrived Sunday after an early morning flight and a busy Saturday night for the hotel, so as we expected we were not able to check in. We were provided with a map of the city, and we checked our luggage. Unfortunately it was raining, we were exhausted and with little else to do on a Sunday AM we sat in the lobby/lounge for about an hour waiting out the rain. Returned to the hotel at 1 and were told our room was ready. We were brought up to a room right off the elevator, which normally I would have asked to switch from, but we were so exhausted we looked forward to a nap. The bellman brought our luggage behind us, but provided no introduction to the room. Maybe its because we were tired but it took us a minute to figure out the bathroom door was a slider, and that the safe was inside the desk. We pulled the drapes for a nap, and there were little pinprick holes throughout them that let in light; I'm not thinking these were intentional. So much for the soundproof rooms...housekeeping was so noisy right outside our room all afternoon, and there was noise from the street outside, so we were unable to sleep. Then at 7, there was a knock on the door with our cava (we booked the romantic package); apparently room service did not see the do not disturb sign (he did apologize), but we finally gave up trying to sleep. The front desk provided us with a very good recommendation for tapas, and we headed out to enjoy the city. We enjoyed a drink in the hotel's rooftop bar, which is worth a stop, and the bartender was very informative and nice to talk to.  The room was very narrow, as noted by other reviewers, and the bathroom tile was stained to the point that my husband thought it hadn't been cleaned in a while. The breakfast provided a good selection, but all the hot food was cold because they didn't use warmers. All in all, our stay was not up to the level we expected with this hotel being rated best luxury in Barcelona. We stayed at another hotel upon our return to Barcelona a week later, right on Las Ramblas, and found it nicer, a little less expensive and it was actually quieter despite the location.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>star2006
<Content>Friendly hotel - great location I have just returned from a short break at Hotel Pulitzer. I enjoyed every aspect of the hotel - great breakfasts, friendly staff and clean chic room. Corridor carpets need upgrading - they are now looking a little shabby in comparison with the rest of the hotel. I will return - but I would like to be at a higher level away from the street noise next time. Bet Davies, Cardiff  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mrkz
<Content>stylish but no substance The Pulitzer is well located and stylish - as it should be for the priceUnfortunately, the rooms are on the small sideMore importantly, the service we experienced was very patchy -- not good enough at these prices.For just a few examples: The rooms were on two nights not cleaned until afer 5pm even though we had left the room before nine. Asking the staff at front desk to arrange to Fedex a package was a big production, they had little idea what to do. Even worse, a film crew took over the whole lobby and bar area on our last day, and the staff we completely occupied with the chaos. They asked us to wait a few hours to check out, and in the meantime the lobby was unusable to guests. Very disappointing for paying guests.In summary, if style is all you need, great -- but there are better options that are just as cool. We would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>WARRENDEE
<Content>Room to Improve Stayed here for 5 nights in May 2008. Very expensive but wonderful central location. Room very smart and modern though quite narrow for two people. We had a problem with the cable television which failed to work for 4 days despite Reception telling us that it had been fixed then finally admitting that they did have issues with it. Our room was quite chilly in the evenings but the temperture couldn't be raised unles we wanted the air conditioning put in the heating mode permanently.(We needed cooling during the day). You could only have either heating or cooling not changing from one to the other. The breakfast was good value but unless you ate very early the hot food was cold and the cold milk had gone warm. Some of the breakfast and bar staff need cheering up rather than dragging their feet around in oversized shoes looking very miserable. The library summed Hotel Pulitzer up for me, most of the books are fake! It looks fabulous on the outside but needs more attention to detail.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>kirfunk
<Content>Great Hotel       view from balcony  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ggtirevite
<Content>Highly recomended Great location, very close to La Rambla and the Barri Gothic. Had a similar experience to other comments below. Room was not ready by 2 PM as promised earlier, but we were immediately offered free drinks, and the additional wait was about 20 minutes, so we were happy. The room is not really big, but very well decorated in a modern style. There is a great TV, but easy to bump your head against it ... The bed is very comfortableOur barman, Ale's attitude, cited elsewhere as a concern, was great with us. Everyone was very helpful, location is unbeatable, it's a medium-sized property, would greatly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fionakeira
<Content>Can't go wrong For those looking at hotels in this price range let me put to rest, this is the hotel to choose. Outstanding in every area, this small hotel exceeded our expectations. Service, rooms, atmosphere, food and location - one cannot go wrong.I spent time looking for hotels in Barcelona and finally rested with the Hotel Pulitzer because of the reviews on this site and the location. It took us no time to jump onto the Metro, which is a 2 min walk from the hotel, and if you really want to see Barcelona the Metro is the way to go - easy and efficient. But what makes the hotel is the service, the people at the front desk are pleasant and always helpful. Their restaurant recommendations are generally very good and their knowledge of their city is excellent..My wife and I were pleased with the choice and thank the Hotel for their outstanding service.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>katgut
<Content>Stylish -- like a Spanish W Hotel We stayed here for 2 nights in June '08 and had a good experience. The hotel felt exactly like staying at one of the Starwood W hotels in the states -- stylish, central location and nice service.The best part of the hotel is its amazing location right near the Plaza Catalunya which is the nerve center of Barcelona. This alone would have made the stay worthwhile.The hotel itself is stylish with good service. The staff is very friendly and helpful. It also has a beautiful rooftop and very nice bar  restaurant. The rooms are nice but a bit small (typical of urban hotels) and sometimes one gets the feeling that comfort has been a bit compromised for style. For example we couldn't figure out the crazy light dimming options in our room and had our bedside lamps flickering on and off during the entire stay. A bit annoying, but overall not a big deal.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjones8778
<Content>Absolutely fabulous hotel and staff Stayed at the Pulitzer in the end of May and have no complaints. The hotel is in a great location for sightseeing and for just getting around in general. The service is fantastic. The airline lost our luggage on the day we arrived, and the hotel's front desk took care of helping us get it back; they eliminated all stress. The hotel has a partnership with a very good gym down the road, and you can go for free. Comfortable and clean room. I will recommend this hotel to anyone I know travelling to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rwny
<Content>Terrific staff We stayed one night, following a Mediterranean cruise. Location just to the west of the top of Las Ramblas was excellent. The staff were superb - seemingly trying to outdo each other in helpfulness. Room was fine - larger than most we've had throughout Europe. The mattress was REAL hard - the only negative of the stay.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sackville
<Content>Mind your head! This is a good 'boutique style' hotel with a great emphasis on service and design. My only real gripe is that the (small) narrow rooms man that you risk knocking your head on the wall-mounted TV when getting in and out of bed! The location of the hotel is fabulous and the service from check-in and breakfast room staff was superb. There is a lovely roof terrace bar for drinking during balmy evenings, but the staff up there are not as friendly as the others (Waiter called 'Ale' was positively miserable as sin!) And whilst I'm being critical, no the rooms weren't all ready at checkin despite it being after 2:00pm, but the complimentary drinks in the bar, soon helped 'drown' any frustration.I was really sceptical of some of the earlier reviews, but I have to say - look no further when looking for accomodation in Barcelona - this one is hard to beat.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>www.chubbyhubby.net
<Content>Classy Hotel, Great Location I travel at least a week every month, so I see a lot of hotels. I also stay in a lot of boutique hotels. So, I don't get impressed too easily.My wife and I just came back from a one week trip to Catalonia. We spent the first two nights of our trip and the last at the Pulitzer. We liked the hotel a lot. It was chic, smart, clean, comfortable and well-designed.In order, here's what I liked best:1. Location! Right off Plaza Catalonia. Perfect. 10-15 walk to La Boqueria; 5 minute walk to Passeig de Gracia. You could not ask for a better location.2. Polite staff. The staff were all helpful and very charming, even when I was peppering them with dumb questions. I really admired that when my wife and I were waiting on the sidewalk outside of the hotel, for a friend to pick us up in a rented car, the security guy on duty made it a point to stand near us whenever suspicious characters came walking down the street.3. Smart contemporary and not over the top design. I am very sick of over-designed hotels. The pulitzer was classy. The lobby was chic and filled with cool-looking people our whole trip. The rooms, while nowhere near huge (this is Europe after all), were decorated smartly, with nice neutral and earthy tones.4. Smart design touches in the room. The foldaway desk was great since I needed to do some work on the trip but didn't want to be tripping over the desk at other times. The light switches by the beds were well-placed. The bathrooms were well laid-out and the amenities were nice. 5. Price. The hotel gave me a great rate so I couldn't have been happier. I got great value for money. I would stay at the Pulitzer again in a heartbeat. Happy travels!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Boio
<Content>Great I booked a Superior room directly with the hotel (for some reason, this level of room cannot be booked on their website; only standard rooms via the web...). This was based on the reviews describing the small rooms. Sure glad I chose the superior, as any smaller would have been very cramped for two people. As per some other reviews, I agree that the position of the TV on the wall, with almost no clearance between it  the bed is particularly poor design; a definite hazard potentially.Having said all that, I was very glad I stayed at The Pulitzer. After a 26 hour trip from Australia I wanted a room with good noise insulation and good curtaining for light minimisation, and this place delivered the goods. Location is great, staff are friendly. Free internet next door at Hotel Regina, and nearby gym, were used  appreciated by me. Would stay again. I was back in Barcelona later on in this trip  stayed at the Regina Hotel, but went to dinner at Visit restaurant in The Pulitzer; one of the BEST meals I had in Spain! Would definitely recommend eating here.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Jb098451
<Content>Excellent choice I chose the Hotel Pulitzer after reading the reviews from fellow travellers. We stayed for 3 nights from 02/05/08 - 04/05/08 to celebrate my 40th birthday. When we arrived we were upgraded to a Superior room which was a lovely suprise but friends joined us for 2 nights and their room was a standard room and was also lovely.The hotel is very central but also quiet enough not to be disturbed. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have slept in! The decor is smart and stylish and the staff were most helpful and even brought a cake on my Birthday evening.Our only disapointment was the rooftop bar was closed for the duration of our stay. I believe it opened on the day we left but looked delightful.All in all a great experience and I would thoroughly recommend the hotel. We also booked a restaurant  Can Majo for my birthday meal, down at the seaside and were so pleased we had. Fabulous food,ambience etc Try it!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>skyejaden
<Content>Perfection in a perfect city I recently stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer from April 30 - May 7th. I chose it originally through reviews on this site and I couldn't have been more pleased. I am a female who traveled to Spain solo and met a friend there, so I chose it first and foremost on its ease of getting there by myself. It's just literally a minute or two walk to the A1 airport bus which is hands down the best way to get back and forth to the airport.The staff at the front desk were very courteous and kind with my limited knowledge of Spanish. There was a tiny mix up in the bed configuration, but they solved it quickly and check-in was a breeze.I had requested a room with a balcony facing the street and I'm happy that I did. It lets in a nice amount of fresh air. We never found a problem with heat or air conditioning - it was always perfect and easy to control.The beds were very comfortable to me, and the linens were super clean and fresh. The bathroom was extremely spacious with nice touches and amenities. The shower was strong and hot water was never a problem. The whole room was very clean and smelled really nice. The design of it was very pretty with the dark colors and artwork and the flat screen on the wall was a plus, although the channels to choose from were not so great. But I didn't go to Spain to watch TV!While a lot of people have said the rooms are small, this is true but I never felt closed in at all. And Barcelona is a city to explore - not one to stay in the hotel room!! But upon return to it, it was a quiet calm haven to rest in. With two of us there, we didn't feel squeezed in at all. There's a spacious closet in which to place your suitcases and hang clothes.I didn't try the room service or the restaurants, as there are a bounty to choose from right outside the door. But I did get ice at the bar and they were happy to provide a bowl of it! I wouldn't hesitate at all to book this hotel again. It's location is far enough off of the Ramblas to be quiet, and close enough to walk two minutes and have your morning coffee there. It really couldn't be situated any better.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fivestartraveller
<Content>Prizeworthy This was a two-day surprise visit to celebrate our engagement and overall we considered it a wonderful choice. The location is perfect - literally just off Plaza de Catalunia but in a relatively quiet street. The hotel has a more boutique feel with modern, understated decor, a truly fantastic roof terrace with lounge-about chairs, and stylish rooms that, although not huge, are beautifully decorated. The food in the bar was of a very high quality and a reasonable price and staff were always courteous.I opted for the romantic package on the first night and we arrived to find a bow tied around our door, champagne on ice, and rose petals scattered across the bed and in the bathroom - always goes down well with your newly elected fiancee!My only criticism would be that on two occasions the service from staff left a little to be desired - the girl in the restaurant got our order wrong completely (missed one item completely and gave us another dish we hadn't ordered). And on the evening I needed an ironing board I was told one would arrive in the room in 10 minutes. 30 minutes later it hadn't arrived and on phoning I could not get a response. Eventually I went down to reception and was told I would have to carry the ironing board and iron up to my room as they only had one person on reception at that time. Not a major issue but when you're paying four-star prices you perhaps expect a slightly better level of personal service. But then again my experience of Spanish service, in hotels and restaurants, is that they are generally more relaxed than in England, so maybe this slight upset isn't anything to pay much attention. Overall I would recommend the hotel highly - the staff were incredibly friendly and there's a fantastically relaxed atmosphere which really sets you up for your stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Fastbloke
<Content>Excellent Really nice rooms, good breakfast, central location - this hotel was just great. This is one of my favourite hotels that I have stayed in.The rooftop bar is a great place to unwind at night and watch the sun go down.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Syc06
<Content>Good choice A very nice hotel indeed. The room was clean and the staff very handfull and friendly. When I come back to barcelona I will stay there for sure.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>marcik2
<Content>Location and style A beautiful hotel. Artistic decor and a fabulous location - convenient to La Rambla, trains, etc.The room was rather small, but very modern and comfortable. The balcony added some fresh air and space.Rooftop was charming and relaxing. And the food was great.I would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>HarrietSydney
<Content>Adored the Hotel Pulitzer We stayed for 4 nights in April at the beginning of a 3 week trip to Spain - the Pulitzer was fabulous! Great room, although on the small side, friendly helpful service at reception  we LOVED the bar/lounge area. I arrived at around 9.30am after a 25 hour flight from Australia  was warmly welcomed , with an early check-in. I heard about this hotel from a friend,  it lived up to all expectations.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Angie00708
<Content>Great Location Just returned from a four day stay at the Pulitzer. We chose the hotel having read previous reviews and were not disappointed. You could walk straight past the hotel as it is not terribly showy on the outside and inside looks dark but as previous reviews have noted, the theme of the decor throughout is black, chocolate brown and white. We stayed in room 402 which is on the front and has a balcony. Yes the rooms are long and narrow but perfectly adequate. The bathroom is a good size and both bed linen and towels are sparkling white matched by the overall cleanliness of the hotel. We didn't have breakfast having read it was expensive but there must be thousands of cafes, tapas bars etc to choose from all within easy walking distance of the hotel. The lounge on the ground floor is very comfortable with plenty of sofas and we relaxed here a couple of times when it was raining outdoors. We were disappointed the roof terrace was not open - apparently undergoing work but when we went for a 'nose' to see what it was like there was no apparent work taking place. We caught the airport bus (A1) to and from the airport. Good value at 4 Euros and very reliable running every six minutes. the stop is immediately outside the terminal building. However when we got off the bus in Plasa de Catalunya it was quite late and we were not prepared for just how big this square is. If you do catch bus the street you need is opposite where you get off bus in between Habitat (FNAC building) and the BBBV clock tower building. Believe it or not we wondered around for half an hour dragging our suitcases before a kind local lady was able to point us in the right direction. All of the hotel staff we dealt with were very courteous and helpful and are a credit to the management. We didn't need to ask much of them but whenever we had a question they were very responsive. I would stay here again and would recommend the hotel to others. The location is a real asset to the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MSB5
<Content>Stylish with a great location! The Hotel Jazz graciously transfered us here since we wanted to extend our trip and they couldn't accommodate us. Only stayed one night, had 2 rooms, but loved it! Basically same great location as Hotel Jazz! Very nice decor- more stylish! Liked that breakfast was included, it increased the value! We would definitely stay here again! Although we were happy at Hotel Jazz we liked it here even more; but it was also more expensive.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lollipop1975
<Content>Loved the relaxation break at the Pulitzer Hi There,We stayed at this hotel in March we had never been to Barcelona before and I personally think the hotel, location and atmosphere will make me go back there again and again. I cannot remember my room number but our room opened onto a court yard which was lovely. I LOVED THIS HOTEL, I loved having a glass of wine in the lounge in the evening before heading out to dinner. I loved the design of the hotel, the staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast's were really delicious. I told my husband that we would be making this an annual event. I did not want to come home at all. We also got the champagne/Cava and it was a lovely touch. Cannot wait to go back again.... Next year roll on..  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>colleagues
<Content>great little hotel The location of the hotel is excellent. The rooms are nice but somewhat small for the price. However, the bathroom is spacious and comfortable. The decoraton is very dark and we would rather have more lighting, which is the only minor negative remark. The design of the hotel is beautiful and the staff is very helpful. Ask for a room on a high floor with a view to the street.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>decision
<Content>Great Location We stayed here at the beginning of April.We picked this hotel having read the reviews.The best part of this hotel is it's location. It's on a side street, turning left out of the hotel it's less than one minute's walk from Pl. Catalunya and turning right it's less than one minute from a Starbucks cafe.Room : We were not fortunate enough to get an upgrade as others did, so we had the basic room which is quite small width wise without the couch but with one armchair. The television is on the wall facing the bed and every time we passed it we felt we were going to hit our heads. The lighting is very nice and you can dim them if you are in the mood which is a nice touch. There are robes and slippers provided. The bathroom is very nice with nice fluffy towels and shower gel, shampoo and moisturiser provided. There is also a man and woman box which has a toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, etc. but one thing missing is cotton buds which is usually provided in 4* hotels. We booked the romance package which included breakfast and a bottle of cava. For anyone else booking this package, apparently the cava is delivered to the room around 7pm in ice bucket with two champagne glasses. We had to ask when it would be delivered. If we hadn't and only returned to our room late after eating, I would imagine the cava would have been warm at that stage. Our room was on the 5th floor to the back of the hotel which got the sun for most of the day, looked down on the back of the hotel and onto the next street on which C  A is located. There was no balcony but the window doors opened in with a railing outside. If you are to the front of the hotel, there is a very small balcony with standing room only. The street is not very wide and you only get the sun in the evening.Breakfast : This is served until 11am during the week, later at the week-end. It comprises of juices, cereals (no cornflakes), cold meats, cheeses, fresh fruits, scrambled eggs, mini saugages, crispy bacon, bread rolls, bread to be toasted, yogurts, danish pastries and doughnuts.We arrived down for breakfast at 10.30am to see a waitress taking plates of what looked like really nice shortcake cookies, we presumed to a different location in the breakfast room. We soon realised that they were clearing away and these were not available when we would have liked them with our coffee and tea to finish. If you like coffee there's no problem but if you like tea, like me, they bring a cup of warm water and a tea bag. You get the milk from the large jug for the cereal. Most 4* star hotels we have stayed in have teapots and small jugs for cold milk which make it much more user friendly. Pulitzer Management please take note.Restaurant : Not open Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday nights.Having stayed previously in the AC Diplomatic which is a further 5/10 mins away from Pl. Catalunya, We are still undecided which is better overall!!!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>KELor
<Content>A Lovely Hotel! My daughter and I stayed at the Pulitzer for 6 nights. Upon arrival, we were told that our room had been upgraded which was a wonderful surprise! The room, which was immaculate, was long but rather narrow and was in the front of the building. The beds were quite comfortable and had great linens (duvet cover changed every day, etc.) We also had a comfortable sofa. I loved the hardwood floors- they just added to the feeling of cleanliness. We could hear some street noise late at night, but after all- we were in the middle of Barcelona! The bathroom was also very clean. The front desk was pleasant and helpful.The location couldn't be better- we walked almost everywhere, and it helped to be so centrally located. My only complaint was the cost of breakfast at 15 Euros each. This is fine if one wants to have a large breakfast. However, we both were quite ill with food poisoning (we think from some seafood eaten at what we thought was a lovely restaurant down by the water). On our last 2 days, we only ate a roll, butter and tea, and we were told by the server that we still had to pay 30 Euros plus tax- there are no exceptions. I thought this policy was unreasonable. Had we felt better, we would have tried to find another place, but honestly we were too sick. We were also charged 2 Euros to bring a small dish of ice to our room when we were unable to even get out of bed. I know that's only $3, but it was the principle. We tried to have toast sent up one afternoon, which appeared to be a major request. It finally entailed a trip to the front desk to beg, as we were unable to eat anything else. I'd like to think this was due to language difficulties :) All things considered, it was a good trip, and we will probably stay here when we visit Barcelona again- hopefully in the near future.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>LeanneCirencester
<Content>Very stylish Very glam hotel - very stylish. Friendly staff. Great breakfast and really good location - just across the plaza at the top of Las Ramblas. Room a decent size with a large bathroom and excellent shower. Plus, decent toiletries. Only complaint - pricey breakfast and bar.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MaximillianAmsterdam
<Content>Best Option for Barcelona WOW! What a stay in Barcelona's Pulitzer. One of my female collegues was staying in the Pulitzer. I decided to go to the Barcelona Art's hotel; what a dissapointment.After 1 night I decided to switch from the Art Hotel to the Pulitzer! And what a good decision I made!The Pulitzer staff is very friendly; well trainend; polite and willing to do everything they can to make the guests feel at home.The rooms are nice; well decorated; only thing I found a bit disappointment was the view at the back of the hotel. Next time I hope to get a frontroom. The bathroom is nice and most important very clean! Waterpressure from the shower is ok!After all; my best place to stay in Barcelona! 23 of April I'am back for a private visit!!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LyndaCarville
<Content>Great Location Great location, would recommend this hotel for a city break! Just off the Placa Catalunya, but no problems with street noise, the room was fine. A little small, but we didnt spend much time there anyway. We didnt eat in the restaurant and breakfast wasnt included so cant comment! Would go back.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>andyg7
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in a very good location I've just returned home from 4 nights at the hotel Pulitzer. It's the second time I have stayed at this hotel. I made a special request when I booked my room which was carried out perfectly. The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. There is a stylish bar on the ground floor which is great to relax and get a few drinks after a day seeing the sights. There is also a rooftop terrace which we used to soak up the sun and chill out. The rooms are neat, modern and stylish with lots of little touches to remind you that you're in a 4 star hotel. On top of all this the hotel is located in a very good spot 1 minute walk from the Placa De Catalunya. Thanks tripadvisor for helping me choose this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jagian34
<Content>In Love AGAIN with Hotel Pulitzer October 2007 was my first visit to Hotel Pulitzer after arriving from BCN very late on a rainy night; the reception could not have been more accomodating; when I first saw my room, I was a bit disappointed because I wanted a room where I could open the windows and get fresh air; well, asked and received; only comment was that the view was of rooftops; however I had fresh air anytime I wished just by opening the french type doors onto the rooftop; the bar was comfortable and bar personnal friendly and helpful; since I eat very light breakfast I asked for yougurt, fruit, a pastry and coffee and the price was adjusted accordingly; the location was excellent; walk everywhere; I walk with a cane so was grateful Ramblas, double busses, Cortes Ingles, were all well within my walking comfortably range; I am planning to return to Barcelona October 2008 so I searched the internet for more hotels in the general area to see what they had to offer; ; I have to report that in my opinion, I will not find another hotel with the same ammenities and services, personnel and charm so I have booked The Hotel Pulitzer again; my search for the perfect hotel is over; it's the Hotel Pulitzer for me and I have already recommended this hotel to several of my friends who are going to Barcelona this year, 2008. Well done Hotel Pulitzer and I am looking forward to October 2008 and many Octobers thereafter. Muchas gracias amigos!!!!!!!!!!!Betty Ekmanian - Palm Desert, Ca.Jagian34@aol.com  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yorkshiretourist
<Content>Lived up to our expectations We booked the Pulitzer on the strength of the reviews we had read on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed!The hotel is very well situated and handy for the metro and all the major sights. The reception staff were friendly and very helpful at recommending places for tapas etc. The room was small (as we expected from the reviews) but very nice. We were at the front of the hotel but there was very little noise to disturb us. We didn't eat in the restaurant but it looked okay.When we return to Barcelona in the not too distant future we will definitely stay at the Pulitzer again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>PhotoNYC
<Content>Perfect Location  I stayed at Hotel Pulitzer several months ago and found the hotel to be a great value! The hotel is in the perfect location very central to exiample, barrio gottico, barcalonetta, and all other neighborhoods. You can pretty much walk anywhere with in a 1/2 hour. It is 2 block away from Las Ramblas but you would never know it.The rooms are small but very functional and well designed. Dark woods and beautiful white linens with some very funky art deco chairs and desk. The lobby has bolstered sofas in white leather with asian accents and beautiful restaurant, bar and gorgeous roof top bar!!!!!!The staff is extremely efficient and very helpful with out being invasive or over the top. They suggested two very good restaurants that are a must if you are a foodie!!!!! The first was cinc sentis (amazing food!!!!! Lacked ambiance though no back ground music so it was bit uncomfortable) The second was Comerce 24 amazing food with various types of foam and dishes you would never expect or dream up. Make sure you make reservations and you arrive on time..... The Spanish find it very rude if you are late to your reservations.I would definitely recommend Hotel Pulitzer for it's great design, helpful staff, Amazing Location,  affordable price!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jet-Setter-SF
<Content>Better than average artsy hotel I stayed at the Pulitzer for a big conference and chose the hotel solely for the fact that it was the only mid-price hotel available in town. Later I learned it had great reviews on tripadvisor.com, and I was not disappointed.There was some problems with the room: specifically, the lighting controls were weird and hard to manage and master, and oddly the shower head flew off repeatedly when the water was turned on. There was no fix for the lighting, but the hotel quickly fixed the shower head problem. (Nice touch: the shower head was placed high on the wall -- nice for us tall folk.) Another weird issue -- the bar soap was tiny and smelly. I expect more from a high-end hotel.Otherwise, the room was fairly design-y. Dark wood floors, dark wood furniture, and a firm (comfortable) bed. One down-side of the dark wood everywhere was the lack of lighting in or near the closet. I was constantly afraid of leaving something behind in the drawers or on the shelves. The electric outlets in the room for charging cell phones and plugging-in laptops were not easy to reach, but the in-room safe was big enough for my 15 Macbook.Good things about the room: minibar was fairly inexpensive (2,20 euros for water) and free WiFi in the rooms. All rooms in the front of the hotel had small balconies overlooking the street with a view to Placa Catalunya down the street.My Wallpaper* guide to Barcelona mentioned that rooms 306 and 506 had extra space and a leather couch. I can vouch that 406 had the same extra space and couch. Nice and big, but a weird lay out in the long thin rectangular room. However, the fire escape map on the room door showed that most rooms were tiny. Be warned. Ask for one of the bigger rooms. As for the common areas, the bar area looked comfy although I did not take advantage. The breakfast buffet was great and included in my 300 euro room rate, so I can't comment on the value. I did not get room service, but I believe it was 24 hour service.Location-wise, it was quite convenient to Las Ramblas and the #1 underground metro line. And if you have to get to the hotel from the airport and there's a huge line for taxi's, the #17 bus from the airport stops just a block from the hotel (1,40 euros I think). (I usually do take the taxi, but in this case had to find an alternative method of transport!)All in all, I'd go back.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Dominey
<Content>Great boutique hotel 鈥?would definitely stay here again We loved this hotel, very modern, clean and stylish in a great location, just of Placa Catalana. The communal areas with large white sofas are great to relax and sip a cocktail before an evening out. There is also a roof terrace bar that unfortunately was not open in Feb - a good reason to return again in summer! Our room was on the 4th of 5 floors, accessed via a glass elevator with dizzy views down to the bar area. The room was a fair size, not huge but fine for a weekend stay. There was a large bathroom with a deep bath (many hotels I've stayed in Barcelona have only had a shower or half bath) nice robes, slippers  toiletries. We couldn't get the temperature right in the room, it was rather warm throughout our stay - but couldn't be bothered to report it to reception so can't really complain!We had the room service breakfast which was a generous size, we didn't eat in the restaurant - although it looked very nice, with an outdoor terrace - so can't comment on the food.The staff were very helpful, booked us tables at restaurants, laundry and taxis. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wicklowlass
<Content>Nice Hotel, good location,       St Entertainment  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellingBell
<Content>Stylish Decor and a Fab Location! The Pulitzer is in a great central location with stylish decor, great art and friendly staff. Our room was well thought out with everything we needed including a safe. Great breakfast, cool roof top terrace and a bar that does a mean gin and tonic. I was robbed whilst shopping in Barcelona. I got back to the hotel and they helped me cancel my cards and call my consulate, as my passport was in my bag. The staff went out of their way to be helpful and supportive. It was very much appreciated - so thank you. I will definitely be staying at the Hotel Pulitzer again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MxUK01
<Content>oasis This is a really nice hotel, well located in Barcelona, especially for arriving and leaving on the airport bus - only a few minutes dragging suitcases across Placa Catalunya.It's rated as 5 star - I wouldn't give it that - no facility to make a hot drink in the room and - what is it with hotels these days ? shower caps are like gold dust !!! Nice touch with the him and her bathrobes but I'm a small size 10 and the 'hers' was a bit tight.The whole place including the room was very 'boutique' in decor and 'bloop bloop' music , reminiscent of many spa hotels plays in the bar. I liked the man and woman boxes in the bathroom - love little things like that.The staff were pleasant and breakfast was good - and goes on until 12 at weekends ! Forgot to mention - the beds and pillows - are to die for - soooooo comfortable, slept really well despite the excess warmth.I agree with other reviewers that the south facing rooms ( as we had) are HOT and another little nigle was that the shower leaked all over the floor but if we had been really upset we would have reported it.I wanted to look at the roof top terrace but the lift didn't seem to want to go up there - shame, bet the views are brill.Overall - a very good 4 star hotel in Barcelona - bit expensive but good quality. We'd go back.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Respilosa
<Content>Very stylish, good location The Hotel Pulitzer is very aesthetically pleasing. I'm a terrible snob about interior design, but could find no fault with the Pulitzer's tasteful decor. It made me happy.We were given the smallest room, which also had a large pillar blocking the middle of the space, but it was still an attractive, cozy, romantic place to collapse after a long day of walking. At 120 Euros a night, it was also a good enough value not to matter.Our one complaint about the room was the heat. Others have also mentioned it in their reviews of the hotel: the a/c doesn't work in the Winter, but the sun is strong enough on the southern side of the building that our room was unbearably hot unless we kept the windows open all night and the blackout curtains drawn all day. We weren't bothered by traffic noise, but a very light sleeper probably wouldn't do well with open windows. I recommend requesting a room that doesn't face south.The hotel's location off the Placa Catalunya is great for exploring all directions of the city on foot. The hotel bar is a very nice place to relax and have a few drinks. We also had a midnight meal there. The food was tasty, healthy and reasonably priced. The hotel charges 15 Euros for breakfast, but cheap and delicious coffee, xocolata and breakfast is available around the corner just inside the FNAC department store. Perhaps not the prettiest setting, but it's also not at all touristy, it's quick, and they do offer very good quality.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IM_sl
<Content>Great Gem in the Heart of Barcelona Whatever most people said about the Hotel Pulitzer, it's true! I booked the hotel for my Jan trip confidently after reading many great reviews of the hotel and I was not disappointed.The location; at a quiet street off Placa De Catalunya, was a gem. This means safety especially getting back after dark as there would still be many people around. Most Metro and train stops were within easy walking distance including many tourist stops. Port Vell was a leisurely 15 mins walk....The service at the hotel was excellent, they let us check in early when we arrived and greeted us whenever we passed through the lobby. Only gripe was that there was a fresh paint smell which permeated the room when we were there. The doors and walls were also a little too thin, you could hear when your neighbours left or entered the room.All in all, the location and the quality is value for money. Well worth staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>aoifsIreland
<Content>great location Stayed here for 2 nights in Feb 07. The hotel is perfectly located right off the main square. It is nice not to be ontop of la ramblas but near enough to crawl home from if needs be. It is very handy for taxis, metro and the buses to the airport. We did not eat the food there so cant comment. Would definately stay again when travelling to Barca. Make sure and see a match while you are there.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pulitzer01
<Content>Fantastic The hotel was truly great. The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful, the room was very comfortable and quiet and the location was ideal. If you are going to Barcelona, this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kiwimango
<Content>Excellent       Art in the hall  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robhSydney
<Content>Great hotel, great location This is a great hotel in a great location. It's very central for access to all that Barcelona has to offer. It is also has the bonus of being a couple of hundred metres away from the Rambla which can be a bit of a Zoo and very noisy if your hotel is right on it.The rooms were good and the staff friendly and helpful.Breakfast was included in our package and it allowed choice of hot and cold selections so should cater for most.We loved Barcelona and even though it was January the climate was pleasant and not too cold.We looked at a number of hotels in Barcelona before deciding on the Pulitzer and believe it offers very good value for money for the class of Hotel.We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dublindec
<Content>Little Touches Mean A Lot! I was thoroughly impressed with almost all aspects of this hotel, but mainly the staff. Having chosen a trip to Barcelona as a special treat on proposing to my partner, the staff went above and beyond the call of duty. A box of chocolates in the room, a typed letter from the manager and an upgrade to a beautiful room combined to make my stay in the Pulitzer ever the more special.This is how I saw the hotel -Rooms 鈥?As stated we were upgraded to a Superior Room, which contained a beautifully finished bathroom, small lobby type area with leather sofa, nice double bed, and small balcony overlooking Plaza Catalunya to the right. The rooms had a flatscreen panel TV at the end of the bed, came with dressing gowns, slippers, minibar and the previously mentioned bathroom boxes.Hotel Location 鈥?Perfect. Situated on a side street off Plaza Catalunya which is at the top of La Ramblas. A stroll down to the port through La Ramblas would take no more than 15 minutes. Plaza Catalunya is also perfect for Tourist Buses, Tube station etc., being just 150 yards from the door of the hotel.Breakfast - All the usual fare 鈥?cereal, fruit, cold meat, bread etc.. There was also hot items 鈥?bacon, eggs etc..Bar - The hotel bar is extremely 鈥榗ool鈥?and is very much designed to ease you in or out of your night. It has plush sofas, a nice library area and some beautiful wines.Service 鈥?Check in was perfect, the room cleaning exemplary. My only small issue was that the bar staff could have been slightly friendlier. This is an extremely small note, and did not take from the experience.Overall 鈥?Beautifully styled hotel, with an ideal location. Staff (especially hotel manager) showed nice touches which will not be forgotten.Well worth a visit...will return!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A_Curious_Traveller
<Content>Perfect Location for Touring the City       Hotel Pulitzer - Front  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>hapasf
<Content>Winner All Around! My husband and I stayed here at the end of our honeymoon trip for 4 days. It definitely had the best bed out of all our stays throughout Italy and Madrid. They were kind enough to upgrade us and even brought us complimentary cava and strawberries which was a nice surprise. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and nice. Slightly small, but not too bad. It was convenientlly located near the Ramblas and a metro station. We walked everywhere from here. I would definitely stay here again. Definitely great value.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sfjonathan
<Content>Perfect stay at the Pulitzer This was the last hotel on our honeymoon. We wanted a fancy, luxury place.We were not let down.We got upgraded to an amazing room. We were also sent truffles, strawberries, and cava as a welcome.The bed linens were soft, the bathroom welcome kits were clever and handy, and the location was perfect. The staff was great and helpful with every contact.We were happy to come back to this room after a day of siteseeing.I would stay here again. I would still be there if I could!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irishnomad
<Content>Great location but shame about the bathroom This hotel is in a fabulous location for exploring the city. 10 secs from Place de Catalunya. Aerobus and tourist bus leave from/arrive to here so it was more than handy. If you're a shopping fanatic it's also a great area with both Cortes Ingles within feet of each other and Las Ramblas just around the corner. Some great small boutiques down the side streets here.When we arrived we were shown to a smoking room which didn't suit. There were no indications of preferences when booking on the site so we just assumed that it would be non-smoking. We went back down to reception and were given a new room straight away. Although we were asked if we had used anything in the room which I found a bit unnecessary as we had literally been there for 2 mins.Otherwise I found the staff courteous and pleasant.Overall the room was lovely. Great design in some areas and made the most of the space. Bathroom overall was nice but the only thing that let it down was the staining on the marble tiles as mentioned in previous reviews. The thing is that the bathroom was spotless otherwise but the staining probably looked worse that it actually was. I'm sure there's some kind of cream to improve this.....The new room we were given unfortunately didn't have the view of the previous one of the side street. Instead it looked out over the main street and the breakfast room/terrace. The main street was quite noisy but you soon got used to it. Also you could hear the odd peep from the other rooms and the hall especially when they were wearing heels!Breakfast was good. No complaints here. Room was nice and bright and terrace was lit up at night. It was while we were here that we realised where the music was coming from which woke us up each morning when we had the door open. Not great but we were getting up anyway.Lobby very nice too. Lovely rioja and great atmosphere.One of the only times I've had room service in a hotel and it was fantastic! We had the burgers and they were just what we wanted. Recommended if you're feeling a little tired and can't be bothered to go in search of food.I would stay here again but I would ask for a room on the other side of the hotel as to avoid street and breakfast noise and I would also hope that they had found something to improve the tiles in the bathroom just for appearances sake.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Lexicles
<Content>Fantastic value I stayed at the Pulitzer in December 07. Considering it's location and style I thought it was fantastic value for what I paid. Rooms are a little small but very comfortable and clean and the bathrooms are well equipped with lots of little extras. We didn't eat in the hotel but did have drinks at the bar which were excellent quality (especially the wine) and very well priced. Quite a stylish hotel, small, fashionable and discreet, and brilliantly located just off Plaza Catalunya. Probably not what you'd want for a family but for girls shopping trip (us) or weekend away it would suit the bill very well.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kipabelson
<Content>The Pulitzer is a winner! We stayed at the Pulitzer over the Christmas holiday. Above all, the location of the hotel is utterly fantastic. You are 50 yards from Placa de Catalunya where every mode of transportation is available. And, a whole bunch of interesting streets, shops and restaurants are within walking distance from there. The service at the hotel is outstanding and very accommodating. Every question that we asked was answered with enthusiasm and if the answer was not immediately known, they followed up on all of them. Our room was very small but pretty stylish. Despite the small room, the bed was a generous queen sized and extremely comfortable. The plumbing and climate control definitely needs work. The shower was so hot on some occasions that if we actually had gone under the water we probably would have burned ourselves. And since the air conditioning had been turned off for the winter, the room initially was very warm. However, when we told the desk about that, they shut off the heat in our room and by opening the window near the bed, the room was very cool and comfortable. My only real complaint about the hotel was the bar. Again, the bar area is very cool and stylish, but we were charged three different prices for the same drink order on different occasions. I thought the food in the city was pretty good, but there is no question in my mind that tapas is the way to go. And, there is no shortage of tapas restaurants. One of our favorites was on Avenida de Catalunya and was called Cuitat Comtal. It was a really fun and active place. Great tapas. Try the cuttlefish if it is available. And the white anchovies are great. Overall, Barcelona and the Hotel Pulitzer are great.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Writer/Director
<Content>Great location, comfortable, but...       View from the nicer room  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>CaminoGirl
<Content>Wish I could live in Hotel Pulitzer       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>verdebug
<Content>Great stay in Barcelona       View from balcony  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>R0bbie
<Content>Super hotel in a perfect location What a wonderful place to stay in Barcelona. We will definitely be back to the Pulitzer.The hotel staff were so helpful and friendly and able to answer our questions. Excellent help behind the bar with great suggestions of what to do and eat nearby.A most comfortable, livable and well designed room. Though normal European size, it seemed to go on and on. Lots of storage space, great bathroom with fascinating 'Man' and 'Woman' treat boxes! Even a step out, sunny balcony.Location, location! It seems that so many wonderful things are close by (Plaza de Catalunya, La Rambla, Barri Gotic) and with the T/10 ticket for the Metro, so is the rest of Barcelona.Once again, TripAdvisor steered us to the right place.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Debster56
<Content>Wonderful break My boyfriend and I have just got back from our 3 night stay at the Pulizter, staying in such a lovely hotel made the break so special.The hotel is in a great location for exploring the city. Within a 2 mintute walk you are on Plaza de Catalunya/La Rambla/Passiege de Gracia, with all this comes taxi ranks, bus stands and the metro.The staff at the hotel are lovely and courteous from the restaurant staff to the reception staff who helped us in making restuarant resverations and checking on times for local attractions. The guy on reception even offered to bring us hot water when the boiler was down ( it is December I suppose and nothing is guaranteed) for a few hours on the Sunday. The room was lovely! The bed was huge, plenty of hanging space, although a few more hangers won't have gone amis (but you can't have everyhting I suppose!). The bath was fab with lovely complimentry shower gels and Man and Woman boxes are a great idea! The only complaint I have is that the room seemed to be slightly cold during our stay even though we turned the thermostat up to the highest settingApart from this, we had a wonderful stay and will forcefully recommend this hotel as a must stay to my friends and my parents who are visiting Barcelona this year.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nynygator
<Content>A Fantastic Hotel Near Everything I had a great stay for 5 days at the Hotel Pulitzer in Barcelona. Location was perfect and on a nice quiet street near all of the great tourist locations and local neighborhoods. The lobby/check-in was easy and quick. Very friendly and also provided map/guidebook when I checked in. Very nice touch.Room was great, comfortable beds, good water pressure and clean. Even though the rooms are not huge, it was quiet and comfortable. Even a balcony to open and get fresh air and step outside.For my first trip ever to Barcelona, it was a great choice and provided a great place to stay in a wonderful city. Definitely would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gigi_glasgow
<Content>Pulitzer Prize! My boyfriend and I stayed for a couple of nights for his birthday. We couldn't have picked a better hotel, the location is great; close to the metro and walking distance to all of the sites. The room has some lovely design touches, I really liked the modern art. Only one complaint, the bathroom floor could have been a bit cleaner. The bar area is great for a comfy night cap, great Cosmo's!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olafuraj
<Content>perfect Me and my wife came from Iceland to Barcelona to celebrate her birthday and chose the Pulitzer. From now on this is our hotel in Barcelona. I booked a romantic/celebration stay and it was perfect, from a bottle of Cava waiting in our room which was spacious and welcoming to booking a perfect meal at Quatre Gats restaurant. When we came back from the meal a hot bath was waiting for my wife with cava, strawberries and chocolate and the room decorated with roses, perfect. Front desk and all staff was perfect, they organised a masseuse to come to our room for a deep and relaxing massage for my wife. We will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobseylala
<Content>Excellent Front of House Team A group of us stayed here for a friends 40th Birthday in December. Great location, excellent front office team, especially Amanda, great bar. The rooms were on the small side and if I stayed again would book a superior as these were bigger. The lighting in the bedrooms and bathrooms does need improving as not easy to do make up in poor light. Overall we had a great weekend  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bridgechick
<Content>Excellent Hotel A group of us spent a lovely weekend at the Pulitzer at the end of November. We chose it based on previous reviews, and we were very happy with the hotel. Location is ideal - just off Placa Catalunya and near the top of Las Ramblas (but not so near as to be noisy!)The reception staff were excellent, helping with restaurant and taxi reservations. The bar area is very comfortable - they even provided a cake and a complimentary bottle of cava when they discovered one of our group was celebrating a birthday. Our room was spotless with very comfortable beds and a stylish bathroom. Very nice breakfast - but you could easily go to the market on Las Ramblas or to a cafe and save a bit of money if you wanted to.Barcelona is a great city for a weekend. We loved the tapas bars. For something a little different, try the gourmet guided walk which takes you round some of the oldest cafes, bars and food shops in Barcelona- book at the tourist office in Placa Catalunya.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steph2727
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at The Pulitzer for 2 nights prior to our cruise. We were able to check in at 9:00am which was great. Room was a nice size and bathroom was also very large. Loved the sink. I thought the women and Man toiletries were kind of silly. Beds were comfortable and room was very quiet. We did have a problem with the lights as they flickered but we just turned them off. The TV seemed a little small and could have been placed higher on the wall. Closet space was very good and they had a safe in the desk. The gizmo to open the balcony door was hard to use. I imagine that due to child safety there is no handle on the door. The hotel is in a great location next to the Regina with Starbucks on the end. Front desk was very cheerful and friendly. The lobby area was very nice and the candles at night were a nice touch. Would definitely consider staying at The Pulitzer when we return to BCN.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarrieO22
<Content>Loved the Pulitzer - Will Definitely be Back! Hotel Pulitzer is a lovely hotel. The staff is extremely helpful and the rooms are clean and a pretty big size for Europe. The bar in the hotel is very nice with great wine. It is a fantastic place to hang out before dinner and we met some really nice people there. The hotel is also in a great location. Close to everything but far enough away from the real craziness.The only small complaint is that there was no extra blankets in the room and I woke up a little chilly one night but that is a very little criticism during an awesome three night stay. A special note 鈥?they had the nicest toiletries available that I鈥檝e seen in a hotel. They have separate boxes for men and women. It鈥檚 adorable. I plan on going back to Barcelona soon and when I do, this is the hotel I plan to stay in.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Escapefromthedesert
<Content>Highly recommended I stayed at the Pulitzer after a cruise. I found the hotel charming. It has a great decor. The front desk was friendly and helpful. We arrived at 730A and they did all possible to get an early checkin. The bell staff was very helpful The room was large and had a couch. The bed was very comfortbalbe and nicely decorated. The shower had a powerful stream. They have an excellent Plasma televison. We had a great view of the street. The location is great as it is at the northern tip of Las ramblas. I highly recommned taking the tourist bus around the city which is on the Plaza Catyluna which is outside the front door of the hotel. The tourist bus stop is just a short walk away. The airport bus is next to the tourist bus. Both, great deals. The hotel does not have coffee in the room and does not offer service till 700A. That would be the only draw back. They failed to tell us that if you go down to the lobby you can get a cup of coffee before 7. Since, it is a boutique property it didn't offer a gym facility. I had booked a great rate, but the dollar was taking a beating at this time. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LucyDell
<Content>Beautiful Boutique Hotel We booked a 2 night weekend stay on LastMinute.Com and chose the Pulitzer Hotel from the good write ups from Trip Advisor.All I can say is dont even worry about looking at other Hotels. The Pulitzer is PERFECT.Great LocationFriendly StaffStunning RoomsBrilliant ShowerThe finishing touches make it really specialPerfect for a weekend break away.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mark_Bristol
<Content>Very nice hotel My fiancee and I stayed at the Pulitzer for three nights in November. We were really pleased with the hotel, it's location and the trip overall.The rooms were of a high standard, tastefully decorated and very clean. All the other areas of the hotel were the same, nicely laid out, modern, and clean. We really liked the bar area, which was great for a few drinks before heading out at night.We found the staff helpful and polite and there was absolutely no language barrier. If we asked anything of them they did it straight away and you definitely felt they were on the ball.The location is perfect, just off Placa Catalunya, meaning that it was near the Metro, the buses, the Airport bus pick-up point, and obviously Las Ramblas. Being on a relatively quiet street meant that there was no crowd, disco, etc., noise at night. The only noise would be in the morning with the occasional car horn and rubbish collection lorry, but it wouldn't be Barcelona without that.I would highly recommend this hotel as we couldn't find anything wrong with it at all. We will definitely be staying at the Pulitzer next time we are in Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KatAmsterdam
<Content>Best Boutique Hotel Really great hotel. Friendly helpful staff. Excellent bar. Trendy decor. Rooms are well fitted out, beds comfortable, cool bathrooms. Good value for money. Location is perfect, within walking distance of all major attractions and Metro stations. Loads of nice shops close by.Would recommend this hotel to anyone and will go back again myself.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cafoodie2
<Content>Loved the Pulitzer I loved the Pulitzer! I read the reviews, looked at their website and booked it. It was clean, modern, and comfortable. We loved that it was on a semi quiet street and close to everything. The desk clerk who checked us in wasn't very friendly, but the other staff members were fabulous. One clerk provided us with dinner suggestions of places he frequents and asked about it when we returned. Loved the internet access next door and really enjoyed the roof terrace.My next trip to Barcelona will most certainly be at the Pulitzer.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NeilandBarbara
<Content>Very modern hotel with good postion Stayed for one night yesterday on buisness. Very modern, obviously recently renovated hotel in spot on location next to the Ramblas.Hotel room small, fairly typical of a city centre. Very modern fitments and everything you required. Great flat screen TV, mini bar, digital safe. Cool bathroom and a great selection of cosmetics. His and hers kit - Nice touch. I also found the room hot and cold not cool it down , but after some tapas and a fine red, I slept fine.Good points - perfect loacation. Very modern. Typical smallish city room, but very well appointed.Bad. Non working AC.Yes I'd recommend it. Reasonably priced for the location. Very modern. Overall better than many I 've stayed in.N  B  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mmctrip
<Content>Overall A nice hotel I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in November. Upon arrival you are given an excellent book of tourist routes and restaurant reviews by the staff . This was very helpful. I had a room on the 4th Floor with two twin beds pushed together. The room was long and narrow with a nice bathroom (bath/tub combo). The toiletries were very nice (shampoo etc, nice creams (face and foot) and toothpaste/brush). There was a plasma TV and minibar. The bed was very comfortable. I did find the hotel very clean. The location was great. It is at the top of the Placa de Catalunya so it is close to the sites and to the aerobus. I was able to walk along the Paseo de Gracia at night for tapas and during the day I headed south to enjoy all the great sites. The Bus turistic is right by the hotel (a minute or so). I did not eat at the restaurant as I preferred a small breakfast so cannot comment on the restaurant. With respect to the noise issue mentioned by other posters, the room did face the courtyard where the bar is located. There was some minor noise from the bar (plates being stacked) but not enough to bother or keep me awake. After a certain time in the evening it was clear that the staff were making every effort to be quiet. If you are a light sleeper you could request a room away from the courtyard but quite frankly I was so tired from all the sightseeing and I confess the great food/wine in Spain that I fell asleep right away! The only issue I had was that the safe in the room did not work. To be fair the staff at the front desk called the technician right away and it was replaced the second day while I was out and I was able to store my passport etc for the rest of my stay. I would recommend this hotel to those wanting a nice, clean central hotel in this beautiful city.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>harriat
<Content>Most horrible of vacation! After reading other reviews, we selected the Pulitzer using Booking.com. We booked a double with breakfast for one night. On arrival, we were taken to the smallest room in the whole hotel which we were assured would be quiet. This room could never have been intended for 2 people of any persuasion. We literally had to move the chair in order to get to the doorway. We were told there were no other rooms available.The disaster was later. The air/heat did not function. It was cold outside, but HOT in this room. We could not open the window, due to the noise outside from Playa Catalunya, even though we were told this room was quiet. With the window closed, the parties went on until about 4:00 am and this was a Wednesday night. The dry hot evening was unbearable.The breakfast included was just OK.Conditions in the hotel are not good. Paint was gashed all over the place and it generally did not appear to be clean. The staff were pleasant.We would not book again in any season!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>gettingthere-7
<Content>Fab Hotel Only back today ,Was my first visit to barcelona,birthday surprise for my partner so i was very keen to get a good hotel and boy i wasnt dissapointed.We arrived early and room wasnt quite ready,so we left our cases with very helpful gentlman at reception and headed to hard rock for lunchWhen we got back we were allocated our room immediately,room was a lot more spacious than i thought it would be,all rooms have balcony,lots of wardrobe space,well stocked mini bar,lots hot water,very comfy bed,bathroom sets with razor,toohbrushes,footcream,combs,tissues etc were nice,i really really missed that there was no kettle in room,and my only complaint was that water in restaurant was not hot enough for tea,yet it was in bar,all staff were extremely helpful,without been intrusive and very friendly.would i stay here again ...YES without a doubtwould i recommend to best friend,DEFINITELYkeep up good work pulitzer  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Valleygirl
<Content>Really Loved the Pulitzer       Huge flowers in reception  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>civetta11
<Content>Impressive service (and patience!) by Reception Manager Stayed for 3 nights prior to Mediterranean cruise, booked Superior room for parents and Standard twin room for brother  myself. For the Standard room we were allocated a room with handicap facilities (we were told the hotel sells this room as a standard room). We were offered another room where the 2 single beds were placed close together with a gap of no more than 4 inches, which isn't the most convenient for adult brother  sister. We were shown another room which also had the 2 single beds close together, but we appreciated being offered the choice. In the end, the Reception Manager suggested to move the bedside table in between the 2 beds and even moved the furniture himself with the help of a junior staff. All was sorted within minutes. A good selection of breakfast is offered in the airy, bright room of the restaurant. Location of hotel is excellent, close by Plaza Cataluyna/ Ramblas. The hotel arranged for a flamenco dinner show (surprisingly good) for us one night and a private city tour with an exceptional English-speaking guide. All in all, an excellent stay and highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jade97
<Content>Loved this hotel.       single room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>raha38
<Content>Wonderful! What a fantastic hotel!! Clean, trendy, smart, relaxing, excellent staff who were polite, friendly and keen to help, gorgeous food (breakfast spread is amazing - make sure you're hungry).I can't rate this hotel highly enough! I'll be sure to return. Not cheap but worth every penny:-)  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travellers286
<Content>Excellent stay. My partner and I stayed at the Pulitzer for three nights in September, having booked on the basis of favourable Tripadvisor reviews.We were very satisfied with all aspects of our stay at the Pulitzer. The rooms are of a reasonable size for a European hotel, and are decorated in a modern, stylish blend of white and earth/stone colours. The room was spotlessly clean, the bedding very comfortable, and the bathroom was very attractive and functional.We particularly enjoyed the evening views from rooftop terrace bar, although unfortunately this closed for the season on 1 October. We didn't dine in the hotel restaurant, which was closed for evening meals during our stay, but the hotel is superbly located in the heart of Barcelona and there are countless restaurants in the surrounding streets. We found the Pulitzer's staff to be helful and professional.Barcelona is a wonderful, vibrant place, and we would happily stay again at the Pulitzer if returning to the city.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jteegar
<Content>An unplesant stay My girlfriend and I stay in this hotel after returning from a 12 days cruise and were truly disappointed. I had booked this hotel because it was Trip Advisor's 2006 Top Pick. Although I had contacted the general manager and asked for an early check in, we waited until about 1:00 before we were able to check in. We found the lobby to be very shabby and when finally showed to our room there was construction on our floor (which was never disclosed when I contacted the general manager about early check in) The room was especially small, the beds (twins) were pushed up against the window, what I thought was a balcony room ended up overlooking the top of other buildings and the room was really narrow which I understand is typical of European hotel rooms but this was beyond small. The bathroom was so narrow that you couldn't fit two people in it, although that would have been difficult since there was only one sink which kept clogging up. The resturant was not open for dinner and didn't open until 2:00 for lunch, so we were forced to find something else. Although the staff was helpful there seemed to be a lot of confusion when we asked for help. I confirmed out flight for the next day, but found out later, after we arrived at the airport four hours early, that the reservation had changed. We stayed in another hotel the first night we arrived in Barcelona and that was a wonderful experience and were disappointed that this was the way we ended our trip. The most laughable thing was that they allowed one kleenex for two people in a little sample box marked for women, guess the men don't need kleenex. The lights were difficult to figure out, the noise level up to about 6:00 pm was really loud. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It was truly a disappointment.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>CumbrianTourist
<Content>Highly recommended hotel We stayed four nights at the hotel as tourists and thoroughly enjoyed our visit. It is in a great location just off the Placa Catalonia. Although very central we found the hotel quiet and were not disturbed by noise at all. We ate one meal in the hotel restaurant which was very nice. We found all the hotel amenities very satisfactory and the staff very professional and helpful. We would definately recommed this hotel and would stay there again if we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andrewkoto
<Content>Great Location for a Fun City       Entering the room  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mruts
<Content>OK hotel, great location I booked the Pulitzer on their Website, after reading the reviews here. It is in a terrific location, on a safe street just steps off the main plaza. We had some minor problems, though. Our first room had non-functioning air conditioning and a dirty toilet. The staff switched us to another room that evening, which had the best shower I've ever experinced in Europe, except that it didn't drain, almost to the point of flooding the bathroom. That was fixed the next day, so the staff did their best for us. We found the stylish recessed spotlights throughout the hotel to be quite dim, especially entering the hotel from the sunny street. We loved Barcelona, and although I'm not sorry we stayed at the Pulitzer, I'd try another hotel next visit.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>GlenOakwell
<Content>Absolutely Incredible Hotel We were originally booked to stay at the Olivia Plaza, but upon arrival told that there was a problem with our room and an alternative hotel would be found. We were initially disappointed with this news and on the short walk around Playa de Catalunya the desk manager tried to ease our irritation by insisting the hotel we were going to was better. He was NOT wrong! The Hotel Pulitzer is a wonderful hotel.I have stayed in numerous 4/5 hotels throughout europe, but never had the kind of personal and friendly service we enjoyed at this hotel. The hotel is well laid out with an adequate reception area leading onto both the main restaurant and bar with a central full height atrium over the latter. The service in both the restaurant and bar was excellent.We both felt the room well thought out and comfortable. At times we spent an hour or two on the roof terrace or in the beautiful lounge area. This part of the hotel is very relaxing with a modern feel.We cannot express enough how friendly and professional the staff were and will be booking a stay for June 2008 shortly. We look forward to visiting this beautiful city and staying in an hotel that does it justice. If there was a category for 6 stars I would have ticked it!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SisterMargaret
<Content>Briallant hotel 5 friends on a break - I booked with the hotel directly via their website and must praise Noemi who was able to answer all my questions. The hotel is modern but yet the foyer, reception and bar area is full of atmosphere. Agustine in the bar is a lovely, mannerly young fella and nothing is any problem.The hotel sets high standards in respect of housekeeping and the staff are all extremely friendly. When I return to Barcelona I will definitely stay at the Pulitzer and have no reservations of recommending it to others.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shinobirastafari
<Content>An excellent hotel - perfect for a Barcelona stay We loved everything about the Pulitzer. We made two separate visits during our trip to Spain. Both rooms were beautiful, the staff was helpful, all services worked according to plan, the restaurant and bar were excellent. The rooms were (in our opinion, but we're from SF) spacious, particularly the bathrooms. An extra bonus point for geeks out there: the WiFi service actually worked -- at all times!The location made it easy to get around Barcelona, being a 2 minute walk to the Metro, and/or providing easy cab access. It is refreshing to see an expensive hotel actually meet or exceed all expectations. This hotel would be our first choice if we returned to Barcelona, and we highly recommend it to anyone visiting the city.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>billingw
<Content>A fine experience Our room was nicely appointed with very nice linens and very clean. The stone bathroom sink and floor looked a little tired and were the only parts of the room that needed attention. The desk staff was excellent. The lobby lounge was beautiful. The location is outstanding: one block to Aerobus and one block to La Rambla, both of which touch the Plaza Catalunya.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ruienc
<Content>Good, but very noisy I booked the Pulitzer based on Trip ratings, and while many aspects of the hotel were in fact as described there was a big issue for someone that was looking for a long weekend with no kids crying and awaking up in the middle of the nightWe booked the romantic package. At check in we kindly asked if we could get a quiet room, we were told by Andrea that the room was quiet, but it wasn't... the 102 room in the 1st floor was right over the hotel bar so you can imagine the noise at night. On top of that the vaccum cleaner used in the morning is sufficiently power to wake up all guests in the flooor it is being used... Apart from that that was very important for us, all other aspects were ok, just to mention some: - location couldn't be better, and the decor is great- breakfast was closed to perfect- Andrea gave us great tips about directions + restaurant tips- room was very modern and clean (but somewhat narrow)To cut a long story short it is a very nice hotel if you are not looking to sleep much, or to sleep at all...Nothing that a double door between bathroom and room couldn't solve for the rooms located in the lower floors above the bar...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jessjames
<Content>Great Location, very modern We had a two night stay here in August. Very modern rooms and bathrooms but nice and comfortable. TV is hung on the wall and could tend to get in the way. We had a room on the street with doors opening to a small balcony. Being on a side street it was very quiet and yet was only 2 minutes walk to the Placa Catalunya and down Las Ramblas. Staff were very helpful. We were able to leave our bags there when we checked out and were surprised to find an additional bag with them when we picked them up. We had left our jackets hanging in the wardrobe!There is a lovely rooftop bar but it is rather expensive as is the bar downstairs and the restaurant. If you want internet access you have to go to the hotel next door. All in all a nice place to stay though and I would defintely go back.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CarbonOffset
<Content>Good Location, Great Service We booked this hotel for a conference trip after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. The reviews were accurate - the hotel staff were the best I have encountered in a long time. They were helpful at all times, were able to recommend restaurants and bars to suit us and our plans, gave accurate directions, lent us an iron and ironing board, and kept the rooms and common areas very clean.The location of the hotel is excellent - it is a short walk to Las Ramblas and the Barri Gotic, a moderate walk to the shopping in L'Eixample, a department store/supermarket (El Corte Ingles) is within 3 minutes, and the metro line to the CCIB conference centre runs from Passeig de Gracia station, about 5 minutes walk away.As we were there on business, computer facilities were important. Wireless internet is free in this hotel. We were able to use the printers in the Hotel Regina next door.The room was long and narrow compared to other hotels, but there was enough space. The desk is only a fold down door on the cabinet in the room corner. There is a room safe. Many of the rooms open onto the atrium that stands above the lobby bar. This was noisy on the weekend night only, until about midnight. The front door of the room did not block out noise of the cleaning staff or neighbour's doors opening, but we have had similar (and worse) problems in other hotels in Barcelona.Breakfast cost 15 euros. I ate at one of many cheaper cafes nearby.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Canada_One
<Content>Pulitzer OK - But Poor Housekeeping I booked the Pulitzer based on Trip ratings, and while many aspects of the hotel were in fact quite good, there was a couple of things that cause me to rate as only average. To details.We booked a superior room, which does in fact have quite a bit more space than a regular room. All rooms are somewhat narrow and long. The nice flat screen TV's are mounted at the end of the bed, but you have to duck around it to access the other side of the bed.Best part of the Pulitzer is the decor, which is very hip and cool. Our room had great artwork very nicely framed and presented. It also had a great huge sliding door from the room to the bathroom, which had a very modern feel with full natural stone sink, floors and such. A nice leather couch was part of the superior room layout.Only downside was either due to poor selection of stone for the bathroom, or poor cleaning, hard to tell which. Unfortunately the lovely bathroom sink area had round glass stains all over it, and the floor had many water spot stains by the tub. This marred what could have been a true 4 star hotel room. There was also what looked like coffee spill stains on the wall by the bed. This could all have been easily fixed by a coat of paint and buffing of the stone in the bathroom.The lobby and bar on the ground floor is very nice, with white leather everywhere and a nice feel to the place.The location of the hotel was perfect for sighseeing in Barcelona, and just off the major thoroughfare enough so that noise was not an issue. Other than the bed being too hard for my liking (my wife loved it), sleeping was no problem at all. Other than Andrea, who was exceptionally helpful, unfortunately the rest of the front desk staff was clueless when it came to assistance. One desk member suggested a cab was necessary to get to a restaurent that was clearly only a 10 minute walk down one of the largest and most travelled streets in the city. The front desk staff seemed very young, and not very well trained. My advice is to seek out Andrea for recommendations and assistance. Although the Pulitzer was good value to money, and had a great location and many positives, I would look for something else next time I was in Barcelona. This is mainly due to the unfortunate staining of the bathroom surfaces and the walls. This is really not acceptable for a 4-star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	5	-1	

<Author>johnSomersetEngland
<Content>Impressive service I chose the Hotel Pulitzer for a 4 night break after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed.I had booked a superior executive double but on arrival there had been some problem and the room was unavailable, so for the first night of our stay we were given a free upgrade to a suite, with a complementary bottle of Cava thrown in for the inconvenience,The suite was fabulous but so hightech that even the bath and shower needed a tutorial before it could be used. The TV was defunct but an immediate replacement was installed.Back to earth ton the second day to the room we had booked, which again was of a very high standard and this time with more familiar bathroom fittingsThe staff from the duty manager to the bellboy were extremely helpful throughout our entire stay, and are deserving of the highest praise for their cheerful courtesy  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gemsy23
<Content>loved the pulitzer a modern, very clean hotel in a superb location close to all the cities attractions. the buffet breakfast was of a very high standard and the staff were all extremely helpful. would recommend and stay here again  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Esther71
<Content>Wonderful hotel I booked three nights at The Pulitzer at the end of September to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. After reading other reviews about this hotel, I was expecting something special and this is exactly what we found. The hotel and room decor is modern and fresh, and the room and bathroom well appointed and kept very clean. I cannot begin to tell you how comfortable the bed was - such a surprise for a hotel. The breakfast offers a number of options including toast, cereal, pastries, cold meats and fruit. The roof top terrace is a lovely place for a pre-supper drink and the bar/library is a great area for relaxing after a long day sightseeing. We didn't get to try the restaurant, but did have some bar food which was very good.The hotel location is very central and perfect for a first time stay in this lovely city. All in all we couldn't fault the hotel or it's amenities. However, what made the stay really special was the hotel staff. Everyone we met was helpful and courteous, and nothing was too much trouble. We were especially touched when the General Manager organised a cake and a bottle of bubbly for my husband's birthday, from the hotel. I can honestly say that we have never stayed anywhere where customer service is given such a high priority.Thank you again to all the staff at The Pulitzer for making our stay so memorable.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ultonian
<Content>wonderful celebration I picked this hotel due to the reviews on this site. Amazingly all my expectations were met and more.We spent 3 nights at the Pulitzer and it was wonderful. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was included and great. We enjoyed a beautiful meal in the restaurant and were disappointed that it only has limited opening. This is a wonderful boutique hotel; the rooms are a bit small but wonderfully laid out, decorated and maintained. The roof top terrace is fantastic for relaxing in the late summer/early autumn evenings.My wife and I can fully recommend the romantic celebration. It was a bit of fun which added to the celebration of our 20th wedding anniversary. It is a lovely touch and well worth the small charge.While we did have a problem, the staff and management worked to resolve it and in the end we were satisfied with how it was handled.Overall this is an excellent hotel and I cannot recommend it highly enough; location, cleanliness, quality, all in all a wonderful base from which to enjoy Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Melon7777
<Content>Loved the Pulitzer We stayed at the Pulitzer for 2 nights at the beginning of August with our 3 teenage children. We booked because of the great reviews on TA so I just wanted to write in and say it really was as great as everyone says it is. We had 3 lovely rooms next door to each other with views of the street. We all loved the smart modern decor and everyone slept really well. We ate in the restaurant both nights and the food was very good - the breakfast had plenty of choice too. The reception staff were very helpful and ordered 5 seater taxis for us (most taxis only seat 4) and the location of the hotel was perfect for sightseeing.We have told all our family and friends what a lovely hotel it is and we would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RedBook21
<Content>Fabulous, Fabulous, Fabulous!!! I can not say enough about Hotel Pulitzer. It was perfect in everyway. The room was stylish, clean and quiet. The beds were comfortable. The location was central and had easy access to all of the tourist attractions. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The roof top terrace was extremely nice and a great place to grab a drink and the end of the day. As well, don't miss the restaurant. We ended up there after getting lost going to another place. The steak was one the best meals that I had on the entire trip.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GTaylorNYC
<Content>A Strong Recomendation Dear Fellow Travellers:Greetings -- please see the letter below, which I wrote to the owner/president of the Hotel Pulitzer and which describes a recent incident my girlfriend and I encountered on the road to Barcelona and how the people at this hotel made a very bad situation much better. We are frequent travellers but have never encountered a hotel quite like this one, which is why I am posting this letter for everyone's benefit (my first posting ever). Happy trails! G TaylorSeptember 25, 2007Dear Mr. Roig: Please forgive us for not speaking Spanish.On June 21 of this year, we were attacked by bandits on the interstate just outside of Barcelona . The thieves cut our tire, held us up, and stole my girlfriend鈥檚 purse containing her passport, wallet, credit cards, cash, and irreplaceable personal items. One of the worst experiences of either of our lives.We quickly rushed to the nearby toll booth to call the police, but were told by the attendant to go to the police station in the city square. We parked the car close to the square and frantically ran into the Hotel Pulitzer to ask to use their phone to cancel our credit cards and to ask directions to the police station. As you could imagine, we were very shaken up and very emotional, especially as neither of us had ever been robbed before. Mr. Luis Carasa and Mr. Jose Sanchez calmly and professionally asked what had happened to us, and then allowed us to use the hotel鈥檚 staff phones to cancel our credit cards, free of charge and undisturbed. They also brought us refreshments and helped us to calm down. Mr. Carasa and Mr. Sanchez then offered to allow us to stay in the hotel at a special rate (we learned later that this took some juggling). This was both of our first time to Barcelona, and the mugging is an isolated event, but the kind actions of your Mr. Carasa and Mr. Sanchez afterwards went a long way to make such a bad occurrence better. They both went out of their way to help us in our time of need. We are both very grateful to these two gentlemen and the Hotel Pulitzer for the kindness and exemplary service we were given during such a bad situation. Mr. Carasa and Mr. Sanchez are a shining example of the many good things about Barcelona , and because of their actions, we would gladly return to Barcelona and would gladly stay in your hotel again (but where else?).Sincerely,G Taylor and J Sander  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>I'mcomingback
<Content>Expectations exceeded I found the Hotel Pulitzer here on TA. It seemed to be in the perfect location for exploring Barcelona and the hotel itself looked like somewhere I'd like to stay.My expectations were far exceeded.First, I was extrememly impressed with the managers habit of responding to every review here on TA. Also his invitation to reviewers to contact him if they were returning. I E-mailed him to tell him of my upcoming visit. I received a response very quickly asking if I had any special requests or needed anything.It is this kind of detail that makes this hotel so special.The Pulitzers location is perfect for exploring Barclona. It is directly off of Placa de Catalunya and is a few minute walk to the top of La Rambla and into the Gothic area. I had read in many reviews here that the rooms were small. I didn't find this to be true. While certainly not huge they were big enough for a plesant stay. All of the rooms I saw seemed to be the same size. They are long and narrow, There was a big wardrobe in my room with more than enough room for all of my clothes and my luggage. There was an arm chair at one end with a chest/desk unit with a safe. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very well appointed and very comfortable. My room was spotlessly clean and the housekeepers did a great job everyday.This is a very modern design hotel with really nice attention to details. The lobby, bar area and restaurant are very nice and beautifully decorated. The staff of the hotel were extrememly nice and friendly. All of the people at the desk spoke English. They all worked hard to insure that my stay was a good one, meeting every request with a smile and helping in any way they could.I also have to mention the beautiful roof top terrace. Very comfortable with big couches and several seating areas.The two things that I read about in other reviews that I will agree with is the poor placement of the televisions and the tissue packets. I didn't find either to be a problem. This hotel is so nice, pack your own tissues.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jellycaa
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Pulitzer My friend and I have just returned from a two night stay in the Hotel Pulitzer and only one word can describe the trip..........Fantastic !!We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by a warm smile and very helpful receptionist who spoke excellent English. After checking our booking and explaining where the restaurant etc was for breakfast, we were given a map of the city and a book containing details of restaurants, bars and things to see. The reception and bar area were spotlessly clean and very stylish and a cool haven from the hustle and heat of outside. Our room was just as nice. We knew from reading previous reviews that the rooms were not big but to be honest it may have been smaller than some but was beautifully decorated in neutral shades, had comfy beds, plenty of wardrobe space and a lovely bathroom with bathrobes, slippers and toiletries. All of the staff we met were helpful and friendly with none of the stuffiness you sometimes experience in city centre hotels. I will be recommending this hotel to everyone i know and will definately stay here on my next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessie12
<Content>pleased with the pulitzer Had a great stay at this hotel. It was located near but not on the Placa Catalunya and La Rambla, so not loud yet very convenient. Breakfast buffet was nice, and you could eat outside on the patio which was great. I had read that some of the rooms were loud, so we called ahead and got a room on the 4th floor not overlooking the central courtyard so it wasnt noisy. I had also read that the rooms were small, but I didnt find that - the room was long and narrow as opposed to square, and the bathroom was also large.Great lobby/bar area and great rooftop patio. In fact much preferred this hotel to the casa camper where we also stayed, not only was it much cheaper but seemed brighter and more open. Would stay at the Pulitzer again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gedwards100
<Content>Great hotel Much like previous reviewers have said the hotel and staff are great. Location is fantastic for those new to Barcelona. I always think that service levels when something goes wrong is what defines good service. We were travelling with our 1 yr old son and, having booked through Venere I had included instructions that a cot would be required. Being slightly nervous that these instructions would not be passed on I emailed the hotel directly 2 months before our stay. When we checked in i was obviously disappointed to find there was no record of the cot and no cots spare. However the desk staff were very helpful and by the time we returned from our afternoon out there was a cot set up in our room. So the right result and without too much additional stress, so thankyou again to the staff for sorting the mistake.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Delta1978
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed here in early September 2007. It's a gorgeous hotel - beautiful lobby, lounge, roof top bar. The room we stayed in was very nice and comfortable. Compared to other hotels in this price range, we found the room to be a bit small and were kind of navigating around our luggage as there wasn't a luggage rack or good place to store it other than the floor. The lighting system in the room was also a bit of a mystery....they were all set up on a dimmer kind of system but we could never quite figure out how to turn the light off we wanted without trying every light in the room. But the bed was very comfortable and the location couldn't be beat.A word of caution - and this is not intended to be positioned as the fault of the hotel - but watch your belongings very carefully. My husband and I stopped by the front desk to check a dinner reservation one night on our way out the door. My husband walked up to the desk and I took a seat on a bench / ottoman just off the lobby. I put my purse down beside me on the seat and watched what was going on at the desk. Within 2 minutes my purse was snatched without me noticing - and it was literally right beside me. The hotel is located just off Plaza Catalunya and a thief could easily cruise through a busy lobby and make their way out the door without anyone noticing in a matter of seconds and disappear into the crowded Plaza. Everyone knows to be extra careful out on the streets, but just a reminder to not let your guard down once you hit your hotel - an easy thing to do when the hotel is on the high end like this one.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Musicwalker
<Content>Best part of our trip To begin with I must personally thank the manager, Jose Sanchez for taking care of my concerns while we were still on US soil. Things like airport transfers and special celebrations. He was great with emails.We loved the Pulitzer. Everything about it. The location, staff, and the comfort  well designed rooms and public areas. No detail has been over looked in the fantastic find. If only we had stayed at this hotel for two weeks, instead of taking a cruise, our trip would have been rated 100%, just as I would rate this hotel.The room was small, but, laid out extremely well. There was plenty of space to get organized. A closet, sofa as well as highboy type chest. The were good reading lamps, room darkening drapes, and despite being right on the street, the room was very quiet. There was a safe in the room, which we used. A nice large full length mirror. Art work everywhere, very tastefully done. I'm sure the decorator selected everything including the music being played in the breakfast room. It was not a far walk to the elevators from our room. The breakfast was a very nice start to the day.There was a beautiful roof top bar, and all of this a very, very short walk to the Rambalas. All in all, I would say this is not the Ritz Carlton (thank goodness, I checked out days early from the Shanghai Ritz due to the managers attitude as well as the condition of the hotel and poor breakfast buffet). This hotel is much more than the Ritz. Not in a luxury type of way, but, this is a small hotel with a lot of personality, small luxuries in a big way. It felt like home...not like a huge institutional hotel. We loved it, and wish to thank everyone who helped us out during our stay again.We would stay here again, and again, in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EwanHongKong
<Content>Fantastic hotel! My friend and I stayed at the Pulitzer on a short city break. The hotel was in a brilliant central location but was quiet and peaceful despite being near the amenities. The decor was fabulous and the room very nicely done. I would definitely come back if I ever visit Barcelona again. The General Manager of the hotel is very hands-on and clearly cares about the hotel and its guests a great deal. Top marks!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CityBreaker_7
<Content>Great Hotel in a great location Just got back from a week in Barcelona - what a fantastic city to visit. We stayed in Pultizer hotel and have to recommend it highly. Firstly the location is ideal for touring the city. Easy access to most main attractions including Las Ramblas (which I think is slightly over rated). We got a run through best places to visit (and places to avoid) from a very helpful porter. The hotel was clean but does need a freshen up of paint in places. We had a room to the front of the hotel with a small balcony. The room had everything we needed and was very comfortable. There is a nice bar on the ground floor and also a roof top bar. Both are nice and relaxed and worth a visit. Our only disappointment is the price of breakfast (not included in room price) 15 euro each which is a bit steep, especially with so many little cafe's around the corner. But overall a great experience at this hotel and we will be returning on our next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>isajolicoeur
<Content>No place like Pulitzer! The best hotel in town!We were there for a romantic break, and everything was incredible:the staff was sooo friendly! Always a smile a word...!The hotel in itself is so stylish and trendy! My husband works in hotel business and he was so impressed by the good service and welcoming staff!The rooms are very well decorated; it is very quiet, no noise from the street, so you can sleep late in the morning!As it was for a romantic break just after our wedding, we took the romantic package, it is 55 euros, and you'll have a big red bow on your door when you arrive, champagne, chocolate, strawberries, and last but not least, the bath with roses petals and candlelights!!!Amazing!We stayed 5 days, and we always have a drink at the roof bar! So quiet, relaxing! The bartender were great and they do wonderful mojitos!! I was ill the 4 th day because of food intoxication (nothing to do with the Pulitzer), and they were so warm, they called a doctor and they always ask for my good health! It was amazing! And the best thing for girls: you croos the street and you have Topshop!! you crossed the other street, and you have all the good shops; Zara, Sfera, Stradivarius, Bershka!! Really great!!I would go nowhere if it's not the Pulitzer!!!I will thank all the staff, especially the roof bartender, and the check in desk staff !!Thank you for this lovely break!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amysa
<Content>Highly recommended hotel Stayed for a week at Hotel Pulitzer. Location: Cant be beat, in a safe area near la ramblas but far enough from the noise and crowd. Near a lot of shopping, convenient to public transport.Room: room not very spacious. However, interiors very nice, amenities very interesting (different set for male and female, female complete with lip gloss?!), water pressure good, Breakfast: did not change much the whole week we stayed in the hotel, but variety quite sufficient. Breads were fresh and good selection, cereals, freshly squeezed juice, hams, fruits, etc.Staff: Front desk was very friendly, speaks good English. Daily makeup of room. No complaints.Overall, this hotel is a very interesting hotel, very different from the big chain hotels. Liked the interior so much i got quite a few ideas from this hotel. Try the hotel website for rates before booking with other internet sites. Got a better deal booking directly.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>barbwyer
<Content>Lovely Boutique Hotel We are four women in our 60's who have just returned from Barcelona and a wonderful stay at the Hotel Pulitzer.The location couldn't be better for older people....near everything but just at the end of the Ramblas, so that we had no problem with the noise of the night life.The hotel is lovely with small but comfortable rooms and delicious bedding and bathrobes! We thoroughly enjoyed our full breakfasts, which were included, and the bar and restaurants are comfortable and inviting. The staff was friendly and on top of everything....enormously helpful.We all would be delighted to visit Barcelona and the Hotel Pulitzer again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emmapkq
<Content>Stylish, welcoming, chic place to stay Have just come back from staying in this hotel and can't imagine a better place to stay in Barcelona if you want a fabulous location,very clean, smart and modern surroundings with friendly staff and great value for money. The rooftop bar is perfect for a night cap, the restaurnet does lovely food and a more than satisfactory breakfast buffet and it is a great place to come back to after the hustle and bustle of the streets of Barcelona. One tip, if you are booking through the hotels website make sure you make it clear what type of room you want. We booked best rate for Queen/Twin and ended up in a twin. The receptionist said we needed to let them know which one we wanted which the website didn't tell us. Probably common sense but check to make sure. Otherwise a fabuous stay will deifnately come back here!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>khaled82
<Content>Loved it this hotel is amazing because of their friendly staff the know everything they smile all the time they are helpful and kind what I like in this hotel is the amazing location of it its 3 minute walking to the dirty rambla if u like this place all the shopping area is around us metro too , the room is modern and nice but its very small i can鈥檛 walk around it , the lighting system is complicated a lil bit for the first time but with all this features it does not matternote that u have free wi-fi on all the rooms which is amazingthere is a nice bar terrace  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davecorbo
<Content>Very nice hotel We arrived at about 11:30am and our room wasn't ready which was to be excepted before 12. We managed to book in and they let us leave our luggage behind the reception so we could have a wee walk around to get our bearings. The hotel's decor was very nice, simplictic, the way we like it. We also ventured up onto the roof terrace which was a beatiful retreat to get away from the hussle and bustle of city living. We took a couple of bottles of wine from the local supermarket up there and the glasses from our room as we were a bit skint by the end of our trip, hee hee. The staff opened the bottle for us too which was nice as we didn't think we would be allowed taking our own food/drink up there. The hotel bar was a joke, very slow service, expensive and the staff don't know how to make the cocktails. That is probably why it was empty. Go to the Zurich Bar round the corner from the hotel at the top of The Ramblas (Very Nice). Lots of seating outside with reasonable prices. The location of the hotel couldn't be any better to be honest, extremely central. The rooms themselves were perfect, not a bad word to say about them. I would definately recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>JSTPK
<Content>Very central location, but slightly gloomy. Central location and easy to find. Reception staff slightly haughty, no-one mentioned rooftop bar, so that still remains a slight mystery to me. The room was very clean and plenty enough room for a city break, but everything was so dark, obviously a style thing, but nonetheless slightly gloomy., especially as our view was onto a concrete wall and then C and A sign, so no natural light. I was travelling with my daughter (19) and felt that maybe it was more of a couples hotel. Have to say a little noisy in the mornings as rooms are situated around a central atrium which means the sound is carried upwards from the lounges on the ground floor and through the central hollow of the building through the upper levels of the sleeping accomodation. But on the whole very classy, reasonably priced accomodation for centre of big city and any faults are probably based on personal style taste.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>HannaSweden
<Content>Great Hotel  The Pulitzer is located right next to La Rambla without feeling like it is too much in the middle of everything. The staff is really nice, always smiling and being helpful. The rooms are a bit small, but stylish with good wardrobe space. The only complaint about the room was that it was noisy, we heard the bartender talking like we where sitting next to him, yet, we were on the fifth floor, and the bar is on the fist... but it is an atrium. Ask for a room that is high up, and not with a door by the atrium.The breakfast is good by South European standards. It has a little bit of everything, enough to keep most people happy. Eggs, different bread, different cheeses, tortilla, ham, bacon, fruit and muesli and so on. There is also the possibility of having breakfast outdoors at the terrace, lovely on a sunny day!Conclusion, Great hotel to stay at in Barcelona. Not as fancy as The Omm, but also much cheaper. I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SWP
<Content>Great combination of location, style, service and value Stayed here for only one night after a cruise. The hotel is very stylish and perfectly placed and the staff goes out of their way to make sure your stay is a pleasure. The rooftop terrace has a great bar where you can while away an hour or two in the evening. We asked for a restaurant recommendation and were steered to La Gavina down on the watrfront. EXCELLENT!! All in all would recommend this hotel for just about anyone.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ddkent
<Content>Our favourite place in Europe The location of this hotel is fantastic - just around the corner from Las Ramblas.Like most European hotels, the rooms are small, but they are comfortable, modern and clean. Reception staff spoke English and we were able to make ourselves understood to other staff who didn't.One tip: In Australia, a double room means for a couple, ie one big bed. In Spain, it means a room for two people, ie twin single beds. Thankfully, the staff were aware of this and asked us at check in, then changed us to another room.Very happy with every aspect of our stay. Did I mention the fantastic location?  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FreqtravelBristol
<Content>Fab Pulitzer We have just returned from a weekend visit to Barcelona and stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer. The hotel is amazing great decor, interesting art work, huge comfy white sofas in the bar lounge and on the roof top terrace, the lighting at night on the terrace and the chilled Ibizia type music was amazing and very relaxing. The food in Visit was excellent and the waiters informative and chatty.The rooms are very comfortable, again in the style of the rest of the hotel dark floors, white bedding. good air con and all the added touches.When I visit Barcelona again I will definately rebook the Pulitzer for its great ambiance and ideal location.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarkC51
<Content>So Suite...... Ssshhh........here's a secret. The Pulitzer has a Suite, and it's fabulous...Despite several hundred positive reviews, no one appeared to have stayed in anything other than a standard room. We wanted something different , as it was our 10th Wedding Anniversary. I looked on the Hotel website and noticed they had 1 Suite (only one) in the Hotel, and enquired about availability. It was fortunately available, and exceptional value at 310 Euros per night.We arrived on Thursday afternoon after a decent flight. The reception staff were very cheerful, and I had paid for a 'celebration package' for the room. This entailed roses, champagne, chocolates, breakfast in bed, and a nice hot bath to await us.We were given our key and shown to our room. Upon entering my wife (who suspected nothing) , was blown away. The room was beautiful, decked out in chocolate browns , whites and greys, and luxurious. The room was very large, with a 4 poster bed in the centre. It really could not be faulted.As if we weren't already delighted, I pulled back the curtains to reveal an amazing Terrace/balcony, which was just decadent. It was very large, decked in solid wood throughout, and had loungers , remote controlled awnings, plants and a large table. We felt like royalty. The bathroom also didn't disappoint. Whilst quite narrow, they had made best use of the space with some natural light, and both a wetroom and a bath. All fixtures and fittings were of the highest quality.There are numerous other things that I could mention, including a fabulous Denon Speaker system throughout the suite, which allows you to connect your ipod and enjoy music in the bathroom, bedroom and terrace. There's also a 42 plasma tv, and various books.Breakfast was good, pretty standard fare, but nice.The location is perfect, a stones throw from the market square and las ramblas. If you are looking to stay in Barca, and want to treat yourself, look no further. Believe the hype..  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Radler
<Content>Loved Hotel Pulitzer My family and I ended our holiday in Spain with a one night stay at the Hotel Pulitzer. After previously staying at Casa Camper (see separate review) I was very impressed by the Pulitzer. I made the booking here because I was impressed by the fact that the manager takes the trouble to reply to most TripAdvisor reviews. I was not disappointed. The young lady at reception greeted us with a smile and checked that our room was available, which it was. They did not have a third bed for our 10 year old son but they made up the sofa for him which he found very comfortable.I would definitely return to the Pulitzer and I will recommend it to any friends that are heading to Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nosuchthing
<Content>Excellent Location       Room 2  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Smudger_by_the_Sea
<Content>Keep going back......       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moveabout
<Content>Great Location / Tiny Rooms Our primary motivation for selecting this hotel for our weekend trip to Barcelona was the location and the expectation it had modern / comfortable rooms (as per the website).We booked through the hotel website (EUR 170.00 per night for two nights during July 2007) and felt quite satisfied with the price. We arrived and were warmly received at reception. The common area in the lobby / bar / restaurant were all very welcoming though by the time you walk up and down the first floor you can tell the hotel is 'squeezed in what is a relatively narrow building'. We were given a room on the 4th floor (I guess one of the cheap rooms??) which was very very small (I think most of the standard doubles are this small) but had most amenities you could think off. The bathroom is very narrow but had a very comfortable shower. The surfaces in the rooms (simple wooden furniture that passes as modern furniture) was losing its luster with small cracks in the veneer / paint. None of this is paritcularly distressing because we weren't intending on spending much more than nights in the room. Though we were content with the room we discovered much to our dismay that the worn feel of the room carried through to the lighting (which was a real pain to use, using gradient lighting knobs), where we could find no way of turning off our night lamps (they have no switches on the lamp, rather a wall gradient switch).We took out the lightbulb, went to sleep, and complained at reception. They were very quick to accomodate us in an upgraded room on a higher floor (which was still small but much more comfortable) and threw in breakfast on Sunday. Generally greatly relieved that the hotel had such a positive customer attitude we went off for sightseeing and shopping.One last problem occurred on Saturday night where the hotel's air conditioning broke down. We were told on Sunday that it was a general problem (not only our room) and we were fortunate it hadn't been a sweltering day (Barcelona can get hot and humid in summer). Our overall impression was great location, with quality of the room and its facilities hit or miss.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jellyb1
<Content>Amazing hotel - loved it! My partner and I came back from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Pulitzer this morning and I loved this hotel so much that wanted to write a review straight away.The hotel was absolutely fantastic. It is very modern and luxurious and spottless with very comfortable surroundings. There was free internet access in the room so we took our laptop along and really enjoyed being able to email home and sends pictures to all our friends and family to make them jealous.We used room service on several occassions and found the price very reasonable. The food was absolutely delicious and at a very high standard.The location of the hotel was fantastic. You could walk to a great number of attractions and a 1 minute walk from the main shopping street. We also used the many metro stops around the hotel to travel to different sights such as the Segrada Familia and found it so easy to travel around the city.We both agreed one of the best parts of this hotel were the staff. They were so helpful and couldn't do enough to make our stay an enjoyable one. They always recognised us and said hello even though it isn't a very small hotel. When we ordered a drink in the main lobby bar the bar staff seemed horrified that we would carry the drinks to the table ourselves and insisted on bringing them over. They were all just great.If you have any doubt about staying at this hotel then there really is no need. If I ever go to Barcelona again I will definately be staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ho_sik
<Content>Ok to stay here I found this hotel pretty average. Stayed in rm117 and the room itself was ok, but in need of renovation. The windows are quite sound proof - but noise came mostly from housekeeping staff, not entirely their fault, just the doors did not keep the sound out.The location is a Big Plus for the hotel as it is in the city centre minute walk from the underground train and just across the square is the airport bus. I think I will try another hotel in BCN next time- but I would stay here again too if needed.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>dawabbit
<Content>A cool haven in summer. HOtel Pulitzer is a calm retreat on a hot day. The cool neutrals of the air conditioned room were welcome. Even though our room overlooked a main street it was quiet, due to good soundproofing. The location is absolutely perfect! Not on the Ramblas, but right off it, near a central square etc., with fantastic shopping. Note: this hotel is not partnered with other hotel Pulitzers in Europe, so it must be judged on its own value.The lighting system was difficult for me to learn, although I am not a quick study in things like that. The bed was very, very comfortable and we slept well. A few strange things: Since the room was very tiny, there was one possilbe hazard for a person who gets up, half asleep in the middle of the night to use the bathroom. To get there, you need to go around the bottom of the bed (if you sleep in the right), and in traversing the 18 inch wide pathway to the facilities, is a wall mounted TV right at head level. I recommend turning the tv so it is a flat as possible so as not to break one's nose walking right into it. The only other quirk I found was that the female of the duo in the room was alloted a pack of two (yes two), tissues per person. Bring your own tissues. Overall, we were pleased with our stay and would return there without doubt.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jamiehBirmingham
<Content>A stylish hotel for a special experience As the other reviews have stated the hotel is very stylish and well located, I chose it for a special trip for my partner and our parents particularly as my partner and I travel often on business and were looking for something special. We were not disappointed with the rooms (although small) or the design and layout of the hotel which was excellent. The staff were friendly and the bar staff rather good looking! The roof top bar was a wonderful place to relax. The main problem was noise from the bar and the room next door. The atrium in the centre of the hotel is a great feature but the noise of glasses being placed on the marble bar and the music down stairs carried straight through our 5th floor bedroom door which is a shame as there is no noise from the street at all. The wooden floor in the room next door carried foot steps clearly through the wall and we could hear their TV as well as they did. For a hotel of this quality we were annoyed with the disturbance that we haven't really experienced any where else on our travels.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Ladylyme
<Content>Way to Go!!! I returned from the Pulitzer a couple of days ago and can't wait to go back. I hadn't been to Barcelona since the late seventies and wasn't expecting it to be a city with everything, having had a love affair with Italy for the last 30 years.Next time i will go for a week at least!And stay at The Pulitzer.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pamleco
<Content>Absolutely beautiful and chic hotel I stayed here in Feb of this year with two friends of mine, a girly trip! And i was very impressed by my stay. The hotel was so gorgeous and modern. They serve the best caesar salad! Also I left a pair of new jeans in the wardrobe and when I contacted them on my return to Dublin they posted them to me free of charge, nice touch! Would definitely go back there.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Moutsos
<Content>if you like a hotel with style... Excellent hotel. Stylish and central. Stayed there with my girlfriend for 2 nights. Needless to repeat all the good points others have already written on the site. No complaints, for me its a solid 5 on all categories.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jillybeansan
<Content>Not Impressed... We stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel Pulitzer with our two sons. The rooms are quite small and minimally furnished -- for example, there isn't a stand-alone desk, rather, a fold out work station. The tv is tiny. There are no tissues in the bathroom -- you have to call housekeeping to bring you small packets. And if you want some ice, you have to pay a service charge to have it delivered or go to the bar to get it yourself! Pretty unbelievable for a supposedly 4 star hotel. The staff were nice although their English wasn't very good. On the positive side, the hotel is very well located and has free internet service.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>hartss
<Content>Comfortable, stylish and well-run I really liked the Pulitzer. The people behind the front desk were very helpful, especially Amanda, who is just lovely. We really appreciated Julian Rubio's advance e-mail restaurant reservations and advice. What a big help he was! We especially must thank him for his recommendation to eat at Passadis d'en Pep and Sauc, which were just wonderful. The location was terrific, as it was close to the Ramblas and Boqueria but far enough away from the madding crowds and noise. The major Metro lines were all nearby.I had a rear third floor room that was nicely furnished, very clean and comfortable. My friend had a second floor room over the restaurant and she felt it was a bit small and noisy, but overall liked the hotel. The bed was very good, the flat-screen TV well positioned and the free wireless internet access was reliable and fast. My only (very) minor criticisms: the soap in the bathroom was too small and did not lather very well, and the bathrobe was too small for most men, I would think.. The crowd was for the most part American and stylish, but not snobby or snooty. The espresso in the lobby bar was great. By all means go!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jandon771
<Content>An excellent, pleasant hotel What a wonderful hotel. I selected it based on the Trip Advisor reviews, and we weren't disappointed. We only stayed for one night, arriving at 0800 after a trans-Atlantic cruise. Understandably, the room was not ready, but the front desk staff cound not have been more helpful, offering sightseeing and dining advice, and the promise to call our cell phone the moment the room became available. Great location, with 5 star restaurants mixed in with reasonable alternatives in the immediate area. Luigi the bartender was very nice and entertaining, and the entire staff was very professional, yet extremely nice. The room was not large, but clean and nicely decorated, and it met our purposes. I look forward to returning to Barcelona, and will make the Hotel Pulitizer my base.Don  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>torizoe
<Content>Wonderful stay at Pulitzer Just spent 3 nights at the Pulitzer and loved it! The location was perfect! I was traveling alone and felt safe walking back to the hotel at night. I found the room to be plenty big. The bathroom was lovely with a nice big tub. And tons of hot water too! The towels are HUGE and wonderful to wrap up in after a long hot bubble bath. Heaven!The staff was excellent! Very helpful and kind. Nice television but sadly only CNN and SKYtv in English. Of course, I didn't go to Barcelona to sit and watch television so that is really a very minor complaint.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>almerecambridge
<Content>Great hotel, great area, will go again We stayed 3 nights in this hotel as part of our honeymoon. The hotel was great, the staff was friendly. And we loved the interior. We did tell this was our honeymoon and the hotel gave us a little attention!! We definially will stay here again if we go back to Barcelona. The only bad thing was, and that had nothing to do with the hotel. Is that we drove to spain in our own car and some one try to robe us. This was done by the old trick, step a knive in the tyre and wait till it got flat and then when you go out of the car robe you. Fortunally we did not noticed the tyre was flat and we drove into the parking lot oposite the hotel. But be warned !!!!BTW the hotel gives you a special rate for the parking lot. Ask for it at the reception.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>possiblebliss
<Content>loved it!         
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PHILIPMARSHALL
<Content>Overall positive experience at the Pulitzer I have stayed at the Pulitzer several times for the following reasons:1) Great location .. central to everything, but quiet enough to relax when needed.2) Reasonable price/offers available, especially when you consider the location.3) Very nice breakfast and service ... outstanding coffee and (rich) hot chocolate!4) Friendly/helpful check-in and desk service. Happy to assist before or during your stay5) Rooms clean ... turn-down service done regularly.The negatives which prevent me giving it 5 stars are:1) Small rooms and small bathrooms. Can get very tight when staying with a partner (ok as a single stay however).2) Air conditioning ... 2 out of 3 stays had problems.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>A_Cubed
<Content>Great location and even better staff Just had a 3 night break in Barcelona - my first trip to Spain. Staff at check-in were very helpful, particularly at identifying where to go (and where not). Room was a little smaller than i expected for the price (750 euros) but great in every other respect. One thing to be aware of - there is a bottle bank opposite the hotel that gets emptied each morning and woke me up - we were on the first floor.If you want to know where to eat in the evening, just ask the front desk and they can organise everything for you - and you do need to book as restaurants get very busy in the evenings.Ate at the hotel one night which was OK (but very quiet)Congrats to all at the Pulizer especially Andrea at the front desk and Luigi in the bar - I'll certainly be back soon  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Urbantravelfox
<Content>Perfect for a city break Booked for an extended weekend break. It was a very modern clean hotel, staff were very friendly and professional. We were personally welcomed by the General Manager for breakfast. We would recommend the bar. the restaurant and breakfast.The room was spotless and in very good condition, plasma television in the room.Perfect location just off placa de catalunya, ideal for all sightseeing, bus tours etc.Surpassed expectations and was easily up to its four star rating.Would definitely stay again and fully recommend to any potential traveller.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>familyof4travels
<Content>Family of 4 enjoys stay at Hotel Pulitzer We stayed here for 5 nights in March and then returned for one more night after travelling to Morocco for 8 days. We were travelling with our kids ages 11 and 14. The first 5 nights we had a superior room and the kids a standard room. The final one night we both had standard rooms. So, in all we stayed in 4 different rooms. They were all wonderful. We did like the extra space of the superior - it also had a couch, which was particularly helpful when the kids came into our room to hang out as we got ready. I will say we stayed in 3 different standard rooms and they were all configured a bit different, but all very nice. I would not hesitate to stay in one. We were a bit concerned about the comments of them being small, but really did not find it an issue. They all had nice closet and drawer space and a nicely appointed bathroom.The staff was all excellent. There did seem to be a discrepancy in our reservation when we first checked in, but everything was taken care of to our satisfaction. I think the fact that the manager clearly monitors the reviews here shows how much they are interested in making your stay the best.We loved the breakfast and the buffet breakfast - other than some small BB's we have stayed in Italy, definitely the best European breakfast buffet for a hotel. The breakfast staff was very helpful and friendly, always remembering our preferred morning drink.This is in an excellent location, we were able to walk to L'Eixample, Las Ramblas, Barri Gothic and El Born. Right near Placa Catalunya but on a nice quiet side street. Our rooms were facing the street and we never had any noise problems. We all loved this place and hope to return soon!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Love2Travel05
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We have just enjoyed our first trip to Barcelona staying at this beautiful hotel for 3 nights over the Easter break.Easy to find, we transferred from Barcelona airport on the Blue Aerobus to Plaza Catalunya from which the hotel is only a few minutes walk  is equally close to the metro station so is in a great central position.Our room was just as we had seen on the website, always a relief ! It felt very luxurious and came complete with a 6 ft bed, beautiful crisp white linen, a gorgeous bathroom with a powerful shower and an ample supply of toiletries every day ! We appreciated the bedside control of all lighting within the room!The glass lift makes an unusual feature  as we were on the 5th floor, gave us a lovely view of the bar area below. All the public areas are modern with very comfy white leather sofas  chairs. We enjoyed a relaxing pot of tea here after a busy day sightseeing !Breakfast was buffet style with lovely fresh fruit, cooked breakfast and the usual cakes  pastries. More than enough to last until lunchtime!Each  every one of the staff we came across were very helpful, professional  polite. Initially there was a slight confusion on the type of room we had booked so we were shown 2 different rooms for us to choose which one we preferred. You can't ask for more than that !This is definately one of the best hotels we have stayed in  we wouldn't hesitate in recommending it to anyone.As for eating out in Barcelona, if you love fish then head to Port Olimpic for a range of restaurants. We had a lovely meal at the El Cangrejo Loco overlooking the mediterranean, a vey romantic evening as the night fell. Barcelona is a mix of old  new  as the beach is within an easy metro ride, it makes for an interesting  contrasting city break destination.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blatt
<Content>terrific location terrific location.nice boutique hotel.rooms are very narrow and i would not recommend if you are very large.staff very helpful and accomadating.would stay again  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>StewartToronto
<Content>superb hotel Stayed at Hotel Pulitzer for a weekend in March, and I can honestly say it was one of the best overall hotel experiances I have ever had. The hotel itself and the rooms are beautifully designed, love the art deco! All staff were extremely helpful and knowledgable with tourist and restaurant information.Location of the hotel is also spot on.5 stars to the hotel and I would definitely recomend it to anyone travelling to Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GeorgeWatson
<Content>A solid choice Stayed at the Pulitzer for 2 nights over the easter break and was extremely satisfied with my choice. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and the interior of the hotel is aesthetically pleasing, clean and modern. The double room was comfortable and more than satisfactory, and the location of the hotel was very convenient during our stay. There's a good selection for breakfast and the bar area on the ground floor is nice to relax in during the evenings. I'd really recommend this hotel for anyone coming to Barcelona, especially on a first visit, as you feel at home right away and the extra you might pay here compared to other hotels in the city is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rweidemx
<Content>Chinese design and Catalan hospitality We stayed at the Pulitzer for the special occasion of my wife's birthday for 3 nights at the end of March. As far as our adult son was accompanying us, we booked a double and a single room, which were arranged from the hotel right next to each other. We love boutique hotels with minimalistic design much better than faceless hotels of big chains, where a hotel room in NYC looks exactly the same like in any other place of the world. The interiour of the hotel is inspired by Chinese themes, and it uses the colors black and white (with a red dot in the bar, which is the central point of the hotel). From all the positive comments, given on this website, we would like to underline the ones, referring to the personnel, running the hotel. The staff is well selected, everybody is absolutely confident about his job, everything is smooth running, which is the result of real team work and a manager, who is open for comments and suggestions. All employees with customer contact (front desk, restaurant, bar) speak excellent English, and you will receive a smile, which goes right into your heart. This smile is very special, because it is natural. It shows, that everybody in the hotel loves his job every day, and that you as a customer are really welcome.We have stayed at other design hotels before, and we observed more than one time that cool hotel design triggers a cool attitude of the personnel, which can be interpreted as arrogant - this was absolutely not the case in the Pulitzer!Reading some complaints about street noise, clapping doors and rain drops falling onto the terrace roof we would like to admit, that yes, Barcelona is a big city, and the hotel is centrally located, but in a side street. Those, who are extremely noise sensitive, can make use a beautifully designed suite on the 6th floor, where complete privacy is guaranteed, the door of the suite will be the only door clapping, and possible rain drops will fall on the private terrace of the suite. However, we liked our rooms on the third floor, and we will definitely return to the Pulitzer.Big compliments to the entire hotel team. Keep on going this way, and you will be rewarded by guests, that take best memories home to their countries and that return to your hotel again and again!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Deborahjayne
<Content>Really lovely Hotel...shame about the weather!!! What a lovely Hotel,stayed for 4 nights (2nd -5th April 2007) and really enjoyed our stay.The Pulitzer is in a great location for exploring Barcelona with Metro stations close by.We had a standard room which was exactly as seen on the web-site,maybe a little small for some people but we found it to be fine.Bathroom and bed-linen were very clean,comfy beds,great maid service.The only negative aspect to our stay was the weather....it rained nearly every day but was lovely in England!!!!Would recommend the Pulitzer Hotel to any-one going to Barcelona,go on book it now!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Vlasska
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel, central location and great staff. Stayed here for just one night, but saw enough to know that this hotel deserves all the good reviews it gets. The staff are excellent, they went out of their way to help our group with our request for service at unsociable hours (!), and reception was impeccable. I thought my bathroom was a little tired, but everything else was first rate.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cook21
<Content>lovely little hotel Me and my boyfriend stayed here for five nights in a superior room, and as soon as we arrived we loved the decor and homely feel to the hotel. Our room was perfect for a young couple - chic and modern but also romantic at the same time. The location at the top of the ramblas couldn't have been better, and the staff (especially louis) were extremely polite and helpful. They made our stay thoroughly enjoyable, and always greeted us with a smile. I would recommend visiting a few of the restaurants in the guide given to you at the beginning of your stay - we visited 2 and they were both lovely. The bar food was also of high quality, although unfortunately we didn't get a chance to try the restaurant. I will definitely be visiting this hotel again and my boyfriend and I both agreed it is the best in Barcelona (having stayed at the hotel arts on a previous visit)!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RomanCitizen
<Content>All that one can require Just got back from 3 nights at this excellent hotel. The location cannot be faulted, 1 minute from Plaza Catalunya, 10 minutes from the Cathedral etc., room was clean and modern, breakfast what one would expect from this type of hotel, and most important the staff were excellent and gave the impression that they wanted to help. If I go back to Barcelunder I will stay here.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MACHI180
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - I choose this hotel due to the amount of good reviews on this website and I must say I was pleased that I had.Like other reviewers have stated it is ideally placed at the top of La Ramblas and is great for starting off your day sight-seeing. We could tour everywhere we wanted by either walking or getting the metro from the station 2 mins away. It's ideally placed for restaurants and bars and it means you don't have to spend a fortune on the taxi getting bac.The hotel itself is very clean and is perfect for those who enjoy chic, minimalistic furnishings with the touch of homeliness. The bar area is large with lots of big comfy leather sofa's perfect for pre or post dinner drink. We never ate at the restaurant but it looked very nice. The guys on reception speak english very well and were always happy to help.I would stay in this hotel if I go back to Barcelona and recommend it every time.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SPIRALALLY
<Content>Central But Not Too Central Only 5 minutes walk from Las Ramblas which is a very vibrant part of town. Found excellent Irish pub called Scobies and bar man was full of very usefull information. Excellent location within walking distance of most of the main attractions and shops. Wonderful restaurants 2 minutes walk away from hotel heading away from town. Hotel was very confortable with very attentive staff. Just 1 snag, last night it rained and we could hear the rain all night dripping onto the veranda.Alison  Peter from Ireland  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jdarby
<Content>this place is FABULOUS The pulitzer is a cool, well designed, beautifully decorated hotel in an great location just off the Ramblas. The rooms are modern and beautifully decorated, if a little small, and the bar and communal areas lovely. The staff were fantastic in helping us source difficult to get tickets for Barcelona football club. they also went out of their way to answer any questions we had about sight seeing. I totally recommned this place if you want a not too big (impersonal) and not too small (no facilities) hotel. It's great. It's only 20 mins form the airport too.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>fyffes
<Content>A brilliant weekend break! We stayed at the Pulitzer on 8th March for 3 nights. Everything was thoroughly enjoyable, and of the best quality. The room was extremely comfortable, breakfast selections were plentiful and appetising, the bar had a pleasant atmosphere, and the staff were always friendly and very helpful. Each evening the reception staff recommended and booked excellent reasonably priced restaurants away from the usual 'tourist traps' . The position of the hotel was ideal - just off Placa de Catalunya, so convenient for sightseeing buses or just for an interesting stroll around. La Rambla was 3 mins walk away. There was some traffic noise outside, but this was easily shut out by the windows, and efficient air conditioning in the room meant that there was no need to sleep with them open. All in all, a brilliant weekend break at The Pulitzer which we can recommend to you.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tjicheng
<Content>Makes me come back for more! A beautiful hotel, but most of all a beautiful hotel experience! A hotel with adorable interior design, the best of breakfasts has it's absolute strongest asset in it's superb staff. So friendly, so warm, efficient and professional. I have actually never come across any of it's kind. Of course there were small defects - a leaking tap, tricky flush device and a blinking lamp in the room. But hey, free internet, unlimited amounts of Jam贸n Iberico for breakfast and a divine bed keeps a smile on your face. Comes with the highest of recommendation.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alex_Scott
<Content>Brilliant Barcelona hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhcooper
<Content>Great Hotel 鈥?Couple of Quirky Things! Just came home from 2 weeks in Barcelona staying at 2 different hotels 鈥?both 4 star. The Hotel Pulitzer was by far the nicer hotel. I stayed there for 5 nights and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is rather modern and is located in a fantastic location. We walked the city North, South, East and West and the hotel could not have been a better starting place. If you take the subway you are 2 steps from a metro stop and the airport bus stops 2 steps away. There is also a Starbucks on the corner for those that need their coffee fix! We vacationed with friends so I can comment based on two different rooms.We were both on the 3rd floor. We were in the back and my friends in the front. As many Barcelona reviews indicate the street noise was obvious. If you are a light sleeper you might want to look for a hotel with a lot of floors and request a room high up! We had no trouble sleeping, but our friends were light sleepers. Also, the weather was unseasonably warm and the air-conditioning seems to only work in the summer. We opened up our window and were pretty comfortable.The look of the hotel is very modern and with all modern furniture you get a lot of deep cushions and it takes a while to get comfortable. The lobby and lobby bar has a lot of room to sit and relax or have a drink before and after dinner. We did not eat in the restaurant so I can not comment on the food.As for the quirky 鈥?the rooms are very comfortable 鈥?we had a queen size bed 鈥?but the room is long and narrow. On the wall at the foot of the bed is a flat screen TV that is easy to hit as you walk by it. Also, it may be a small thing, but there are no soap dishes in the bathroom so you never really know where to put the soap. Finally, the light switches are very hard to figure out. It took us 2 days just to figure out how to get the bed side table lights to stay on while the rest of the lights are turned off. In fact, our friend鈥檚 room there was some strange problem with the lighting controls as the left bed light was turned on by the switch on the right side while the right bed light was turned on by the switch when you walk in the door.All in all we loved out stay and would highly recommend the hotel 鈥?just be prepared to be surprised when you turn on the lights.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>renee_travel
<Content>ok, am sure there is better value elsewhere I just spent 3 nights including a weekend. I think that I would defintely look elsewhere if going to Barcelona again. I thought the hotel staff were friendly and the hotel location was great, however, the hotel is fraying at the edges and could do with some maintenance, my door handle fell off a few times, as did my towelrack and the powerpoints all fell out. Upon checkout I did mention to the receptionist that the air conditioning wasn't working, she said that as it was winter it wasn't connected, although the heating was. The website says that you can control the temperatue of your own room - obviously only in summer. My room was so hot that I was sleeping with the balcony doors wide open. I wasn't even staying in a room that had any daylight.Another thing, whats the point of the TV, when there was only ONE engligh channel - sky news. I know european hotels seem to be extremely tight about these things, but really.....Last thing, breakfast was pretty bad for a hotel of this standard, and on the Saturday morning, when it appeared they had had a tour group stay, they ran out of food, and took forever to restock.The website is very misleading, my room didn't have a bath and the shower didn't even have a soap holder.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>cgmtraveler
<Content>Stylish and well located Very good hotel! Stylish and just a few steps from Plaza Catalunya and Ramblas. Good service and breakfast.Great relation cost x benefits.I'd definitely go back again!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jenni1979
<Content>Fantastic hotel, staff and location!!! Loved it! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights with another couple, we absolutely loved this hotel and had a fantastic time. The hotel design is cool and funky and the bar is a great place to meet for drinks in the evening or coffee in the morning, we felt really at home! The staff were very polite and helpful. I really cannot fault this hotel, it was perfect. The rooms aren't totally soundproof as you can hear doors shutting occasional but I think you get that with every hotel! if you really object take some earplugs and you will have no problems at all I certainly wouldn't let it put me off staying here again! Note to travellers beware of pick pockets in Barcelona especially on the tube, they're very very quick!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joejojo
<Content>Probably The best hotel in Barcelona My Girlfriend and i and another couple stayed here for 3 nights in January 2007.First of all i would like to say i canot understand how anybody could give this hotel a bad review. It is perfectly located, clean, friendly staff, and all that you could wish for in a city hotel. I have read some of the other reviews on this hotel and such comments as not soundproof are ridiculous.If you want a sound proof room go to a recording studio!!! The beds are so comfortable, and the rooms were equipted with, robes, slippers, mini bar, free safety deposit box, flat screen cable tv, phone in bathroom....etc. When i return to Barcelona i will definitely be booking this hotel. Forgot to mention metro station 2 minutes walk.Taxi fares to all main attraction were between 鈧? and 鈧?. We went to see Barcelona play celta vigo, got the metro outside the hotel 鈧?.50 return. We bought tickets to the match in Flannigans Irish bar from a really nice guy. Cat 2 tickets Face value 鈧?0.All in All we had a great 3 daysPaul Ryan Wicklow Ireland  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dawhitters
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the Pulitzer in mid-December for one night on a EUR120 rate booked through the hotel's website.The hotel is nicely decorated, with well-designed rooms. Our room, on the street side of the hotel, was very quiet.. Be aware though, if you book a rate that is for a twin OR double room, your double will be two single beds pushed together, rather than a proper queen/king.The staff are very friendly - even the maids - and generally spoke English well. Front desk staff provided good restaurant recommendations with accompanying advice (e.g. don't eat paella at night - you won't sleep well).The location can't be beaten, right off Las Ramblas, but still in a relatively calm street.Only one thing really caused me concern. When we checked out, we asked a staff member to call us a taxi to the airport. He did this very efficiently, which was great. When the taxi turned up, the driver took our bags, put them in the trunk, and then went to talk to the staff member who had called him. This seemed a bit strange, since the driver already knew we were going to the airport. It looked to us as though the driver gave the staff member money, although it was done discretely.When we got to the airport, about EUR8 of extra charges were added to the meter (the charge normally used for tolls, etc). Not speaking Spanish well, I didn't want to argue, but something weird was going on. In total, the rate was about EUR10 more than going that other direction. I can't help but wonder if the driver pays that staff member to call him, and then passes the cost onto the guests.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Esteven
<Content>Lovely design, excellent location, but not soundproof Hi,We stayed at this hotel on Jan 8 and 9, 2007. I booked this hotel via the hotel website, which is www.hotelpulitzer.es (or www.epoquehotels.com) and got a very good rate: 鈧?125 for a twin room including breakfast, excluding taxes (7%).We highly appreciated:- the excellent location (just off Plaza Catalu帽a): near bus stops for Aerobus, Bus Turistic, metro/train Catalunya. In the middle of the shopping area (Exaimple / Portal del Angel), and close to all tourist attractions.- the exquisite service: high level of service in the hotel. They are really friendly and helpfull, both in reception area, as in bar and restaurant.- the design: very stylish hotel. Are areas are very trendy and nicely decorated.- the hotel size: small hotel, so more personal service, no crowded public areas, no buffet queuing at breakfastWhat we disliked:- Rooms: although the rooms were very nice and the space was well occupied (rooms are rather small - deep, but narrow), you have all amenities: flat screen, domotica for the lighting, minibar, bathrobes, safe, desk with wifi/asdl, a lot of toiletries in the bathroom. BUT, now the down-side: the beds are rather small and uncomfortable and the walls are paper thin, so you here everything from nextdoors. Fortunately, it's a small hotel, so you don't have too much disturbance.others:- breakfast: Buffet was OK and quality of food good, but this is the smallest buffet I have had in Barcelona so far. Nevertheless, there was enough choice.Enjoy your stay at the Pulitzer!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzanneBowdon
<Content>A liitle disappointing Stayed 3 nights over New Year.Great location, very stylish hotel with helpful staff.We felt the rooms could have been a little cleaner but the beds were wonderful.Breakfast was overpriced (15 euros) for the quality; whilst the fruit and bread products were very good the cooked selection was poor.Had dinner once; 3 0ut of 4 of us thought it was dreadful although the wine was excellent.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>maliv
<Content>Just Perfect!!! This hotel was more than expected!!! In the center, close to the bigest shops and to La Rambla, with very helpful staff, we booked the romatic package through their website and we had the breakfast included (very good) and a bottle of cava for free!If you like the modern decoration, you will love it. The standard room is not so big, but if you store your clothes in the closet and put your suitcases under the bed, you really feel like home!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ECTVancouver
<Content>Perfect location! My wife and I stayed at the Pulitzer after being recommended by Casa Camper reservations when they were sold out. We stayed in April/May of 2006 for a week. It was the best location we could have possibley hoped for. Just off of La Ramla and 1 block from Placa de Catalunya. Under the Placa is 3 levels of subway to take you anywhere probably in Spain that you would like to go, but you would never even know it was there. We hoped train at 6am that took us 63 Km's north to a beautiful little town called Vic where we went balooning. Afterwards, we hoped the train right back to our hotel, Sweet! Barcelona won the Spanish cup and they had a crazy party on La Rambla which was so great to be part of. Then when the team came back, they paraded right by the hotel. We watched from the rooftop deck. The only downside about the hotel is that inside the hotel it is open from the lounge to the roof 7 floors above. This is actually really neat aside from what the wimpy other traveller had to say. But people smoking in the lounge, stink up ever hallway above them. The Spanish are only just beginning to adopt the anti smoking policies of North America. I look forward to when they do becuase I have never seen a culture kill themselves smoking as much as the Spanish!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cameranel
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Hotel Pulitzer in December 2006. It is in a fabulous location just off Placa de Catalunya therefore very convenient for the subway, tourist buses and the shops.The hotel has very modern decor in black and white, which is reflected through the foyer, bar area and dining room. The bedroom was very chic with comfortable bed and the bathroom was sumptious. All the towels were soft and white, all the accessories were included, in case you even forgot a toothbrush. I was well impressed with all that!We had breakfast in the hotel and was well impressed with the variety of food on offer. I'm not sure how much the breakfast was, as ours was included in a very good rate we had. I'm sure it would be worth it though, whatever it is.My only problem was we were on the first floor overlooking the main entrance of the hotel; deliveries started at 5.30AM to the hotel and neighbouring shops so sleep was hard to come by once I was awake.The staff were wonderful, friendly, polite, helpful but also a little cross that I didn't ask for a quieter room when I remarked about the noise when we checked out.. So if you stay here and you are a light sleeper ask for a back room!All in all though a great place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>anonymous1140
<Content>Central, noise problem, not handicapped accessible       Ramped entrance  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>dafos27
<Content>Centrally Located We originally booked this hotel via Clarion Hotels, but the hotel was sold before we made the trip. The new owners honored our rate without fail. The Hotel Pulitzer is on a side street off Placa Catalunya. The hotel is very clean in the lobby, restaurant, bar, and in the rooms. Although the rooms are small, they are very comfortable. There was a huge closet to store your luggage, many shelves and drawers. You can pack all your clothes away if you're here for a week or more. The bathroom was equally large with a nice large granite sink and the shower has sliding glass door. The door to the bathroom does not open on a hinge, but slides on tracks, which was not obvious (initially). Toiletries are provided such as shampoo/conditioner, shower gel, razor w/cream, hand lotion, comb, toothbrush, robes, disposable flipflops, shoe shiners, and cotton pads for makeup. Way more necessities than most hotels provide. We had a balcony with two door french doors that looked down into the street. The A/C and heat worked fine and the rooms have a safe and LCD television. The room we had was on the second floor, close to the street so the noise level was louder than normal for most hotels. In Barcelona, trash is picked up at all hours of the night, but with the doors shut and the A/C on, it was not an issue for us. If you require complete quiet, you should not get a room on the street side or near the bar area. The hotel staff was very helpful with side trip arrangements and getting our taxis. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The internet is available next door at the Hotel Regina for free. There are only two connections, so you might have to wait. The terrace on the top of the hotel was not open due to construction, but we did spend some time up there enjoying some views, but moreso the weather. Lastly, the hotel is centrally located to where all the action is. We walked to all the restaurants we ate at and it is a two minute walk to the Catalunya Metro stop which is one of the hubs of the metro system. Also, very close to Las Ramblas which is one of the main streets in Barcelona. You can't possibly go wrong with this hotel. Hope all this helps in your travels.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stewartrimkus
<Content>Fabulous hotel This is my favorite hotel I've ever stayed in. The decor is beautiful. The location is perfect. My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and will return many times in the future. If you're into modern, stylish, elegant hotels, this is perfect for you. Great staff, great price.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canigohomeyet
<Content>Superb small hotel I booked this hotel on the back of the reviews on Trip Advisor and have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Pulitzer. A fantastic small hotel bang in the centre of Barcelona but just off the busy Placa Catalunya. This is not a traditional hotel but modern and elegant and not pretentious or intimidating with friendly staff and superb concierge. Rooms aren't huge but modern and warmly decorated with flat screen tv, adjustable lighting, black out curtains, minibar etc. Great entrance area with comfortable bar, huge sofas, great coffee and attentive bar staff. Paid about 200euros a night for a superior room w/o breakfast and for the location, room, ambiance and friendly staff I thought it was excellent value. Would recommend and will return there. Didn't try the restaurant although the setting looked great.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaxon41
<Content>loved this hotel We loved this property. It has a wonderful location just off the Placa Catalunya. From our balcony we could watch the Placa. The decor was lovely -- deep browns with crisp white linens. Interesting art, a unique bath with stone sink, great water pressure, nice amenities, including scuff slippers. And the price was reasonable -- we used the Clarion Hotels site to book. We didn't use the restaurant or bar, but they looked lovely.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>willismuir
<Content>Superb I rate this place!; friendly and fun, great food and drink. Prices not cheapest in town but offer excellent value for money. Plenty of space, excellent english speaking staff. A great place to stay. Thabkyou.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ASheila
<Content>cool and funky It was our first time to Barcalona and we were unsure of the differant districts. However after getting off the 'blue bus' from the airport at placa Catelunya we were just across the square. The location is on a side street off the main square and great position to see all the city. The interior is very designer with a glass panel on the lift looking down to the bar. The rooms were clean but the bathroom could have had that extra clean as there was grime on the skirting and edges. Unfortunately our bathroom had a broken shower sliding door (as in, it wasn't there) which took away the wow factor, otherwise it is a lovely hotel to stay in. We didn't eat there at all so unable to comment on the food. But the bar staff were excellent! We also took note of a previous review and asked for recommendations for places to eat and each of the suggestions were enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Terita
<Content>Perfect for exploring the city Situated just off Pl Catalonya the Hotel was excellant value for money, quiet yet close to the action and made our holiday. The room was of a high standard and immaculatly clean. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful in booking tours or restaurants and freely advise on all tourist matters.Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rob10
<Content>Great Hotel, Central location My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in September. It's a great hotel, right in the centre of Barcelona - ideal for visiting all the sights. It is also about 200m from the main airport bus stop, so is really easy to get to and from the airport, without carrying your bags very far.The hotel is very modern and the rooms are very tasteful - as everyone says, they are on the small side (but not tiny). Given this is a city break type place, you don't spend ages sat in your room.The hotel has a central atrium with the bar at the bottom. Some rooms on all floors come off this atrium. As there are no carpets, you can hear a bit of noise from the bar in these rooms. If you like a quieter room, I would specify this as a booking request.Otherwise the hotel is great, staff friendly etc, we would go back again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>julesfromSomerset
<Content>very good stay I stayed at the clarion pulitzer with my mother last weekend, cannot recommend it enough. The hotel was very quick to find from the placa cataluna(where the aerobus stopped). Everywhere was an easy trip on the tourist bus or on foot from here. Yes the rooms are a bit small but i did not go to Barcelona to spend my time in the room! Every thing was very clean, and the staff were all friendly and helpful. the rooftop terrace lovely in the late evening to unwind with a glass of wine. Breakfast was excellent and the breakfast waitress was lovely, she did have some awkward customers to deal with one morning but she coped with a smile on her face. We had an evening meal on the night of our arrival and that was well prepared and fresh tasting. All in all i would say a very good base for a stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Christi_R
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! I stayed at the Pulitzer Hotel for around a week at the end of August 06. I am from the US and in my mid 20s. The hotel was in a great location, just steps from the Placa Catalyuna and Las Ramblas and right near the metro stop. Since it is on a side street, the hotel was quiet. It is a perfect spot if you want to be right near the action, but not in the middle of it. It is walking distance from shopping in the Barrio Gotico and restaurants on the Paseig de Gracia. The hotel staff was very friendly, helpful, and spoke English. They even helped us map out a road trip. The room was a good size, the bed was a comfortable queen (which is hard to find), and the bathroom was modern and a good size. The hotel itself is modern, and has the feel of a luxury hotel with the personality and service of a small hotel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona. I reserved the room through Clarion's website, and got a good rate. My only complaint about Clarion is if you book early and then need to cancel a day at the start of your trip, they will reprice your entire reservation. So if you book early, but may need to cancel a day, book two reservations on their website. We stayed at another hotel during our two week stay because the hotel was booked a few days, and all and all this was our favorite. The only thing missing was a business center with internet. However, I believe they have wireless if you bring your laptop. Barcelona is a great city, and the Pulitzer was top notch! I would like to go back.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NGW
<Content>Splendid hotel       The reception of Pulitzer Hotel  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>npm123
<Content>Excellent stylish  Unlike most city centre hotels the Pulitzer is great value for money with friendly and helpful staff and clean comfortable rooms. As said in previous reviews the rooms are on the small side but well designed and perfect for a city stay.The lounge/bar area is has a nice atmosphere and the cocktails are excellent but the bar does close at 12pm.We had breakfast included in our package and this is well worth doing as it costs 15euros per person otherwise, although the breakfast selection is good.We ate one evening in the hotel as my wife was not well. The staff went out of their way to organise a plain pasta dish just for her when they realised she was not well.( not difficult to create but it was the thought we were impressed with). The food in the restaurant for dinner was good but is not cheap compared to other restaurants in the city.One thing to be aware off is parking. We had a hire car, having driven up the coast ,and the hotel parking is in the underground public car park next to the hotel. This cost was 25 euros per day and this was a discounted rate for the hotel !!Overall we were impressed with the standard and would definitely use the hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sare77
<Content>Fantastic hotel - would definitely return! My husband and I have just returned from a three night stay in the Clarion Pultizer. The location could not have been more convenient, near the Ramblas and Plaza Catalunya (airport bus goes from here)Hotel staff were exceptionally friendly. Rooms were very stylish and the standard of cleanliness was excellent. Bed was really comfy. I notice that other reviews have said that rooms were noisy but we didnt hear any traffic noise in Room 115. We were particularly impressed with the breakfasts! My husband was disappointed that the bar closed before midnight on the Sunday evening. Would recommend this hotel to all and will return when next in Barcelona.....  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jillette
<Content>Okay if you like late 1990's minimalism style design My review of the Pulitzer is probably biased by the fact that I spent the 3 nights before my stay there at the Hotel Colon, which has in my opinion the best location in central Barcelona. Yes, the Pulitzer is a triumph of design, but the location, on one of the dull streets off Catalunya is seedy at best, and the hotel lets itself down in a number of aspects. First point to note is that if you have vertigo, or just a pretty severe fear of heights, then this is NOT the hotel for you. The glass lifts had me quaking in my boots, and the waist high glass railings which look out over the ground floor bar on each floor were enough to make me feel ill. I also wondered at the sense of the waist high railings - very little to prevent the intoxicated leaping over. The rooftop terrace is nice, again once you don't have a fear of heights, however the bar never seemed to be open although the hotel literature said that it opened from 8pm. The rooms are fashionable and comfortable, although the overall black and white aesthetic gives a rather clinical lasting impression. The bathroom was also a good size, with plenty of toiletries, but the sink and shower really lets the hotel down. The sink, of a freestanding marble square style WOULD NOT DRAIN! If for example, you washed your teeth, the sink would fill up and then take twenty minutes to drain. This problem must have existed before our stay, so I'm very surprised that the hotel placed anyone in the room. The showerhead also could not be removed, which reminded me of public swimming baths. But, for those for whom alcohol is key, the bar on the ground floor is lovely (though smoking), and the strawberry daiquiris will take some beating.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Yant
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here for three nights over the weekend, with ten friends. The staff were friendly and helpful, all the time. The bar prices were good, and the breakfast first class. The bedrooms were compact, but had nice quite air con, letting me sleep through the hot nights. The location was fantastic, by the plaza. Would go back in a flash.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caza
<Content>What a lovely hotel. M partner and I stayed at this hotel in July and would highly recommend to everybody.Hotel is clean, modern and airy. The staff are very friendly and will go out of their way to help you.Rooms are smaller than most hotel rooms but are airy, bright and clean and beds are comfortable.Location is perfect, just off Ramblas on a quiet street with everything near, great for shopping, restuarants etc, and you have free use of the nearby Holmes Place.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gary_MO
<Content>Perfect Perfect location - just a short walk from Las Ramblas. Great rooms - stylish and immaculately clean.Absolute bargain.Book it without reservation - this is a fautless hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AM-NOR
<Content>I'm picky... and I LOVED this hotel       The bar seen from 4. floor  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>raykm
<Content>Nice but small Good location, nice decor but very small room and restaurant closed on Sunday.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>llopez
<Content>Loved the Pulitzer       Our room  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blueaugusto
<Content>hard to fault and the glass lift is fantastic! I chose this hotel partly because I loved its funky decor from the website pictures, and I wasn't disappointed. The staff were friendly and courteous, though the barstaff were not too good on cocktails! Food in the restaurant was excellent, though sadly it's not open on sundays, meaning we had to resort to a limited and unimpressive room service menu. Rooms are small but tasteful with great bathrooms and showers, and I was sorely tempted to steal the wardrobe door handles as they were just what I'm looking for!The hotel has all the amenities you want - room safes, tv, great bar area, nice breakfast, newspapers, access to holmes gym with pool around the corner. I especially liked the glass lift (not so good if you're scared of heights!) and the way the rooms line the lobby which goes up to the roof - this means you can lean down from the 6th floor and shout at people in the bar!My only gripes would be the usual - not enough coat hangers (are hotels only allowed to have so many coat hangers on the premises?), no iron, crap room service menu and limited mini bar. Also the damn italian football supporters who sang and cheered all sunday nights whilst we were trying to sleep!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel  We stayed 5 days at the Pulitzer. The hotel has a modern sleek decor with a cool bar on the first floor. The staff was very helpful and very personable. It's location is a block from one end of Las Ramblas, which seemed to be where we spent most of our time. Everything really was walking distance from the hotel and Las Ramblas. Our only minor complaint is that they didn't have irons in the rooms (which seemed to be a European thing based on other countries visited with same trend). Iit took 3 days to get an iron, which was a pain having to deal with wrinkled clothes : (  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish, Modern  I stayed at the Pulitzer a few weeks ago with a group of friends for my 30th Birthday. We were all really impressed with the hotel. It is very stylish and contemporary with white leather sofas and dark wooden floors, a really nice bar and lovely roof terrace. The rooms are beautifully done as well, especially the bathrooms and the beds were really comfortable. The staff were also extremely helpful particularly Julian on reception who made some excellent restaurant recommendations. I can鈥檛 fault this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Clarion for 1 night in May and it was great! The rooms are very small, but nicely decorated with modern furnishings. The staff was very nice and helpful. You cannot beat the location! The hotel is located right around the corner from Las Ramblas. Wish we could have stayed longer but our cruise left the next day! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Service, Style Exceptional value - clean, modern and superb service. The staff was the BEST. Very helpful with our internet needs. Highly recommend - you won't be disappointed. Thank you Amanda for all your extra help.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful hotel We stayed several days at the Pulitzer and really enjoyed it. The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel is as cool as the pictures on the website portray it. We asked for a quiet room and were given a room on the back, which didn't have much of a view, but was quiet. The room was on the small side, but the beds were very comfortable and the decor and design was chic and modern. Our mini-bar was on the fritz which was a pain because we wanted to store wine in it, but he hotel provided buckets of ice from the bar, which worked out fine. On the roof they have a large, confortably furnished terrrace which doesn't overlook anything, but was a nice place to take drink and put your feet up at the end of the day. My wife ate at the restaurant and said her meal was excellent.The hotel is well located and very charming - highly recommeded.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karen7
<Content>Swish and a great location! We loved this hotel. It was 1 minute from Plaza Catalunya (with its great frequent airport bus and tourist tour buses) and Las Ramblas for the bars and nightlife. The staff were friendly and helpful and decor looked more 'W' than the lower grade this chain has in the US. Our room was swish with crisp white bed linen, huge bath towels, robes, slippers and cool dark wood floors. We found it the perfect location and very quiet, considering how central the hotel was. And we paid less than the $240 quoted here, more like 拢100/$180 per night.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a gem. We were a little concerned about this hotel being a Clarion Hotel based on what this means in the US, so we were blown away when we found our hotel and checked in. It reminds me of a W Hotel (sorry no W bed) as the decor is impressive right down to the doorknobs. The rooms are small, but we stayed on the 5th floor so only had to walk up a short flight of stairs to get to a wonderful rooftop terrace that was so civilized and peaceful that we went there to relax. It was an incredible value, the location is great as it is very near Las Ramblas and Old Town but also the Eixample District. If you can, get a rate that includes breakfast as it is excellent and the dining room is delightful. The only slight problem was connecting to the internet but we experienced that a lot on our trip to Spain. Enjoy Barcelona!  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Modern, Cool The hotel is in a great location next to las ramblas...but even more importantly, it is very sophisticated, stylish and initimate. The front desk can help you get on the guestlist for any club and also reserve any restaurant for you. Julian is very helpful, has great insider tips and recommendations. Instead of choosing a huge, impersonal hotel...try something like the pulitzer so you can get a better feel for modern barcelona and . it's a cosy and classy place.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Great Location        view from room  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel - bad soundproofing! Stayed here late March 2006. I agree with other reviews that this hotel is in an excellent location and that it is stylish. What has not been mentioned, and maybe it only affects rooms overlooking Bergara (or Vergara) Street, is the noise. We were on the first floor. The soundproofing on the balcony doors is non existant. The street and traffic noise from people going by lasts until about 4am. Then building work appeared to start close by, at least that is what it sounded like - rubble being poured down a funnel into a skip. The hotel next door looked like it was being renovated. Then there was the garbage collection. Then the street cleaners hose down the roads and pavements, then the morning traffic starts up again (except Sunday). Got about 4 hours sleep a night at best!Probably can't blame the hotel for the noise but they should put in better glazing.Other than that the hotel was great. Breakfast was filling and was a good start to the long day. The bar was relaxed and the roof terrace was nice for a rest and a view during the day or night, although the outdoor bar was not open when we were there (bring your own beer!). The Metro station is just round the corner and the bus from the Airport ( a bargain at 3.75 Euro) drops you off at the other side of Placa Catalunya Sq (outside the Cort Ingles department store). We will definitely return to Barcelona, and now that we know where everything is, will have a more relaxing time.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Minky007
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed at the hotel for two nights, for a wedding anniversary trip to Barcelona.The hotel is on a side road. It is in a fantastic location, just off Placa Catalunya. Make sure you take the open top bus from here. This is the best way to see the city and gain perspective.We arrived before our room was ready (at 1pm) but they quickly sorted this. Our room (111) was lovely. Long and narrow but didn't feel small (probably because of the high ceilings). The bathroom was also lovely with big fluffy towels!Within a few minutes of being in our room, there was a knock on the door and a bottle of Champagne, with the compliments of the hotel staff (for our anniversary). A lovely little touch!I only have a couple of negative comments for the hotel. First, the English language TV channels in the room are limited. We didn't spend very much time in the room but it would've been nice to watch something other than Sky News/CNN/MTV when we were there!Second, is that the hotel is noisy. This is due to a combination of hardwood floors throughout the hotel and open internal balconies on each floor, which made noise travel and echo throughout the building.My tip for this is to request a room as far away from the lifts as possible. I can't guarantee that this will solve the problem but may help!Barcelona is a fantastic city. Lots to see and do and great food.If you don't mind paying, go to Noti and Moo for some delicious food!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>timdon
<Content>Excellent apart from a sore shoulder Pulitzer is in possibly the best location in Barcelona - just off the Parc de Catalunya, one minute from the top of Las Ramblas. Inside, the hotel looks great and the staff are extremely helpful. The rooms are on the smaller side, but not uncomfortably so and we were asked on arrival if we wanted a queen bed rather than two singles so no complaints there. The bathroom was good with both power shower and bath. The bar is a great place to relax and there is a health club with pool about 5 minutes away. Whilst Pulitzer has all the ingredients of an excellent hotel, unfortunately it's not quite there. The rooms look great but the finish in ours (211) was poor in places: many of the metal switch and socket covers were loose, I had to fix a bedside light and the air con wasn't particularly powerful. However possibly the worst design glitch was hanging the plasma TV five feet up a wall only a foot and a half from the end of the bed - this meant anyone over four and a half foot tall (i.e. me) caught their shoulder on it everytime they walked by). Despite these minor glitches, this is still a very good hotel in a superb location and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Very nice city hotel, good value Pulitzer is a very nice small hotel in the very centre of Barcelona, with everything at just a few steps.The rooms are maybe a bit too small, but we didn't mind that much because we were out most of the time.Modern, neutral design, very good service and the only thing that really bothered me was that you actually don't have a queen bed but two singles that are connected into a queen, so it's not very convenient if you're staying with the loved one. And the beds are really small, and I'm really tall, so i actually felt like i was on a school vacation :)Besides that, i think this a good hotel for the good price and would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yvrprincess
<Content>Everything is just perfect I loved this hotel so much that I have recommended this to so many family and friends. They loved it too. Location is great at the quiet side but within walking distance to La Rambla, restaurants and the largest El Corte Ingles dept store in Barcelona.Everything is so modern and they have complete bathroom amenities. Since we stayed twice at this hotel once had just a shower and another time had a bathtub.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MCvandeRiet
<Content>Stylish, hip and classy We just got back from the Pulitzer. It is stylish, perfect location and perfect lounge with great service. Go there!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AndrewandJenny
<Content>Lovely, friendly hotel       Room showing comfortable bed  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent base to explore Barcelona I surprised my wife with a trip to Barcelona for her birthday and after a shaky start (missed connecting flight in Frankfurt) we arrived at The Pulitzer, late, tired and stressed. First impression was that it is much bigger than it appears on the websites. Once inside it is as funky and contemporary as I had expected. The staff made us feel very welcome and give us a good room with a balcony. OK the rooms aren鈥檛 huge but they aren鈥檛 pokey either. We found our room very comfortable and relaxing. As for street noise or banging doors, we hardly noticed it. The hotel bar is great for just hanging/chilling out after a hard day shopping and its also worth checking out the roof terrace, weather permitting. Breakfast was a little expensive I thought and yes the scrambled eggs are smelly but they taste fine. On the whole this is a contemporary, relaxed hotel with a brilliant location (easy walking distance for great food, shopping and sight seeing) and great staff in a great city and I would stay here again, no problem. Lastly if you鈥檙e lucky enough to have Ed on reception he is a diamond for recommending great places to eat and pointing you in the right direction. D.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SCJL
<Content>Hip but quirky My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer for 4 nights recently. The hotel is really new and hip and has a great restaurant. It is also in a great location near the Rambla, within walking distance to many tourist sites in the city. On the other hand, the place has its quirks that get old pretty quickly. Our room had recurring electrical and heat problems and while the staff was friendly, they were pretty ineffectual about really fixing anything or making any reasonable accommodation on our rates, etc. Also, while the hardwood floors are really nice appearance-wise, they also result in a pretty considerable amount of noise being transmitted from room to room. In all a good hotel for the money, but it still seems to have some growing pains to work out.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient and Contemporary We paid US $200 + tax for this room and felt that was a bit much for what we got. HOWEVER, if you are looking for a modern hotel with the perfect location, and are not willing to pay top dollar, then the Pulitzer is a good choice.There are a few drawbacks. The rooms are very small (we only bring carry-on luggage when we travel, yet there was barely room to store it). We also found that the maids had not cleaned our room very well when we arrived.On the plus side, the furnishings were stylish and new. The lobby and adjacent bar were sleek and inviting, with numerous cozy couches and a library of books. The breakfast (included in the price we paid) was much more than we expected, and offered a large assortment of fresh pastries, rolls, meats, and fruit.The location is the best feature, however. The hotel literally sits in the center of where you want to be. Walk one way and you get to the waterfront. Walk the other way and you're on the major shopping thoroughfare. Walk the other way and you hit some of the architectural highlights. Ironically, it is tucked away on a street that doesn't get much traffic, and is pretty quiet. For us, the perfect location is what makes the Pulitzer a place we'd return to.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Moreea1
<Content>A Must Stay! My daughter and I stayed in Spain for 7 days and ended up at the Pulitzer after our experience at the first hotel went bad. We randomly walked in and asked if they had rooms available and they were able to accomodate us for the remaining of our trip. After reading a few of the reviews about smelly eggs, no hot water, and small rooms. I'm sorry to say but it is Europe, learn to deal. I'm Spanish American and smelly eggs are farm fresh eggs which Americans are not use to eating (our chickens are raised on steroids). The rooms are not as small as people have stated. Yes, there is hot water! If you are like me that only likes 4 stars and above this is the place to stay. You are on the corner of the center near all the top shops and Las Ramblas. The staff is very friendly and helpful with anything you need. The hotel is located in a safe place of town where you can walk at any time of day or night. The breakfast is prepared Spanish style and very fresh and delicious. The rate is not bad at all considering the center location. If you are looking for a great, safe and nice place to stay I totally recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amy52
<Content>Modern  I thought this was a lovely little hotel, particularly considering how inexpensive it is. Our room was small but well equiped (not so good for business travel but fine for holidays), clean and very new. The noise of doors banging in the corridor was a little loud, but didn't keep either of us awake after our first night.The bar was cool without being pretentious, although quite quiet, and the staff were lovely (we did make the effort to use what little Spanish we know, which maybe helps). The hotel's location, right at the top of the Ramblas, is excellent for all the touristy parts of the city. Next time we go to Barcelona, we're definitely staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lara79
<Content>Very nice Very nice hotel.We are stay at the hotel this summer. The service of the desk personnal was very friendly and they give us good adres for spanish tapas.The room was very clean and not noisy. Our room has situated on 3th floor.Wel didn't we found any information map about services and opening hour for the bar, the restaurant and breakfast ...  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KeithTalent
<Content>A chain hotel pretending to be a boutique I wouldn't stay here again, despite a great location (v. central, just off Plaza de Catalunya) and designer (if empty) bar. Stayed 3 nights - one day there was literally no hot water at all, the next there was no cold water at all, only scalding hot. They acknowledged they are having problems - but this isn't much consolation. Rooms were very smart, if a little small. They were noisy, thanks to clunkingly heavy doors which slam constantly. Rooftop bar was good on Thursday nights when there is a DJ, but appeared to be closed otherwise (you could still sit up there on the sofas etc though).Check the status of the plumbing before you book - other guests were also left without hot and/or cold water during their stay.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SonOfBruin2
<Content>nice location, excellent service I stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer from August 15-19 with my family in two double rooms. The rooms are small (maybe 9 feet across), as noted by other reviewers, but they are well laid out and appointed nicely with modern furnishings and prints. One room (which we moved out of) had a support column in the middle, but most other rooms do not (I think it was room 314). There was minimal noise from outside the hotel, but any noise from the hall reverberates in your room, especially doors slamming. None of us really figured out the funky recessed lighting switches, but that was a non-issue really. My only other minor gripe was with the air conditioning (individual thermostats, but the hotel controls the a/c?), which all of Spain it seems has yet to master. The location could not have been much better -- literally within walking distance of everything. There is no gym on site but you get free access to the Holmes Place gym 4 blocks away. It doesn't compare to U.S. mega-gyms, but it's better than most hotel fitness rooms, and there is a pool, sauna, steam room, and towel service. At the hotel there is a lovely rooftop deck/garden for sunbathing during the day, and the bar hosts a weekly event there on Thursday nights -- very cool. The lobby is ultra-hip and boasts a large fragrant bouquet, a bar within the hotel's atrium, and a small library and reading room. It all feels very Design Within Reach.The service is the greatest asset of the Hotel Pulitzer. Every staff member is very friendly, helpful, and speaks English (maybe not the housekeeping staff). At the breakfast buffet (which I highly recommend) we complained that the scrambled eggs smelled/tasted weird and were politely offered fried eggs instead -- and they were delicious. The following mornings, upon entering the restaurant, the waitress remembered us and asked how many fried eggs we would like that morning -- THAT'S service. The tasty pastries are worth a mention as well. The front desk also recommended a tapas bar not far from the hotel -- Ciudad Condal -- which I in turn highly recommend to everyone else. When my camera broke and we tried to contact a Canon store in Barcelona, the woman at the front desk called for us to inquire about store location/hours. I cannot stress enough just how great all the staff were. I would stay here again (if I ever make it back to Barcelona).  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>west12
<Content>Excellent with one but This is a great hotel in a great location with very helpful staff. It is very stylish and although the rooms are small they were not claustrophobic. Breakfasts were good in a very pleasant setting. Price is reasonable for the quality. I would definitely stay again. Only one 'but', mentioned by other people - instead of nice double bed to cuddle in a romantic city, we were given two single beds pushed together. We didn't want to waste time and effort asking why and for a different room - and in the end I was sorry I didn't push the point. But that said - don't hesitate to book this hotel - you are right in the centre of all the action, close to important transport links, and with a bit of style - which is what Bareclona is all about!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>worldtravellerNorway
<Content>A nice Hotel with a great location, but..... My wife and I had two separate stays at the Hotel Clarion Pulitzer hotel in August this year, both stays was booked through Expedia, as separate bookings. I will start to say: The hotel is only one year old, and generally nice, except for a few thinks about the rooms. In the two different rooms we had, the material of the sink in the bathrooms was not of marble or of porcelain, but of a stone material. Unfortunately the stone material, after what I could understand, can not bee cleaned orderly with usual cleaning remedies, and the sinks therefore looked a bit unhygienic, with stains on it. The same problem was also with the stone tiles on the bathroom floors.The two rooms we had, was after my opinion, on the small side.I find it also strange that an only one year old hotel is not better soundproofed. There was a little noise from the corridor and from the street.The location of the hotel is very great and central, the staff in the reception is both polite and also helpful concerning giving advice about what to see, what to do and for example - how to use the public transportation system in Barcelona and the surroundings.The Hotel has a Bar and a Restaurant, but I could not observe many guests in the Restaurant.If you don't have breakfast included in your reservation, it could be wise to eat another place. The Hotel breakfast is expensive.Our first stay was from 5th to 6th August this year. We were pleased with this stay. Unfortunately, our second stay from 13th to 15th August 2005 was an unpleasant experience. When checking out after our first stay, we were told that our reservation for the second stay was not in the hotel鈥檚 files. However the Hotel promised us to sort out the reservation problem 鈥?while we were on a weeks cruise. After returning to the Hotel on Saturday 13th August, to our surprise the staff had not done anything to solve the problem. We then asked the receptionist to call Expedia, but we were told that it was not possible to contact Expedia during weekends. That was a lie. When I called Expedia on my mobile, after a few minutes I got contact with a very service-minded and professional employee from Expedia, which sorted out the reservation problem with the Hotel.If you should meet problems with your reservation at the Hotel Clarion Pulitzer Hotel, my advice is then to take immediate action on yourselves, and not only thrust what the hotel staff tells you.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesley
<Content>ace place We spent three nights here in July, it is beautifully air conditioned, in a fantastic position just off the ramblas. The rooms are not large, but they are so well designed that they don't feel small at all and they have nice high ceilings. We had a standard room at the front of the hotel with a balcony. There are only 6 suites in the hotel and they are booked early. The staff are some of the best I have ever encountered. They give you three books as you arrive to keep with all the info. you could need.Bathrooms are great, large, lots of towels, marble and hot water.We ate at the restaurant you can be outside or in, the food is delicious, staff are friendly and efficient. The bar is nice and often buzzy it is modern and arty as well as having lovely old touches to give it atmosphere  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel, staff and value From a recommendation on this site, my husband, son and I spent a week at the Pulitzer this month. It's perfectly located on a quiet street right off the Plaza Catalunya, two blocks from the start of La Rambla (main walking street) and all roads leading to other parts of town. The hotel is brand new, not yet listed in all the guide books, boutique-style, modern and friendly. Lots of dark wood, white sofas/furniture, modern art and very high ceilings. The rooms are built around an atrium with glass elevators. The rooms are very large, clean, modern, quiet and have a flat screen tv and the bathrooms are very large with all the amenities.The spacious bar/lobby area is an oasis from the hot weather - the bartenders are spirited and friendly. You have a choice to sit outside or in a lovely garden for breakfast. The breakfast is included in the room rate and offers many choices from all kinds of fruit to eggs, meats, cheeses, breads, cereals and yogurt.The front desk staff is fantastic. Everyone speaks English and are all knowledgeble and friendly. Julian, the night manager, knows all the ins and outs of Barcelona from years of experience in the hotel business in Barcelona.I highly recommend this hotel and will return; we had a great trip to Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelcritic-ca
<Content>Very Nice The hotel is located in the heart of the shopping area. The rooms are comfortable and very art nouveau with dark wood floors and lots of funky artwork. The price we paid walking off the street was reasonable based on the others in the area. The only negative is that for being 1 year old it they seem to have neglected the ongoing maintenance, nicks in the wall, scratches on the floors etc, but other than that it was marvelous.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lrnyn
<Content>Excellent value Just returned from 3 night stay. I usually frequent newer 4-5 star hotels. Location is excellent on a side street next to the Paca de Catalunya. Nice rooms with spacious bathrooms, free high speed internet. Staff is very helpful. Roof top bar is nice but usually pretty deserted. Breafast is excellent. Holmes Gym is a very nice fitness facility about 5 blocks away. Use is complimentary for guests. Subway close by. Overall, a nice hotel well worth considering. Would consider staying again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Massimo_C
<Content>Don't pay top dollar... This hotel enjoys a perfect location. It's on a side street between the start of La Rambla (main walking street) and roads leading to the nicer, less touristy end of town. There are a few other hotels next door and across the road (Best Western Regina  Catalonia). Style:Boutique, modern and cooly casual. Lots of dark wood and white sofas/furniture. The photos depict the style accurately, but the quality is not exceptional. The hotel tries to be fashionable looking and a little arty. Room style was modern and had flat screen tv. Highpoints:Room size - quite good. Our room had a balcony overlooking the street - not much to see, but nice regardless. Bathroom generally well sized, with modern fixtures. Very clean.Bar area was relaxed and spacious - big, white leather lounges, red asian looking bar etc. The breakfast area was lovely - with bright, airy inside seating and a pretty courtyard outside with flowers and sunshine. Helpful concierge, no attitude.Lowpoints:The hotel claims 4 stars, however nothing was done to make our stay special. No turn down service, no flowers etc. We were given two separately made single beds which had been pushed together, which I thought unusual. No bath, no tea/coffee making facilities, only 1 english tv station (CNN), no iron. The shower itself wasn't lit and was black, so a little dark.Breakfast was average, apart from the setting. In my view, the quality of a hotel's scambled eggs is very important - here: inedible. There was a little noise from the street and from the hallway - ie rooms didn't appear well soundproofed.Not all the furnishings were high quality and in parts the hotel looked a little cheap in execution. Ie, don't expect polished, luxury furnishings and you won't be disappointed. Would I stay again:I have no real complaints and would not advise someone against staying here. No doubt you would be quite comfortable. But depending on the money, next time I'd consider somewhere else in the same area. Don't pay a fortune for it. Have stayed in far nicer places for the euros we paid here.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Style in Barcelona I went to this hotel last summer with my wife and I had a great time.This hotel offers one of the best locations: steps away from las Ramblas. If you want to enjoy the best of Barcelona's nightlife, this is the place to be. This must be one of the best hotels in the city, with a beautiful rooftop bar and a neat and unique interior design.We are planning to come back to this hotel for certain next july, when we are visiting the city again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - where was the air-conditioning?       Roof terrace  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Spent two night here with a friend on a shopping expedition. We selected this hotel after reading the reviews and were not dissapointed, Fantastic location right on Placa de Catalunya. Booked through Expedia, rooms small but of high standard, clean  fantastic bathrooms. Excellent roof terrace  bar. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sftravel
<Content>We love the Pulitzer! My husband and I recently returned from a trip to Europe. While in Barcelona, we stayed at the Pulitzer for 6 nights and cannot rave enough about it. The hotel itself is very nice - although the rooms are on the small side, the bed was very comfortable and the bathrooms are nicely decorated. The hairdryer works well and the towels are large and fluffy. The in-room safe is also a nice feature for passports, money, etc. Breakfast was included with our rate and was absolutely fabulous. The food selection was wonderful, there was something for everyone. The staff at the Pulitzer is very helpful and friendly. They gave us great recommendations for restaurants and also made the reservations for us. Besides the actual hotel, one of the best things about the Pulitzer is the location. In my opinion, you can't really ask for a more central location in Barcelona. It is on a quieter side street but still within walking distance to many important sights. We would definitely stay at the Pulitzer again!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful choice for Barca My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in early April, and we would definitely return, no question. It's on a side street right next to Placa Catalunya, v. convenient to anywhere you want to go, and we were not bothered by street noise. The staff was excellent, quite friendly and helpful. I saw desk staff switch between english, spanish, catalan, and french without batting an eye, and they helped us make arrangements to the airport (cab ride was about 25EUR, 35 minutes on a weekday morning) and lent us an ethernet cable to use the broadband connx in the room. The pics on the hotel website are quite accurate. The desk, lobby, and bar are tasteful and modern, very comfortable. Glass elevators, and you can look down from all floors to see the bar area and check out what's going on. The roof terrace is nice too.Our room was on the small side at the end of a hall as we booked through expedia, but perfectly decorated, very sleek and modern w/ hardwood floors, marble bath, flat panel tv mounted on the wall, lots of dark wood. V. comfortable double bed, and windows opened. You control the thermostat, and the lights are all on dimmers. They provide robes, slippers, lots of towels, hair dryer, and other toiletries.We checked out the bar one night, and it's a fairly quiet but relaxing scene with lots of seating on couches. Great bartenders. The restaurant was nice too, we ate a delicious breakfast there each day, and they have everything you could possibly want.If you are a light sleeper, you might be disturbed by noise from other guests. The doors all have a tendancy to close heavily, and you can hear voices from the hall now and then. Nothing earplugs wouldn't take care of, and it didn't really bother us. We also didn't check out the health club next door, but were told we were entitled to free passes. Maybe next time.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dissapointed with expensive nice hotel, I just returned from barcelona spain, vienna, prague, budapest and munich germany,Barcelona , spain,- do not stay at the clarion pulitzer near las ramblas, I arrived in the evening, they took my credit card, passport information, and I had requested a restaurant for me and my kids to go out to eat at. we went out, came back, and the next morning when i wanted to ck out. there was a dinner charge from the hotel on my bill, the only way, from that evening until the next morning to get a charge on my bill was from the staff using my information and trying to sign the dinner charge with my name. to my room. In other words make sure you ck your bill before leaving the hotel. they have some scam going on . Las ramblas is not a safe area, either are the subways, the so called gypsies are causing distractions so others can pickpocket you, i witness it on the subway with an accordian player. they work in teams . I saw wallets getting passed and within seconds the person was off the subway. be careful. the food in barcelona was not the best either unless you like shrimp w/the heads on them or at fancy restaurants. the hoof and leg of the animal clamped in a device in the middle of the dining room, it was not very appealing to me. On the positive side, there is alot to do there, the on /off sightseeing bus was wonderful, sagradia familiar is best to see 1st thing in the morning, climbing up all the stairs, is definitly tiring on the legs, they shook for 5 minutes after i came down. the view is amazing up there, yes and there is a elevator with a long wait. anyways, glad to be back in the usa!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms, fantastic service We just got back from Barcelona and can tell you that this hotel is fabulous. The rooms are modern and sleek and comfortable in terms of space. More importantly, the hotel staff were extremely helpful and went well beyond our expectations.My wife and I got shellfish poisoning during our last night. They were very sympathetic and did everything they could to make us comfortable including going to the pharmacy to pick up the prescription drugs - this was something we would never expect a hotel to do. Furthermore, seeing our unfavourable position, they even gave us a complimentary late check-out until 7PM.The location is fantastic - right in the middle of everything in terms of eating, shopping and night life. I'd recommend anyone to stay here.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - really pleased with it. We stayed at the Pulitzer for 5 nights. It's a well designed minimalist style hotel. The rooms are very good - we stayed at the front and it's totally quiet with the windows closed. With them open ( we like the fresh air and it was fresh, believe me), it's still ok since it's not a very noisy street.It was a cold stay in Barcelona - it snowed for a few hours one day. But it was always a pleasure to come back to the Pulitzer - lovely and warm and staff always welcoming. The location is ideal for Catalunya Square with quick access to all transport, tourist buses, airport buses and La Rambla.The staff are really friendly, efficient and helpful. We didn't eat dinner at the hotel but the menu looked good. Breakfast was just right for us - buffet style but staff helping you in their usual efficient way.We like finding good hotels - it's always a pleasant surprise. This is a good one. We'd very happily go back - now if we could. And, it confirmed how useful Tripadvisor is. We had booked another hotel until we read their reviews ( yes, I know, I should have done that first ). We cancelled and found this via Tripadvisor.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>delsuth
<Content>First Class Hotel We stayed for a long weekend just before Christmas and found the hotel to be perfect. fabulous decor , wonderful service, and a first rate location...... its a pity we can't keep it for ourselves!! we'll be back to Barcelona and will not consider staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PLBNorthernIreland
<Content>Fantastic hotel Like all the other reviews we read, we loved this hotel. Service was superb and the reception staff were friendly, helpful and great at recommending restaurants to visit in the evenings, they even booked them for us and orgnised taxis. The reataurant in the hotel was excellent too and very reasonably priced. The rooms were very cool - a bit like the Morrison Hotel in Dublin, minimalist and chic. Can't wait to go back  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>krisp28
<Content>Comfortable and competent   showReview(3234473, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harding1
<Content>Loved it   showReview(3223372, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>N238PJD
<Content>This Is the One   showReview(3215226, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THIS MUST BE THE BEST HOTEL IN BARCELONA BUT DONT TELL TOO MANY PEOPLE   showReview(3174869, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic All Round Hotel, 5 Star Service, Location and Accommodation   showReview(3013287, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great staff,great hotel   showReview(3007244, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Slick and Chic!   showReview(2813188, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AhmetIstanbul
<Content>Best choice   showReview(2799027, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coolest place in the city   showReview(2772591, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Style, Great Location   showReview(2307100, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wurschtli
<Content>Gutes Hotel der oberen Mittelklasse   showReview(22006038, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>alfonsoggb
<Content>Bonito Hotel, Demasiado Ruidoso   showReview(20061195, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerais !   showReview(19636950, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswertes Hotel f眉r kunst- und designinteressierte Reisende   showReview(19636951, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>milvo
<Content>Une vraie deception!   showReview(18215899, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super stadthotel   showReview(17435375, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel design, tr猫s bien plac茅, mais des techniques domotiques mal ma卯tris茅es.   showReview(16604201, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16604200, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moixos
<Content>excelente ubicacion   showReview(16020631, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	3	3	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gibt mehr f眉rs Geld anderswo!   showReview(14730198, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel um Barcelona...   showReview(16724885, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arnouck
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 / prix.   showReview(14134149, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un premier s茅jour excellent...   showReview(16725953, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>la chaleur 茅tait intenable dans la chambre , nous 茅tions oblig茅s d ouvrir les fen锚tres   showReview(13978032, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hotel id茅alement situ茅, au...   showReview(13930002, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>centralissimo   showReview(13978031, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabounette16
<Content>tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(13384115, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>der ruhende Punkt mitten im Centrum !   showReview(13978030, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr freundliches und sch枚nes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(11305472, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lollemio
<Content>gran bell'albergo   showReview(10325227, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TOUPIEVOYOU
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(8433497, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Nicolas_from_Paris
<Content>H么tel tr猫s inspir茅, au confort douillet et au service impeccable       lounge  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pilgrim38
<Content>Non Male!!   showReview(8129999, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(11388091, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TGAUTIER
<Content>bon h么tel mais ...   showReview(6458433, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>livorno54
<Content>Ottimo albergo centrale       La nostra stanza  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder !   showReview(11378246, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>passez votre chemin   showReview(11378245, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11357088, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11357083, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Menorca2006
<Content>Excelente   showReview(5539736, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iloveafrica2
<Content>Klasse Hotel!   showReview(5358555, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

