<Author>dottie dog
<Content>Awful - stay somewhere else! This hotel is overpriced, tired, terrible service. Front desk can't be bothered to help either checking in, asking for restaurant choices, checking out, etc. Hotel is old, overpriced and just not worth the bother. Get a better hotel and take a cab to the pier. that's all this place is good for if you are about to embark on a cruise. And even then, I would never recommend.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Maxx144
<Content>Not recommended - offers little except location There are four reasons to stay at the Sheraton in Old San Juan:-It is clean and recently refurbished.-You want to spend a day walking around Old San Juan 鈥?which is fun.-There are some interesting local restaurants within walking distance.-You are sailing from the cruise dock across the street. (But note that the Caribbean Princess and the some other large ships sometime sail from the Pan American pier, an $18.00 taxi ride though traffic to from the Sheraton.)Otherwise, this is an expensive, rather unpleasant hotel with little to recommend it.We had a 鈥渂etter鈥?room with a partial water view. With an armoire instead of a closet and a small window with a permanent wooden shade, the room seemed small and crowded. With the exception of the check in desk and a few couches, the entire lobby area has been turned over to a noisy casino. There is a hamburger restaurant on the ground floor and a typical hotel restaurant on the second floor. Given much better alternatives in the neighborhood, we saw no reason to eat at either. Internet is $10/day. If you have a laptop, try Starbucks.The dinky gym on floor 9 has two treadmills, a few trainers and a rickety universal. A rather nice compact pool area on the same floor is marred by blastingly loud music.And let鈥檚 not forget the bellman who walked down our hallway at 7:30 am Sunday morning, loudly whistling Christmas carols and slamming doors as he picked up luggage. We would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>AVD29
<Content>Good for an Overnight Stay We stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan the night before embarking on a cruise. We had lost our bags en route and the front desk staff was very helpful (got us toiletries, contacted the airline). We are spg gold members and we were upgraded to a suite which was very nice considering the hotel was full. The rooms are just average for a starwood property, but about what you would expect for the Sheraton brand. The hotel is older and does have the smell which is common to all old hotels on the water. The roof top pool is nice and was not too crowded. The location is really one of the major positives, right in the middle of old San Juan, close proximity to historic sites, shopping and the pier. Right in the middle of the action if you like going out at night. I am pretty sure you are paying for the location and not the inside of the hotel. I would recommend this hotel was a single night stay before a flight or a cruise, but it is definitely not the kind of place for a vacation.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>6558
<Content>Good location for Carnival cruise guest pre/post We arrived on Saturday around 430p. There were only a few people ahead of us in line, but I believe we arrived after the crowd. Our luggage was sent up to our room in the next elevator after us. We stayed one night prior to a Carnival cruise and chose this hotel only because we could walk our bags across to the port. You are only able to walk to the Carnival port, if I was taking another cruise line, I would stay elsewhere and cab it. The staff was friendly and as accomidating as they could be. Rooms were clean and ours didn't have a view, but than again we didn't pay for one. I feel they do upgrade you and are nicer when they are less crowded. It seems at times they don't have enough staff working to accomidate the crowds and a lot of tension comes from that. Also, they only have 2 elevators so it takes a lot of time to get to and from your room and we happened to be on the 9th floor, so taking the stars each time was not always an option. We had them hold our bags after we checked out and it did take about 30 minutes for them to bring them to us. The hotel was a mad house sunday from about 1030A and it still was when we left at 1230p. I'm use to paying alot for drinks, I live in Chicago, however the drinks in the Burger place were outrageous and most of what we had were the local beer.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>newtrackduq
<Content>Great Location My friend and I spent one night at the Sheraton Old San Juan. We checked in with no problems around 3:00 pm on a Friday. The staff was VERY friendly and we even got a free upgrade on our room! The beds were very comfortable and the room was clean and modern. We had a small balcony but not a great view. The location of this hotel was great for nightlife and exploring Old San Juan. Just a few block away were a number of bars and clubs, as well are restaurants, shopping, and the historic Fort. We had a great time! I definietly recommend eating at Raices and Puerto Rico Cafe which are only 2 blocks from the hotel. For 20 somethings i recommend the nightlife at Dragon Fly, Marmalade, and MILK. The hotel was also accross the street from the cruise port and most of the guests seemed to be staying at the Sheraton because of its location to the port. I had a great time in Old San Juan and staying at the Sheraton was a great choice. Although the lobby did get VERY crowded when we check out at 11am on Saturday, the staff was very quick and accomidating. the valet was very quick with getting our car. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>campriley
<Content>Happy with the Sheraton We arrived on a Wed at 2:30pm. No problem getting into the room. We had reserved the AAA rate and we were upgrade free of charge. All staff we met were very pleasant and helpful. The room was clean. We were on the 8th floor and the hallways were very musty. The pool is small. The view from the pool area is fantastic. The hot tub was only lukewarm. The location of the hotel can not be beat. You can walk across the street for a free shuttle around OSJ. There is a Harley Davidson clothing store in the Sheraton shopping complex next door. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>iloveitloud71m
<Content>Convenience! Convienience is king . Location , location , location! Pre or post cruisers , This is the most convenient place to stay. After walking off the cruise ship, across the street you can leave your luggage t as you wait for the afternoon check in so you can walk around and explore Old San Juan . Bi-lingual ,Friendly , helpfull front desk , even as the front lobby was mobbed with cruisers , luggage , you name it . Porters did a great job with our luggage! The rooms were alittle musty upon check-in , bathroom door was installed backwards , shower nozzle dows have a few leaks , a little pricey as well . A little less than one would expect from a Sheraton in the states .  After considering other places to stay , you'll end up in the heart of Old San Juan anyway , so just stay there avoid taking taxi's and buses . Hard Rock Cafe  Senor Frogs  tons of things all within walking distance. Sheraton is a good base to work from.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>mollyanne
<Content>Almost impossible to check-in - Beware! Booked this hotel through Hotwire many months before and got a great deal - however, it may not have been worth it for the aggravation suffered.We arrived here on a Sunday afternoon around 1:20. The line was already horrendous but the worst was still to come! There were 3 cruise ships disembarking in San Juan this day and the Sheraton OSJ was in no position to accept the incoming guests.Pre-registration was done and we were told they start giving out keys at 3 PM. We moved to the restaurant Chicago Burger and had a decent lunch while we waited. Food was good - service was a little slow.At 2:50 we got back in the dreaded line and were told rooms were not ready. OK - wait some more - at 3:30 we are back in line and once we reach the desk we are told Nope - still no rooms. I very calmly said that was fine - I would wait at the desk til one was ready, as I was not going through that line once more!They told me I could not wait at the desk and since I refused to move they did call security! Fine - he stood behind me but I did succeed in getting one of our 2 rooms. The very rude front desk staff did promise our luggage would be brought to the room and another room key would be delivered within 10 minutes....whatever....they just wanted me away from the desk so we all got our wishes.The security guard did promise my husband that he would stay on it and true to his word we had our luggage and another room within 10 minutes. Our room was on the 9th floor - near the roof top pool. It was very dark and had the appearance of being clean but I'm not totally sure. The lighting was very poor - not even a lamp on the desk. No closet - just an armoire - that's OK because we're only staying one night. Happy to see an operating safe in the room as I have learned to trust no one! The bathroom was very large but once again I wasn't sure about the cleanliness and thought I saw a bug in the corner - it turned out to be fluff but why was it there in the first place? The bed was very comfortable and we did sleep well.Enjoyed a nice breakfast in Pallio the next morning - the staff was friendly and the portions were large.The final insult from the front desk was that they could not - or would not? - make change so we could tip the valet.We were told the hotel check-in nightmare happens every Sunday so beware - you could spend hours trying to get a room. Other guests told us the hotel has a practice of allowing guests to enjoy a late check out, for a fee, and this is why rooms are not ready at the prescribed check in time. Whether this is true or not I do not know. I only know we will never stay there again no matter what the price.The location is perfect - the one true plus for this hotel. You can walk anywhere in Old San Juan and the waterfront area. Next time we will stay in the Isla Verde area and take cabs!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>TSTBlondie
<Content>This place ROCKS !!! I never leave reviews for anything, but since I utilized trip advisor to help me find a place - I thought now would be a good time to return the favor. The Sheraton is hands down an amazing place to stay - I had a phenomenal view overlooking the bay with 2 huge balconies - the service was superb, the staff were the same - I could not have asked for a better stay in Old San Juan. This place is really in a phenomenal location - I walked to everything and pretty much saw all the sights there was to see in Old San Juan (and then some). I ate at a small cafe just behind the hotel called Cafe Berlin - it was AMAZING !!! I also ate at Cafe El Punto - again, AMAZING !!! Also, you MUST try the Pina Coloda's at Barrachina - again, AMAZING !!! What can I say, I was surprised by all the good food I ate and I have a very picky appetite !!! I hope to visit San Juan again in the future and if my travel plans have me in Old San Juan - I will DEF be choosing the Sheraton again !!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PowerfulV6
<Content>Absolutely Extraordinary We stayed at this location for one night as we were told that it is right across the street from the port for a cruise. Our cruise ship was leaving the following day at 8p. The location is excellent as it is within walking distrance of many attractions. The check in was quick  we were given a room with a view of the port and of the city. The bed was comfortable; the room was OK; however, we spent the majority of our time outside enjoying the city. The staff was friendly/attentive and informed us of many places to visit while in Old San Juan. Try Racies? restaurant (just down the street  up the stairs from the hotel) for authentic PR food; however you may have to wait for a table. The breakfast buffet was good. Check out went smoothly  the doorman secured us a taxi very quickly for our ride to the cruise port. I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SouthernGirl82
<Content>Mold/water leak in room, would try another hotel.... We choose this hotel when booking a cruise through our travel agent. We flew into SanJuan a day early expecting to have a great weekend and enjoy SanJuan prior to boarding our ship. However, we had much disappointment!CHECK IN/ROOM:As for the hotel, check-in was very slow, our room was not ready, so went walked around the city for a bit. After a few hours, they notified us that we could check in. Upon arrival to the room, we noticed a terrible smell along with black mold growing on the ceiling and one of the walls was saturated with water, I'm guessing there was a leak somewhere. Now, to give the hotel some credit, it is VERY HUMID in SanJuan and therefore, the mold/moisture issue is not all their fault. BUT, I called the front desk to complain and was told all of the rooms are full. So, I then requested a discount or refund as the room was seriously in bad shape. They told me that since I PREPAID for the room, I could not be discounted or refunded, Go figure, you pay as instructed and then are punished. Then, I continue to ask to speak with management and they state, there is not management on the weekend, interesting. At this point, I was calling the 1-800-sheraton phone# found in our room to complain, when the conceierge showed up and noticed we were unhappy, he was the ONLY person that went out of his way to make our stay more enjoyable. He quickly noticed how bad the room was and called downstairs immediately and got us a new room, which was ready in 10 minutes. As for our 2nd room, it was better, no mold/water, but still not great, it was fine for the night, but thats about all I could have handled. It was still very humid and damp in the room, once again, due to the weather and not the hotels fault, but I dont think the A/C could keep up w/the humidity. LOCATION:It is very convenient to the pier if choosing this hotel for a cruise. And it is a great location in Old San Juan, walkding distance to the Forts, etc. HOTEL FOOD:We ate at a Burger place in the hotel which was actually pretty good, would recommend it, if you are in the mood for a burger/fries, etc. We also had breakfast at the restraunt in the hotel and the food was average for a breakfast buffet, not terrible and not great, but definately edible!CASINO:We only used for about 15 minutes. It was a pretty nice casino, and lots of people in there, but we didn't use this facility much.OVERALL:Would not return to this hotel as the rooms need some updating and the staff was not helpful. Good luck.....we spoke with tons of other people that stayed in New San Juan prior to departure, and their experiences sounded much better and the location was still not very far from the ship's port! Oh yea, everything in San Juan is VERY EXPENSIVE!! So bring your $$!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>GiveMeSunNorCal
<Content>Location, Location, Location Although not a resort hotel it was a great place to stay. We had stayed for one night after our cruise and everything was in walking distance for Old San Juan,e.g., shopping, restaurants, sightseeing. We are Starwoods members and they upgraded us to a suite with a balcony view of the harbor and a bedroom window view of the harbor. Great room...living room , changing room, bedroom with sitting area, and an adequate bathroom. Very clean and the bed extremely comfortable. The pool was small but quaint and comfortable with a jacuzzi and the view...some of the best in the city. Weight room just ok. Casino connected and fun. Staff was excellent. No problems with lines checking in or out. Would definitely stay again for the service and convenience of Old San Juan.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TravelingNYCGirl
<Content>Loved this Hotel We stayed for a week and i could have stayed a lot longer. Location: This was my favorite thing about this hotel. This hotel is ideally located in Old San Juan. It is the only major hotel right in Old San Juan. You can walk to everything in the area so a car isn't necessary. Beware if you do get rent a car, it is $20 per day to park. A car is not necessary unless you travel past San Juan itself. A cab should cost you only around $50 round trip with tip to go to the airport or the new San Juan area. If you are adventurous, take the bus. It is 50 cents and not all that bad on a raining day. Directly outside the hotel is where you can catch the ferry to the Bacardi Factory. the cruise ships dock right in front of the hotel so at times it can be a busy area. When the ships are in there are plenty of street vendors and local foods. Every type of restaurant is available in the area and they are all trendy with good foods and fair prices. Outlet shopping is also available within walking distance. Senor Frogs is literally outside the side door of the casino. Hotel: Casino is great. Friendly staff and the free sandwiches and beverages are delicious. It was clean although it could use some new carpet. The rooms were very clean but very basic. All you need is in the room but if you are looking for luxury, try a hotel in New San Juan. Some rooms have a water view. The rooftop pool is small but clean, comfortable, quiet and a view to kill for. Room Service was great. Food was very good. A decent amount of channels on the tv. Staff very attentive. FYI this is a non-smoking hotel. You cannot smoke anywhere, even the casino. Puerto Rico in general is smoke free. A couple of disappointments was there was no bar or a hotel shop, if you should need buy something such as toothpaste, toothbrush, etc. in a pinch. There is a walgreens in the area. There is no beach so if you are going there for the beach, you have to drive. I will definitely be going back and staying at the Sheraton.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Escapefromthedesert
<Content>Great location, everything else needs a great improvement We stayed at this location as it was right across the street from the port for a cruise. The location is excellent, it also is in a great area of old San Juan. Everything is within walking distance. San Juan is a great location to visit, so the hotel has value for only that reason. The checkin was very slow. The room was a disapointment. The hotel, especially the hallways are in need of an update. The Bathrooms are dated. The bed was comfortable. I requested a deluxe room with a view, but a deluxe rate only gives you a window with a shutter that will not open. It also fogs because of the AC. You will only get a balcony with a port view if you book a suite, so their room rate descriptions were deceptive. You only get a view of the side parking lot for a deluxe rate. The workout room was adequate, but one of the guest had to come in to ask us to turn down the TV as the walls are very thin. Most hotels will make sure that those noisy high traffic areas are not near a guest's room. It was embarassing for all. The equiement was old. The pool was small, but had a great view. The casino was a plus, it was bustling and had great Salsa music playing. The breakfast was adqueate. I would suggest that youo go off property for all meals. The staff seemed very put out at all levels.. The checkout was a nightmare. Do not try to check-out between 10A and 100P at the front desk. The express check-out on our TV was not working. When , you are in the lobby in the morning, there is traffic coming in from the ships and leaving. I made that mistake. They did not staff extra people to handle the great influx. There is no way 2 people can handle a horde of people. We also had to walk down the stair well as there was a line for the elevators on our floor. The hotel failed in many areas. If I was going on a cruise I would defiantely book again, otherwise I would not give the hotel another chance.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Tradenn
<Content>Good for 1-2 nights only, great location right in Old San Juan this hotel is RIGHT in walking distance to everything you need in Old San Juan and also is in walking distance from the Sea Plane, which is what we took over from St. Thomas, where we live. This hotel is on the older side and you can tell they tried to spruce it up a bit with nicer sheets, leather headboard but it's just a hotel room and should be for one night or two but not for a whole week of vacation. Go to El Convento for that which is also right in town. It was clean, had the casino right in the lobby and nice staff.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>kstewsc
<Content>Great Location, Staff, and Hotel Perfect location for anything in Old San Juan. The hotel was very nice and the staff was very courteous. Walking distance to great restaurants and sites.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jewels07
<Content>Clean, good location Our group stayed here prior to our July 27th sailing on Adventure of the Seas. Great location in Old San Juan, no need for any cabs to see the town or forts. Front Desk was not friendly, they definitely need some customer service training. Rooms were clean and spacious, we were pleasantly surprised. Casino takes up most of the hotel, can't review because we did not play. Bar was decent, just like any other hotel, bartenders friendly. Check-out was simple, however, do not wait until 12:00. Elevators were PACKED, had to ride up to get down to the lobby. Felt very safe here, and Old San Juan appeared clean to very clean. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a short stay (would not recommend for a vacation this is not a resort). The hotel is located next to the pier where Carnival docks (yes you can walk with your bags right on over there) and is only a short 10 minute cab ride to Pan Americano where Royal Caribbean docks. If you are looking to be close to Old San Juan and the cruise ships, this may be the hotel for you.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>csgregory
<Content>Ok for what you need but not for a real vacation! This is ok for a one stay while flight travel from a cruise but I would not stay here for a true vacation. It is well located but with solid taxi services in the town, staying at one of the more resort hotels I think would make much more sense. For kids, the pool was too small and staying where they had a beach would have been better. Nothing bad really, unless paying 16 bucks for breakfast buffet could be considered rip.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KahunaMon
<Content>Sheraton Location Tough to Beat The Sheraton Old San Juan exceeded my expectations in most areas. We arrived mid-day on a Friday. Check in was a little disorganized due to simultaneous, convoluted problems with two group check-ins. However, our king suite was exactly as billed and our Starwood points were properly credited. We were on the 4th floor and had a great view of the bay and any cruise ships that came in. I would note that the balconies that come with the rooms are tiny. One or two people can stand outside the doors; otherwise you need to leave doors open if you want to have a chair in the balcony area.Our suite was spacious and very clean, with the usual Sheraton bed and amenities. We set out to hit the town right away, and discovered the biggest drawback of the hotel - - the elevators. The one on the right only worked intermittently, and they both were pretty slow. We tried to use the stairs with mixed results. One stairway led us to the street; another required us to exit through the restaurant's kitchen.The Sheraton's location can't be beat. We were a half block from Senior Frog's. Given the strength of the drinks there, that is the maximum you should try to walk afterwards. P.S., while Senor Frog's makes a lot of of drinks with a specific purpose in mind (incapacitating the customers), I got a great 1800/Grand Marnier tequila there, and thoroughly enjoyed the antics. A lot of locals go there, and I noticed most of them wisely stick to beer. Some of the best restaurants, Parrot Club, Aquaviva, and Dragonfly, are only a couple of blocks away, and we walked virtually everywhere in Old San Juan, including the El Morrow Fort. There is also a nice brew pub/steak house (Old Harbor) that is only a few blocks away. Cafe El Bombenara was an amazing old school place, with fantastic cafe con leche and great malloracs. We stayed here three days and I can't imagine a better place to stay to explore this area. There are also taxis aplenty, so commuting to other areas is easy as well. I enjoyed the Sheraton's Casino a lot. The drinks are free and they have abundant and vibrant live entertainment at night. Also, there are a lot of locals who come here and the scene is great. I just played slots and found them to be pretty fair. The pool is small, but it's located on the roof and has great views. It is a fun area during the day, and you pick up on the excitement of people waiting to go on cruises and get advice from those who just came back.Our favorite nightspot was the Parrot Club, which had the best drinks in town (we put this matter to the test). The signature Parrot Punch was very good, but the mojitos were beyond compare. Our bartender, Anthony, could well be dubbed the Ambassador for Puerto Rico. My wife and I have never met a friendlier person in all our travels, and he made fantastic drinks and guided us through the menu with aplomb. His insights on both the area and country were much appreciated.We loved the food at Aquaviva. This is a great seafood place with an intimate atmosphere and good vibe.Check out was a breeze, and our bill was accurate. Enjoy this place. I have tried to accurately convey the details, but really the overall experience was great. If you want to stay at the Ritz and lounge on a beach; stay at the Ritz If you want to see Old San Juan or take a cruise, the Sheraton can't be beat for its location.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>anzobe
<Content>Beware of Surprise Expenses The rooms were extremely comfortable --- but beware of unstated expenses. Parking is $21 per day and by valet only. There is a $5.00 per person occupancy fee, plus about a 20% service fee (this is because they have a pool, jacuzzi, and fitness center), so even if you don't use those facilities, you are still paying for them, along with about a 20% resort tax. If there are more than 2 adults in the room, it is $30 per person per night extra. We ended up with a $500 tab for 2 double rooms for ONE night, and that is with AARP discount. BEWARE!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BigDaddy54
<Content>One Night Only Arrived May 31, 08 for an overnight before June 1st cruise. This hotel is in the perfect location for a pre or post cruise stay but I must say beware the price and the locals. The front desk staff was just so-so. The guys working as bellmen and concierge had a better attitude than the women at the desk. The young lady that checked us is handed me room keys and pointed to the elevator...she never made eye contact with me. Room was on 9th floor with great views of the cruise port and harbor. Very nice decor and apparently recently renovated. Great king size bed but pillows were very nasty...had some kind of brown stains all over them. Asked for new ones...took about 2 hours. Overall, we like the hotel but out of all the places we've traveled we have never been around people that are as rude, loud, and selfish as what we experienced in San Juan. Sheraton's rates at this property are much too high.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>TonyD285
<Content>Okay Hotel - Needs Work We spent five nights at the Sheraton Old San Juan in late May. We especially enjoyed its location, covenient to all the sights and sounds of the Old San Juan area. We found the personnel in the hotel to be friendly and hard-working. We had only to ask and our needs would be met. Our suite had a wonderful view of the cruise harbor area, directly across from Pier 2 which is a modernistic steel structure. The furniture in the suite was old and almost shabby, the rugs throughout the hotel are in desperate need of replacement, stained and poorly maintained.The casino was crowded with locals every night. Kind of surprising since the slots were pretty tight. Nearby to the hotel are two restaurants which we would recommend highly. The Old Harbor brewpub, inexpensive with great made-on-premises beers, especially their stout. Their food was simple but plentiful and good. The other restaurant, Panza, is pricey but superb. Sort of a Continental-Caribbean place, beautifully decorated and with very attentive service.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Jasper_J_Snodgrass
<Content>Great view and No Smoking - I think not!!!! We booked......... a room with bay and city view guaranteed.We got..............a great view of a multi story car park. The guy on the desk tried to of us off with some story that ...you could see the bay and the city before the car park was built. Thankfully he was in a minority and the other staff helped straighten things out the following day. But after 23 hours in transit to this place we really could have done without the hassle. Also problems with the strench of smoke in the rooms. The hotel is recently gone non-smoking but they haven't got rid of the smoke smells from the rooms that were previoulsy smoking roomsGood location - walking distance to Old SJ is no problem.Beautiful place - not on the main track for UK tourists but we'd go back to OSJ tomorrow.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	4	3	

<Author>CSIMelissa
<Content>Great location but overpriced The hotel is conveniently located to the cruise terminals and other attractions in Old San Juan. I had a room on the top floor (9) and while I still heard music and partying from the street level, it wasn鈥檛 that bad.The room was average size with average furnishings. The bed was very comfortable, however. The hotel staff was cold/unfriendly and the restaurants in and around the hotel were VERY overpriced. The service at the hotel restaurants was horrible and the food wasn鈥檛 that great. It took 45 minutes to get my check when I had cheese fries at the Chicago Burger Company located in the hotel. My advice is to ask for your check when they bring you your food and you might actually have it by the time you are done.The only time I received service with a smile was when I ordered room service. Although overpriced, it was very good and the waiter that brought everything to the room was polite.The hotel itself wasn鈥檛 bad and like I said, the location was excellent if you are cruising, but I feel the hotel is overpriced and overrated. The area around the hotel is somewhat rough at night, so my advice would be not to go out after dark.Puerto Rico is beautiful but I found the people there to be very rough and rude. I鈥檓 certainly not impressed with the hotel or the country!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Jason0626
<Content>Good But Not Great       View of Cruise Ship from Room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>louueve
<Content>$10 a day for internet horrible staff! The staff at the front desk are horrible! don't expect a friendly greeting when you check in and don't ask any questions since they seem to think that you are bothering them when you do. The middle manager at the front desk seems to think that she's doing you a favour by checking you in.There is a $10 charge per DAY for internet, it's really backward. The comforters on the beds smell! and the rooms are run down. The lobby is ok and so is the casino. I get the impression that the people who run this hotel do not care about real vacationers, they only see the hotel as a place that people on cruises overnight will stay.Oh and by the way NEVER book anything on EXPEDIA. They messed up the reservation and did not want to correct it for us, and the lovely staff at the hotel did not care.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>peregrino
<Content>Good Location Not Much of a Hotel This hotel's location is the best thing about it. The carpets (both in the room and in the common areas) were stained and worn. There is a charge for internet access. We booked one night through Priceline and one through Hotwire. On one night we were charged an additional $9.96 for an amenities fee and the other an additional $15 for room tax. Not that it's a big deal, but the fees were unexpected and something that anyone planning to book through either Hotwire or Priceline should be aware of. Check with the extremely helpful staff about places to eat. We found good restaurants from both the bellhops and the desk staff. There are a lot of not so good and overpriced restaurants nearby, so it's really important to ask around rather than to just read the posted menus, which we did on our first night, to our regret. Not particular to this review--if you want a rental car, Charlie Car Rental had the best rates we found and, again, a really friendly and helpful staff. They will pick you up at the airport or your hotel and return you to either. The airport location is open 24 hours a day but the downtown location is just open during the day. Nice new cars at reasonable rates. You will need a car to visit the rain forest. If you do go there, be sure to take a tour with the park ranger. It's free and informative.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	5	1	

<Author>dsmulligan
<Content>Frequent Business Traveler thinks it was just OK I am a frequent business traveler and always stay at Sheratons. I think overall Sheraton has nice properties and they are dependable. I feel pretty much the same way about the Sheraton in Old San Juan - it was OK, nothing to write home about. It is located in a weird area (yes, Old San Juan is far from downtown, but the hotel itself is at the bottom of Old San Juan right next to the port). --The hotel itself is modern and very clean - the room was the same. --Very small casino although most of the casinos in San Juan are about the same size. --Two mediocre restaurants - one burger place and one Italian. Food and drinks were decent, a little pricey given the quality.--The gym is pretty horrible. Don't bother.--The pool is OK, small but if you are like me, going for business, it doesn't really matter.If you are going to San Juan and want a great experience, visit the Condado Plaza Hotel. I stayed there right after the Sheraton and it was much better.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>garciafa
<Content>Post-cruise stay Excellent American Hotel in downtown San Juan. Usual American amenities- 4 star quality. Only stayed one night after cruise. Never made it to pool or casino. Walked to local restaurants to have dinner. On Sunday nights there are street vendors and a fair-like atmosphere in San Juan along Paseo La Princesa (street that runs along bay from hotel).  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BethanyBeach
<Content>Great location to tour Old San Juan Stayed here for two nights post cruise because we had never been to Puerto Rico and always enjoy touring old cities. We were not disappointed. The Sheraton is in a great location 鈥?right on the waterfront just steps from the lovely brick 鈥渂oardwalk鈥?that extends quite a distance along the waterfront. The room was one of the plainest I have ever stayed in but was clean and served its purpose. There is a Chicago Burger Co. on site, ate there once, and had great burgers. We heard (although didn鈥檛 try it ourselves) that the hotel restaurant had terrible breakfasts. The only complaint that we had was that we asked three separate times to have more coffee supplies brought to our room and they were never brought 鈥?we just finally gave up. We had a great lunch at the Parrot Club just about two blocks away. We did use the free trolley system and found it a convenient way to get around in the heat. We really enjoyed our time in Old San Juan 鈥?the shops were fun to explore, plenty of little cafes and restaurants, and beautiful buildings and interesting forts to explore. I went on an historical walking evening tour and I really enjoyed seeing the buildings at night. I felt surprisingly safe 鈥?people were everywhere jogging, walking their dogs, just out for dinner 鈥?it was a fun, lively atmosphere.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Loves_Snorkeling
<Content>Great location, but pricey! We stayed here the night before our cruise departed.We arrived in San Juan around noon but could not get our room key until 3pm. This was a little inconvenient but we lived with it.The room met my expectations. It was clean, comforable with a nice view of the harbour. As other people mentioned, it was nice seeing the other cruise ships at the pier across the street.Ours was located at the Pan American Pier across the harbour.I found the price pretty high but I guess it's supply and demand. When there are several ships in San Juan, the hotels fill up fast. I booked a room about 1 year ago at a rate of $225.00. The rooms were going for over $300.00 recently.The location of this hotel is it's selling point. It is near walking points of interest.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clubmeister
<Content>Excellent Location This was the third time we have stayed at the OSJ Sheraton. We stayed one night precruise. We love the location because we enjoy going out to dinner in Old San Juan as well as enjoy the abundant nightlife which is within a few blocks of the hotel.We arrived at 3:00pm and checkin was a breeze. We had a basic inside room. Definitely very quiet compared to the rooms in the back of the hotel where the noise from Senor Frogs can sometimes be heard. Our room was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. The biggest problem with this hotel is the lack of elevators. There are only two that guests use and they can be packed around checkout time. I would suggest that you checkout around 11:00 am to avoid the rush later.I would suggest this hotel if your are looking for location, location, location when it comes to enjoying Old San Juan. In addition, if your ship happens to use the OSJ pier, then it's nearly right across the street within walking distance. If you are using the Pan-American Pier, it is just a short cab ride away.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Chicago_Eric
<Content>Your basic Sheraton, but good location It's pretty much your basic Sheraton hotel. There is nothing Puerto Rican about this place in any way. Not event the two restaurants (Chicago Burger  Tuscan Grill). Our room was clean and comfortable, but just the same as any Sheraton in the US. The staff was helpful. The location is really the draw. It is right across from the harbor and right in the center of Old San Juan. Just about anything in the old city is walking distance. It was fun watching the cruise ships enter and leave the port. If you're looking for a cute small hotel with local character--take a pass. If you don't mind the lack of character but want a good location and predictable facilities, this is for you.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bekahblue22
<Content>Meh (ok for cuising) This hotel is pretty mid-level. Although our stay included some hotel related injuries, the location is prime. We picked the hotel because of its close proximity to the pier (as we were taking a cruise). The location is perfect if you plan to take a cruise sailing out of old San Juan, as it is literally steps away from the pier. This was highly convenient.The bar and gill attached to the hotel and casino is great. They have great drinks, but the service is slow. Its a nice place to read a book or lounge around and people watch (when you aren't in a hurry). We actually ended up spending about 3 or 4 hours there after we checked out of our room (and we didn't want to wait in line to get on our cruise). While the wait staff is on the slow side, they make up for it with unexpected attentiveness- i.e. going out of their way to light your cigarette for you. The casino was sub-par. Not very interesting and I was nearly accosted by an over-zealous security guard who wanted to check my ID. He kept saying ID! ID! and then when I said I was staying in the hotel and started to look through my handbag for my ID and room key, he Puh!-ed me away and shoo-ed me. The gaming is just not worth it at this casino.The picture of the roof top pool are pretty deceptive. Its TINY, but has a good view. As always, with a hotel, watch out for the hot tub. My party and I went up all geared up for a soak, only to find a nasty couple making out in there and god knows what else yuk- so we didn't go in.BEWARE OF DOOR STOPS OUTSIDE THE BATHROOMS! Two people in my party were injured (one VERY badly). The door stops outside of the bathrooms were placed WAY too far out from the wall. We had to put the ice bucket over it since everyone kept tripping over the stupid thing.The rooms were just Meh. We had a wonderful view of a parking garage from our window. The room was clean, but nothing special at all, just your run of the mill bland, exactly what you expect from an airport hotel.The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Also we enjoyed the bell boys, they were very friendly and gave lots of good advice.... Also if you stay in this hotel, you MUST MUST MUST eat dinner at Aquaviva (a few blocks behind the hotel). One of the best meals of my life!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jimplacable
<Content>The worst hotel ever The service is bad, the rooms smells like wet carpet, the windows doesnt open, the only good thing in here is the location but thats all. Try to avoid this hotel.Roberto, Guadalajara, Mexico.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TXWV
<Content>Perfect for cruise departure This hotel is in the perfect spot for people arriving a day or two early for a cruise. The port is directly across the street! Getting there from the airport on a Friday evening took 2 hours though, when in all actuality it is only about 10 min. away.Our room was on a lower floor (4) and we had to ask the front desk to move us due to noise from the Casino. They promptly moved us to a suite on the top floor-very nice!Everyone there was very nice and the food in the hotel was below average but the service was outstanding.Old San Juan is such a cool town to explore (by foot if you want) and this hotel is at a great location to do so.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>kimspokane
<Content>place to stay if you want to experience old san juan       view of fort from balcony  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>mizlori
<Content>Perfect Location for Pre- or Post-Cruise stay Stayed here 11/30 the night before our Princess cruise departed. Took taxi from airport to hotel. Charge for # of bags you have, so don't count your carry-on when you get asked how many bags you have! We had 3 checked bags so it was $21.50 to the hotel for 2 of us. Room was ready at 3 so we had to wait about 1/2 hour since we arrived at 2:30. Found out we had gotten corner room suite on the 4th floor. Though it faced the rear of the building with the balcony, the side gave us a view of the water and our ship in the morning! Rooftop pool and hot tub nice, but pool was cold and hot tub wasn't hot enough. Location great though. Bed was comfortable, sitting area nice, and bathroom clean.Did not eat here. Had the best mojito ever at Tio Danny's (next to Garibaldi restaurant on Fortaleza) and even went back for more before we left. Also ate at Aguaviva which was good. Sheraton location was absolutely perfect. We checked out at noon and walked to the pier to board our ship. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>audaciousred
<Content>Good location, Decent Hotel We stayed at the Sheraton for a few days before our cruise. It's in a good place to explore Old San Juan. There is a free trolley that departs either across from the hotel at Pier 2 or a few blocks down. The concierge was very helpful. Our favorite restaurant is located on Calle Sol - El Jibarito. The pool was fine - didn't use the hot tub - wasn't hot and smelled of high levels of chlorine. The workout room was sufficient - got crowded later in the morning. The rooms were clean, the beds comfortable and we had a great view of the pier. The only drawback was the elevator traffic jam on Saturday morning. I would recommend this for a short pre or post cruise stay.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gatorsf
<Content>Unfriendly Hotel Pros: Location is probably the best in the city for restraurants, nightlife in the heart of waterfront district.The room are spacy, and not too bad looking for 3 stars hotels, despite moderate frustrations and annoyances. Rooms are clear and otherwise quiet*. Puerto Rico is a nice place to vistCons:The hotel is the only major hotel in the area, thus monopolism and arrogance arise from the fact.I've had better service in one star motels in California with people who barely speak English. I've made reservation 3 months in advance, and requested a King Bed, and the folks at starwood/Sheraton said don't have access to change my prepaid reservation and i should request I came to hotel for check-in: The told me they assigned me to Wheelchair room  then they did me a big favor by reassigning me to 2 bed queens room.I told them it's unaccetable: that i've been traveling in many places and never had a problem to get the type of room that i wanted. They were polite  rude at the same time explaining to me that since i ordered my room through Bargain Site: Priceline, or Expedia, ...: that it was their right to give me whatever room they had left, and they had no more available rooms. even upgrade was more $ was not possibleThe lobby was almost empty. Anyways, after talking to them for short while, they chagned their tone to rude: implying that there is nothing they can do or would do to help us, They said the priority was for the people who paid the full price for hotel room. We were upset for a while for being treated like second class citizens: (we stayed for 1 week).When we settled to the room: The front-door did not close completly, the phone was not working, safe deposit unoperatable.Alarm system was out of control!!first it was beeping for 20 minutes (battery change)2 days later at night, there was a false fire alarm that woke up at least the whole floor.I spent the first couple of mornings trying to change rooms but later gave up as it was pointless.The people who worked for Concierge would talk on the phones, you can stand there for 10 minutes, and they won't even look at your direction.When i checked-out: there was authorization charge. According to them It was to check if i have enough balance on my account. 6$62+ on my account which they said would later be removed. 3-weeks later im still disputing this charge  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	3	1	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Great location in historic site       604 suite living room  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>xdeleon
<Content>Relaxing, but overpriced       Sitting room of my suite  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Monster-Dawg
<Content>Very Nice! The room was very nice, the location very convenient. The service was fantastic! The room service delivery guy was one of the friendliest people and the room service pizza - What a pleasant surprise. It was GREAT! I would stay here again and again and again...  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adatrip
<Content>Picturesque view       Living room.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>grand dutchess
<Content>Fantastic Location We stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan at the end of June before heading out on our cruise on Adventure of the Seas. The location of this hotel was fantastic. We were able to walk throughout Old San Juan. It is a beautiful as well as historic city. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful with restaurant recommendations serving local cuisine as well as directions to the various sites. I highly recommend Baccarhina, Raices, and Al Dente for dinner.Being a Starwood Preferred Member I requested a room on the preferred guests floor(8th floor). The room overlooked the harbor. We could see the cruise ships. Our room had a King size bed and a nice rollaway for our son. The room was spotless. The bed was extremely comfortable. The rooftop pool and whirlpool were very nice after a long day of sightseeing. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>futbolchic
<Content>This hotel is beautiful and convenient This hotel is beautiful and so convenient to the Old San Juan nightlife. The workout room and pool were open and easy to access. Hard Rock, Senor Frogs are within walking distance. Travel to the Bacardi plant was across the street, don't forget to check out the Don Q museum and free drinks available down the block. Also, the travel center located across from where the ships port has free drinks in the afternoon while open--of course we found out on the last day.I would definitely stay at this hotel if staying in the Old San Juan district--the staff was very friendly and attentive to our every need.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PAQ
<Content>I Recommend This Hotel I was somewhat concerned about staying at this hotel because of a few negative comments on this website. I stayed 2 nights and was pleased with this hotel. I got into a room even though I presented myself to the front desk at 10:30 a.m. As an SPG Platinum member, I was upgraded to a suite. There is a casino in the hotel, pool on the roof, and dining room/bar with outside balcony overlooking the bay and cruise ships. The hotel is across the street from all the cruise ship piers. Behind the hotel are numerous restaurants and bars. The room was quiet, and the decor was typical Sheraton. I have probably stayed at 30 different Sheraton hotels, so I know. I understand the upgrades were done 3 years ago when the hotel was converted from a Wyndham. Staff all friendly. Old San Juan is charming. I like this hotel and will certainly choose it again when staying in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ashleezmom
<Content>Nice Hotel for Price We stayed here pre-cruise for one night and post-cruise one night. We had a total of 2 rooms. We paid $145.00 a night  taxes per room. After flying from LA on the redeye we arrived at the hotel on Saturday morning at 10:30 am and were pleasantly surprised that our rooms were ready. Very nice location to our cruise ship (right across the street and to all other places in Old San Juan. We walked everywhere!! Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of the pier. Very clean and beds were SO comfortable. We had room service for breakfast and the food was excellent and reasonably priced compared to LA. We checked out the first night at noon to walk over to the ship, and the elevators were a nightmare. Everyone has the same idea so we finally had to take an elevator up just to come down. Post cruise our rooms were not ready when we checked in at 11:00 am, but the hotel took our luggage and even loaned us beach towels to go to the beach. When we returned at 4:30 we picked up our keys at the front desk and grabbed the luggage. No problem. The hotel  casino were very busy as there were 3 cruise ships in port, but the service was still excellent. Nice hotel and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>harrieth
<Content>The Good, the Bad and the Hidden We booked the Sheraton because it was one of the choices for our niece's destination wedding. Good: rooms very clean, good bedding, good service. Bad: lobby was very shabby, perhaps due to the many casino guests who were not staying at the hotel - lobby furniture stained and decidedly long in the tooth. A stark contrast between the rooms and lobby! Hidden: when we received our bill we had added costs for porterage even though it was so busy we had to carry our own luggage up to the room and hotel services even though we didn't use any! There are no refrigerators in the rooms and no business center. When I inquired about these and many other additional fees, I was informed that because we were part of a group, they were added automatically. I found out that the group was the guests who had come for the wedding and received the special rate. If we had NOT registered as wedding guests and simply come at the regular rate or secured an even better rate on a service like Priceline or Hotline, we would have stayed for less money. Meal prices do not make much sense. Breakfast is decidedly more costly than lunch and many dinner items - and there is nowhere that opens before 9 a.m. close by where breakfast may be obtained even though there are other options for lunch and dinner. I would not stay here again without inquiring about ALL fees and getting the rate of what that did or did not include in writing.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	4	2	

<Author>Caribbean5
<Content>Great Location  DId a one night stay from our trip from the Caribbean. Good location for us as we were within walking distance to Old San Juan and the Old Fort.The room was clean, updated and everything we expected. Very effecient getting our bags unloaded from the taxi and to our room in no time. Check in was very fast.Had a room overlooking the water and watched a cruise ship depart. There was a casino but was small and no craps, so did not play. Not only did they have a wake up call but after 10 minutes they called again to make sure we were awake. Thats service.When looking for a place to stay in Old San Juan, we realized prices were higher in this area than others. So we accepted the fact it was going to cost more. But I could not find any real flaws. Last year we layed over at the Hyatt in Dorado beach, and got a better price for a better room  resort, but you cannot compare the two areas as this was reasonable costs for the area.Would say if you wanted a short stay in Old Town, this would be the place for the price.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lawmin
<Content>Absolutely not worth the money The Sheraton is very centrally located. Right next to various eateries (Aquaviva on Calle Fortalezza is a definite try) and the ports for the cruise ships which is a nice view. It's also next to some great walks next to the fort. The Sheraton itself is a waste of money if you're paying more than $140 which is what we paid on Hotwire. If you're paying more thant $190, try staying at the Howard Johnson which is also centrally located but around $130 for a smaller, windowless room. The Sheraton was such a disappointment. The rooms are bare, the bathrooms are sparse, and the windows are small. There was no 'Sheraton' bed which is one of the best parts of a Sheraton. The bathrooms had no shower cap, or sewing kit, or any of those little perks. The reception looked tired as did the rooms. The swimming pool is small but on the 9th floor so has great views. Definitely NOT worth the $245 plus rate that they had on all the other websites.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	1	

<Author>SJ*HL*S
<Content>Don't Stay Here for ANY Reason       Missing light cover  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>soberlady
<Content>Disappointed The property was in a good location, we had rented a car with a GPS that could not find the hotel because in the GPS the street is spelled one way and on the hotel information it was spelled another. We thought we had reserved a room with a view, called ahead and were assured that the room had a view... well it was a view of another room. The hotel is triangular and the inside rooms face each other... so no view of the city. The bed was supposedly a sweet sleeper, which are usually wonderful, this one was hard as a rock, when I asked about some padding, I was mocked! But eventually got a couple extra blankets to pad it myself. The people at the desk were so curt, it was bordering rude. I was amazed, we have stayed at Sheraton Hotels all over the place and have never been anything but more than satisfied.The room itself, was very clean as was the entire hotel, but that is all that was good.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	5	1	1	3	

<Author>gchelle
<Content>Location was good We stayed at the Sheraton 3 nights. I wanted to be close to shopping and we were. There was not a lot of extras at this hotel, but for $109 a night through Hotwire compared to $280 a night, it worked. The room was clean, we did'nt really have a view of anything, but that was not a big deal for us. The hotel food was expensive you would be better off walking around which we did and we found alot of places to eat nearby. The pool was small, but we did find 2 beaches nearby. We were in walking distance of many retail stores and had the chance to see the cruise ships dock which was nice. We took the trolley which was free around Old San Juan and to the El Morro Fort. We took a taxi to the beach and discovered it would be better to rent a car so that we could go back and forth when we wanted. The parking near the hotel was scarce but at least one night we were able to find a spot on the street. The other night we parked for $12.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>homerunhitter
<Content>Sheraton slippage March 18, 2007 San Juan, Puerto Rico. After leaving our ship at 9:00 a.m. we traveled into San Juan by taxi .(no complimentary shuttle) We asked to check in early but were told that there was no early check-in and would have to wait until 3:00 p.m. We asked for a front facing room at 9:00 a.m. and were told that they would work on it. After a tour around the city and the waterfront, we checked back at the hotel around noontime and were told the rooms still were not ready. After trying to manuver our way around approximately 60 to 70 bags in the front desk area, we again walked down by the waterfront and shops. Finally, we were able to obtain our room (no front facing room-side facing room of a parking lot) at 2:00p.m. Upon entering our room (#431) we noticed that were stains in two corners of the ceilings, the front moulding on the bureau was torn away, and the windows were filthy. I have pictures to prove all of my allegations. I will make sure that the proper people at Starwoodhear what I have to say with a letter and copys of the pictures. I know that you will probably not let this review be put online, but maybe, just maybe, someone in the old San Juan Sheraton might do something to correct these glaring problems in this room so someone else does not have a bad experience like we did. The cost of the room does not justify the value of the room. The overall experience in San Juan was not a good one, and we will not visit this island again. Harry Mutter and Patricia Mckinnon  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>SN1752
<Content>Typical Chain With No Local Feel I spent the 1st two days of an 8-day circumnavigation of Puerto Rico at the Sheraton. It is a standard chain hotel with no bells or whistles. It is geared specifically for cruise ship travelers who will only spend 1 or 2 nights there. The restaurant offers a pale imitation of local food so as not to offend the lame palates of the cruise people. It is unique that its location offers you a view of the Castille San Cristobal instead of the overly touristy El Morro. It's location so close to the restaurant area of Calles Fortaleza, Recinto Sur  Tetuan allows one to get out  enjoy the variety of food that the country has to offer. The casino is too small  don't expect the common comps that you receive at other hotel/casino locations. All in all, a decent place to stay when you need to overnight before or after a cruise or flight but a shameful place to stay if you have more than 48 hours in the country -- there is much more to see in the country than Old San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adamz11202
<Content>OK.. I guess, nothing special, but nothing bad. The Sheraton Old San Juan has good and bad aspects. The view is good... if you have a waterfront room. Our room was facing a parking lot. Oh well. The casino is large and the bartenders, bellmen, and Desk people are very nice. The valet parking was also nice. The hotel is very close to el morro and all of the restaurants downtown. It is also close to the ferry. It is not too far away from anything, and it is easy to get to from the airport.The concierge was helpful in getting me a tee time. And the pool on the roof had a nice view of the cruise ship docks. We didnt eat in the hotel, so i cant say whether the food was good or not. The room was nice and clean, and newly renevated. The bed was clean and it was very comfy as well.For the price however, you could stay at another hotel and save your money on duty free, restaurants or casinos.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>superdrew
<Content>Excellent Hotel, the Bellmen were especially helpful Stayed for free with starwood points but still got upgraded to the two room suite! Excellent property with beautiful ocean views. The bellmen were extra helpful with recommending places to eat etc. Join the Casino Players Club to park for free right next to the hotel and skip the $18/day valet charge. $5/pp per night tax (It is presented as a San Juan Occupancy tax, but I'm not sure if that is the case or not). Great location, as we did this pre and post cruise and were able to walk right to the port to embark and to the hotel after debarking. Having Hertz right there to get to and from the airport in a rental car was nice except for picking up there. The car wasn't ready and the attendent was unbelievably rude. The hotel staff on the other hand, did nothing short of spectacular. They even allowed me to check in early at 10 am after are cruise. Great place to stay!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toflyer
<Content>Great Hotel Had a two night stay at the Sheraton San Juan. Wonderful looking Hotel from the outside, nice little patio in the front for drinks and dinner. the Hotel Room had a great view of the Harbour, very clean room, no complaints. Room Service was prompt and hotel service was great. I'm an SPG Platinum member, this is definitely one of the better Sheraton's I've stayed at, enjoyed the Small yet great Casino downstairs with everything but a poker table.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Els
<Content>great location/hotel Stayed one night post-cruise ~ booked this hotel through Hotwire and paid $163 (including tax) plus a $10 resort fee when we checked out. The service was excellent ~ we were able to check-in at 10:30AM. The room was large and clean and the hotel's location is right across from the terminal were Carnival Destiny docked. We were in Old San Juan which made it enjoy to walk the city and explore. We would stay at this hotel in a heartbeat ~  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TICKED-OFF-7
<Content>Credit card statement Stayed at the Sheraton two nights back in June 2006 prior to sailing on Royal Caribbean. Booked all reservations through RCCL representitive, including hotel stay. Checked in, had a great room and location, then checked out with no problems....at least I thought. Fast forward to today...Reviewed my January Credit Card Statement and the hotel charged by CC over three hundered dollars in early January, I was not in San Juan, I was home in the states, at work, after the holidays.Fraud comes to mine by the hotel. As mentioned earlier, I booked my vacation through RCCL, was provided a voucher for my stay at the hotel, and had to provide a CC number upon checking in for potential incidential services. Checked out of hotel, requested to verfiy I had no charges placed against my account, was told there was NOT a balance due and that the account had been settled with RCCL.Did the standard notification with CC company as a unauthorized tranaction. Moral of the story, I also reviewed this site prior to booking and had read others complaining about how the hotel billed their CC after the fact. If you stayed at the Sheraton in Old San Juan in the past or plan on staying there in the future, watch your CC statement, as their management and staff appear not to have the same integrity as their sites in the states. Buyer beware...Story to continue!!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewHampshireFarmgal
<Content>First trip to Puerto Rico-great hotel! This was our 1st trip to Puerto Rico and so I picked the Sheraton for it's location and aminaties at the hotel. I was happy with my choice. We were given a suite room when a bay view room was not available at check-in, but from my (standing) balcony I could see the cruise ships docked also. It was a plus to have the cruise ship docks across the wide BLVD from the hotel, made interesting viewing-also walking along boardwalk area was beautiful.Hotel casino was fun for a few slot machine games and low betting on the tables made it easy for non-gamblers to try their luck! (like us)Hotel lounge was nice-had a few late evening snack items-shrimp cocktail and nachios-both tastsy and local bottle beer very good too!Out front on the patio bar area there was a small latin band playing one night and that was a good time.The Ocean Park public beach was nice and only cost us $3.20 cents to drive-in and park the car. Safe and clean park. Beautiful views and waves!! Valet service at the hotel was a good deal at $18 per day-considering that Old San Juan's parking is pretty crowded on the side streets-etc.We shall return next year for a mini break-and most likely stay at the Sheraton again! Front desk staff very friendly and helpful also!Have a great trip!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TXtravlr
<Content>Great hotel, perfect central location I just came back from a trip to San Juan, Puerto Rico. I chose to stay at the Sheraton Old San Juan because all of the reviews on this site were very good. I had originally thought to stay to the east along the coast, but am so glad now that I stayed here. Not to mention so many of the reviews for the other Sheraton properties on the coast were terrible. First of all, the location is perfect if you want to truly explore all of Puerto Rico since it is in a very central location and easily accessible to all freeways and tollways. You can also easily walk to both forts from this central location. Also, I went down by myself for a four day weekend so I wanted to feel safe wherever I stayed. Each night, I felt completely safe leaving the hotel and walking only a few streets over to where all of the restaurants and nightclubs are. All you do is walk out by the valet, turn right, walk up some steps and you are in restaurant central! All very good restaurants too. As for the restaurant at the hotel, I did make one visit there on my last day for a late lunch. The menu was not impressive but I asked my waiter if they had crab cakes and when he said yes, he readily agreed to make me a crab cake sandwich even though crab cakes were not even on the menu. It was very good!I'm not a gambler at all, but if you like casinos then this is definitely the place for you too! Each night, I walked right by it but on the last night I walked in and it reminded me of what you find on a cruise ship -- maybe even better. There must have been several hundred slot machines, several black jack tables and roulette tables. The place was packed! You won't hear the noise at all though from your room.The rooms are exactly what I had hoped for. I stay at W properties quite a bit as a business traveler and this was a better room than most W properties. Plus, I used my hotel points for the entire stay. Water was hot, nice shower head with the new rounded shower curtain rods, lots of counter space in the bathroom, very comfy beds, nice flat screen tv and plenty of room to move around. I didn't bring my laptop but I believe they have free wireless in the lobby and a charge to use it from your room.Everybody was very pleasant and courteous at the hotel. I valeted my car each evening and I believe the cost was about $18/night.If you are going on a cruise and you want to stay somewhere for a night or two before or after your cruise, I would definitely recommend this hotel too. It is just off of Pier 3. If driving from the airport, take 26 West to Old San Juan and then veer left where it says Convention District but stay in the right lane. The hotel is a couple of miles down on the right. You'll see the port to your left and possibly some cruise ships. There is a lot of construction going on all over San Juan right now and this is the best, fastest way to get to the hotel. There is also some construction going on at the hotel but I did not notice it -- I believe they are working on the rooftop terrace and pool but I chose to go to beaches instead of the pool so I don't know what they were doing.All in all, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwoconnor
<Content>All around good experience for PR       pretty nice room facing the water  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>californiamom
<Content>Great hotel, great location       View from our balcony with our daughter cropped out.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbo66
<Content>great hotel we stayed pre cruise in sept,and worried about the hotel reviews since there was so many negative reviews.. but to our surprise the hotel staff and room was great.. we stayed top floor with a view of the pier and the fort... i would visit the hotel on my next stay, it is the best location in town. we walked all over old sanjuan.. great hotel thanxs sheraton.....  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel-n-Buppie
<Content>The room was great, so was the location! I stayed here after a carnival cruise. The location of the hotel to the port was THE BEST! I literally walked off the ship, out of the port, down and across the street to the lobby of the hotel. My luggage was 66lbs and the weather was hot and humid! The location was great!The room was great spacious and comfotable. I stayed in a smaller hotel before my cruise, and I could literaly fit my first hotel room, bathroom included, in the the bathroom of the Sheraton.The staff was nice and the location of the hotel in Old San Juan was perfect. Everything was in walking distance (food, scenery, shops etc).I would reccomend staying here if you are going on a cruise or just visiting San Juan.Also, I would reccomend eating in a resturant that is close by. I am not sure of the name, but it is on the same main street as the Sheraton (to the left, facing the water), the next block after the coldstone creamery (yum). They have tables outside and a small eating area inside. The food and service are excellent!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>janchip
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I had read recommendations in Cruise Critic, and also the reviews on this site. The reviews were mixed and had to say had us a bit worried about our 3 day stay before we went on a cruise. We arrived Fri and stayed till Sun afternoon! We had a great time! The personnel at the hotel were great and suggested several different restaurants for us to get the feel of the country. Our room was on the 8th floor. I recommend that you join Starwood after booking a room there, as were put on a member No Smoking floor. We had requested a no smoking room and partial harbor view! We had a full harbor view-the view was fabulous. We also had an elevator, never a long wait, in fact most of the time we were the only people in them. We had the continental breakfast (buffet) which was $12., and if you wanted the full breakfast $21.95, which included hot meats, eggs, custom omelets, etc. Our room was very clean and so was our large bathroom. The only little part of a downside, the room had a slightly musty smell, and an edge of the ceiling at the corner plaster had come down by french doors that opened to the small balcony!The hotel itself is great, and what a location! We walked all evening on Friday and never was far from the hotel. We felt very safe. On Saturday, we walked to the toursit office, and took the free trolley to Old San Juan city, and then to Fort Morro. We had a very enjoyable time. Our Travel agent got the room about 5 months in advance for $135/night, for a partial harbor view! We feel that was truely a bargain. We had friends staying in the Caribe Hilton, they said they had a great room, but were close to nothing, and constantly had to take a cab to get anywhere!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nurseiv
<Content>great vacation My family and I stayed at this hotel in July 2006. The perfect sleeper beds are fabulous. Staff was very helpful. The rooftop pool and jacuzzi were great and not crowded. You can take spectacular pictures from the roof. Great location in the heart of old san juan. Everything within walking distance. Variety of restaurants was good. Avoid buffet breakfast as it is $18.00 per person. Expensive for families. Rooms were very clean and the shower had the best water pressure of anywhere I have stayed in the world. Take the ferry boat to Catano for 50 cents and go for the free Bacardi Factory tour. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wernerww
<Content>green hair from the spa       more proof!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>j2000princess
<Content>Great location for Old San Juan I stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan before departing on a 7 night cruise. My family arrived in San Juan a day before myself. Upon check in they were told that the room with two double beds and cot we had reserved would not be available. However, because of this, the hotel automatically gave us a complimentary upgrade to a two bedroom suite! When I checked in the next day I was at first a bit disappointed because of the close proximity of the casino to the lobby. I was afraid that it would be too noisy and too smokey, but I was happily wrong. Our suite on the fourth floor was not affected at all by the noise of the casino. The location of the hotel is great for those wishing to wander around Old San Juan. As soon as we walked out the hotel we were in the shopping and restaurant district of OSJ! We felt safe during our whole stay. For those people who wrote earlier that they were disappointed in not having a view from your room, you must remember that this is a city hotel- not every room has a view of the water. And even if you did have a view of the water, its full of cruise ships and barges- it is a working port afterall!! One of the two cruise ports in OSJ is right across the street from the hotel. Unfortunately, our cruise line was docked at the other port, but a short cab ride (which was arranged by the helpful hotel staff) was all it took to get from the hotel to the ship. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Juan prior to a cruise because of its great staff and great location.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tayo55
<Content>Very satisfied with service I just want to share my opinion of the stay during my vacation this year. I have no complaints about the hotel. The hotel was very clean, comfortable and staff was very efficient. We wanted 2 double beds and a microwave oven and we got what we wanted. My daughters loved it. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LilianeZ
<Content>Nice Hotel, friendly staff, great food! In response to the many letters/reviews with regards to the Sheraton Old San Juan Hotel and Casino...I must say that we had a great time! The staff were both very accommodating, and friendly. We too stayed at the hotel for two nights (July 28th, 29th 2006) and yes, there was a Wedding reception going on, but it made the stay a little more interesting. Let's face it, most of us have been married and had our receptions at hotels, so being in a hotel at the same time as a reception can be a little loud and crowded which is understandable. The rooms were excellent, clean, comfortable (especially the beds with the down filled comforters and such!). We would definitely stay at the Sheraton Old San Juan Hotel and Casino again in the future!. If it is perfection you are looking for,,,you may as well keep looking, because you can stay at a 5 star hotel and still run into problems of some sort. It's all in the way you allow yourself to be affected by inconviences. Take it from us,,,we have been thru the worst, and in the end, we say: Oh well, it could always be worse!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gonzsleez
<Content>Music beat from 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. What we thought would be a great location turned out to be horrible. First, it was busy. Lots of people and not enough elevators to move them. Second, we were woken by a wedding reception DJ and his music at 11 p.m. on the second floor; we were on the fourth floor. When we called the desk to ask about the music, they just told us it would be ending at 1 a.m.! We have small children who need sleep, as well as parents! Lastly, we parked our rental car with the valet and had fog light covers stolen. Tip: Don't give the parking valet your keys that state the car is a rental. Strangely the rental company only looked for the fog light covers--pieces of plastic that plug into where fog lights would be. No one walked around the car to check other things about its appearance. We tried to consult the hotel about the missing covers, but were told that the valet company is separate from the hotel. A customer service rep emailed us that she would have the manager contact us when he returned from a trip. We have never heard from them since that email. I have family in PR and will not stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>kdb07
<Content>nice room We had a 2 room suite booked through sheraton website and asked for a room with a king bed and view. We got a 2 room suite for 185.00 and loved it. We had none of the problems anyone else spoke of. We have been to osj several times. this is the first time staying here. We did not stay over a weekend but during the week. We do understand that friday through monday are tough times with the few hotels in osj as the cruise ships are docking. We would recommend it just check all websites for the best price. And ask for what type of room you want.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWTFTOM
<Content>NIGHTMARE IN OLD SAN JUAN What started out to be 2 relaxing days in San Juan prior to a 7 day cruise, turned out to be a complete nightmare at the Sheraton Old San Juan. My wife and I arrived on a Friday for a 2 night stay with another couple prior to departing for our cruise. Since our flight arrived first, we went on to the hotel ahead of our friends. When we arrived at the Sheraton Old San Juan, our bags were unloaded and brought into the hotel lobby. We checked in, and were told to go on to our room and that the luggage would follow shortly behind us. Once into the room we noticed that we were looking into a parking garage. This was disappointing, but it was what it was. Forty minutes later, our luggage had not yet arrived, so I called the Bell Desk to inquire. I was informed that our luggage was on its way, and would arrive shortly. When I asked about changing rooms in order to get a better view, I was transfered over to the front desk. The Asst. Manager informed me that since I had requested a room with two beds, that he could not make any changes. When I asked him why, he told me that all rooms with two beds face into the parking structure, and therefore he could not change it. I wondered who would design a hotel where all the rooms with two beds faced into a parking structure and only rooms with one bed had a view, but I told him we would keep the room that we were in. Thirty-five minutes later when my luggage had still not arrived, I went down to the lobby to find my bags. My luggage was still in the same spot as they had dropped it an hour and fifteen minutes earlier. Needless to say, I carried my five pieces of luggage to the elevator myself and took it to my room. Later that evening, I was awaken by the barking of a dog. If the dog were outside, I would have been more accepting of the situation, but the dog was actually inside the hotel. When I called to complain, I was told that the Sheraton Hotel was a pet friendly chain and that nothing could be done since the owner was not in their room. The dog continued to bark until 2:10 a.m. I can only guess that the owners decided to return to their room at that time and the dog then stopped barking. The next day, we went into Old San Juan at around 9:00 a.m. to spend the day. We returned at 3:00 p.m. to find that our room had still not been made up. When I called the front desk to ask about my room, I was told that due to the cruises there is such a large turn-over of guests on the weekends, that the rooms occupied by guests that are staying are not cleaned until all other rooms are done. So basically, since I was paying for two nights, I was getting less service than if I had stayed only one night. That evening, we went upstairs to the pool and hot tub. When we arrived, we noticed that the pool had algae in it and that the hot tub was actually cold. I called the front desk and was told that the hot tub was broken and that the pool would be cleaned the next day because there was nobody available that evening to clean it. Finally, the last day at the Sheraton Old San Juan. We got packed and headed for the elevator with our luggage. We waited anxiously by the elevator dreaming of getting on the cruise ship. We waited and waited and waited and waited. Seems that one of the elevators was broken and everytime the working elevator would stop, it was full already. After the first hour of waiting, I called the front desk to ask for help. I was told that my only option was to carry our luggage down from the sixth floor. Since there was four of us, and we had 10 pieces of luggage, that was not an option. So again, we waited and waited and waited. Then, 40 minutes later, a hotel maintenance man came walking down the hallway. I stopped him and asked if there was some sort of employee elevator on the floor. He said that there was, so I gave him $20.00 to allow us to use that elevator to get down. He agreed, and after 2 hours and $20.00 we were finally checked out of the Sheraton Old San Juan. Now, I want you to know that I am a member of the Sheraton Hotel / Starwood Properties frequent guest program and I not only complained to management at the Sheraton Old San Juan, but also to their corporate guest services. I have stayed at other Sheraton Hotels and have had wonderful experiences. This stay took place in February 2006, and as of yet, I have gotten no response from anyone. Also, I think it is pertinent to know that I paid $325.00 per night for this stay. For that kind of money, I have come to expect so much more that what I recieved.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarribeanWanderer
<Content>Good location, but Terrible Staff I stayed here for twice for business trips. I have to say that in terms that the hotel is convenient for those doing the cruise or those who want to be in Old San Juan. Having said that, I had terrible experience with this hotel.First, the front desk was not helpful at all. When I checked in, the room was not available. What made it worst was that the lady at the front desk told me to come back at a certain time, but when I did, the room was not yet ready. Also, you will need to follow up on everything. As an example, I had requested for laundry pick up at 6 AM, and left the hotel to stroll around the vicinity. When I came back at 9:30 AM, the laundry was not picked up, and apparently the front desk forgot to tell housekeeping. Another problem is that there is always an error in my bill e.g. breakfast charge even if I used a voucher. After a while, I was already beginning to think that the hotel is doing it on purpose. In my second stay here, after being given a room, I immediately went back to the front desk and returned the room. The room provided was not only dingy, there was this horrible smell. Lastly, for my stays, my starwood points were not credited correctly. It took me several weeks before the hotel could apply the correct points. Do yourself a favor... avoid this hotel. Your money is better spent somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jb812
<Content>An excellent stay Having read a lot of bad reviews I was some what concerned about staying at the Sheraton Old San Juan. However this turned out to be a great hotel, the staff could not have been more kind and helpful and the room I had was very clean and in good repair. The facilities in the hotel are of a high standard except the pool which was a bit small and crowded at times. I would certainly recommend the location as well with the old town all within walking distance and the cruise ships right outside. I spoke to the manager by e-mail about the bad reviews before staying and they did admit there had been problems, and they ensured me they had worked hard to resolve the problems and that certainly was the case.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cajuche
<Content>Great Stay - enjoyed Sheraton OSJ       View of the hotel from the fort  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bandar
<Content>Not even worth for free Just returned after 2 days stay using starpoints. I just wasted 14,000 starpoints. Definitely the worse Sheraton I have stayed in. Staff unfriendly, didn't see a smile at all. Furniture, carpet etc.. extremely worn out. The room I got had a very small window like a cubby hole. The room faced a parking lot. All night long, honking from the car alarms from the parking lot. Extremely crowded with cruise ship passengers. Avoid it at all cost. It used to be a Wyndham hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nightmare The worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Unbearably noisy, clean towels missing, wildly erratic cleaning times, a receptionist lied to me repeatedly about the origin of the noise, and the manager was rude. Freezing A/C that cannot be switched off, and windows are sealed and cannot be opened.Quality/price: utterly unacceptable. Try some other hotel, even of much lower category.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pixiez
<Content>Good Location for Day Trips       bedroom  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nlamb
<Content>Nice Hotel, Subpar Experience.       Sheraton from Ship  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great! A great experience. Old San Juan is a great place to stay and go out and eat and drink. The Sheraton was clean, smelled nice and the beds were great. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravlingTS
<Content>Best for the area I read some of the reviews and thought it was going to be a problem. I was in Old San Juan for work so we had no choice in hotel stay. However, I was somewhat surprised. Basic rundown:Rooms: Average Hotel Room. However, if you get the suite it is better. We received a suite for half of our stay and the difference was clear. The view of the port, balcony, separate living room, bigger closet, bedroom, two television sets. Nice.Pool/Hot Tub: This was a big disappointment. The pool was dirty and small. The hot tub was basic, but did not look clean. My husband and I did not use either.Hotel Staff: They were friendly and took care of your needs upon asking. The bellman who gets your taxi does this wierd whistle call. Area: There is not a whole lot to do in Old San Juan; however I recommend the following places: -Senor Frogs (a different theme every day of the week) definatley a party spot (live band, wet t-shirt contest, women wrestling, and many other crazy things-Las Verde - the beach is about a 15 minute ride and it is beautiful-Bacardi Factory - this was not all that exciting, but the cheap liquor and free drinks were nice-Local Shopping in the square at night live bandPlaces I would skip:La Rumba - the booze cruise is really for the locals and unless you want to listen to Latin music for 2 hours I would not suggest. Although to go out on the boat for 2 hours for $10 bucks was not badLas Americans Mall - It is a nice huge mall, but it is one we have seen in the states 100x. Walking Around at night we were told by the locals to stay close to the hotel, because it is not safe at night on the weekend.Overall nice place to visit for about 2-3 days only.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic no frills, good area for a pre cruise stay We stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan for 1 night pre-cruise. I did read some bad reviews, but our stay was great. At the time of check in the lobby was packed. Many pre-cruise people checking in and out. After a short wait in line we are checked in. I reserved 2 rooms and we were given the room types we requested, they even send a cot up for free in one of the rooms. The only small problem (if you even want to call it a problem) was there are only 2 elevators and you may have to wait a few minutes sometimes.The rooms are basic, just how they look on-line. The rooms were very clean. This hotel is prefect for a (Carnival) pre/post cruise stay. We wera able to walk to the pier from the hotel. If you don't want to walk the 1 block there are taxi cabs available.The pool is small. It is located on the top floor, great views of the city and the Carnival destiny.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ltowngirl
<Content>comfortable stay       bathroom 2  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DeborahVJ
<Content>comfortable, clean, and quiet My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan the night before a cruise departure. The room was booked by our travel agent, through Royal Caribbean. The room was very clean and quiet. The bed was very comfortable. No refrigerator. No complaints. There was a very small casino in the hotel and a small, expensive restaurant. Just behind the hotel, there are less expensive places to eat. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SMUJD07
<Content>Stay away. In fact, skip San Juan  My wife  I, along with my sister  brother in law, stayed the nights of 1/18 and 1/19. We were supposed to stay 1 night longer, spend 2 days on Vieques, then come back for one more night to the Sheraton. In lieu of a voluminous diatribe, I'll hit the high points...1. We are Starwood Preferred members - they screwed up our reservation and we were forced to leave a night early on 1/20 and go to Vieques a day early. Thank God we did - and no, we did not return for the last night!2. An unknown hotel employee got ahold of the guest register, ate at their ridiculous restaurant Fogata, and charged it to our room. The indiviual actually signed MY name - legibly - when the check came, so the person would have to have known the name AND room number.3. My siser in law had her credit card number stolen in San Juan  is now dealing with that. We don't know if that occurred at the Sheraton, but it's the same thing all over town.4. Don't let the pictures fool you - the hotel is next to a large construction site and the pool overlooks giant cruise  cargo ship docks. It's about as romantic as any loading dock could be...5. If you want to be ripped off, have fun. If you want to deal with obnoxious tourists, a sprawling metropolis, and a dirty city, have a blast.6. If you actually want to enjoy a trip to Puerto Rico, please see my review of Hacienda Tamarindo on Vieques Island.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Management Stinks... and so does the pool! I was attending a conference at the convention center nearby with an associate. I booked 2 rooms but upon check in the Sheraton informed me that they only had the reservation for my associate. When I spoke with the front desk manager, he basically told me that I was out of luck. When I questioned their proceedures he threatened to have me removed from the property and and cancel our other room if I didn't shut up. They did not seem to care and and offered no help in finding alternate accomadations until they learned that we were in the Caribbean Hotel business and could potentially tell our clients of this bad experience. Because there were no suitable accomadations within one hour of the convention center my associate (female) and I (male) had to share the room for 4 nights. Obviously an awkward situation for us both. Later that day I observed 3 others and the next day one more guest told that although they had reservations they had no rooms available. Even though I was told that I was on a priority list should a room become available, I was never contacted, though I spoke with another attendee at the conference that checked in 2 days later without a reservation. Apparently this hotel overbooks by a large amount catering to cruise ship passengers on day of cruise departure and return.Other issues include a pool and hot tub extremly dirty and 11 lounge chairs on the pool deck for 240 rooms, bungled room service orders served with indignant attitude by the waiter that brings it, and failed housekeeping requests. Because this site does not allow posting of criminal activity, you will have to contact me for that report.If you are expecting typical Sherton service you will not get it! That's fitting as you may not get your room either.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sbcactus
<Content>Terrible Place to Stay! The resort has a terrible management team  their attitude is the client is always wrong. We went to check in with 2 rooms and credit card charged for both rooms  only received one  when voiced why, they told us if we didn't like it, we could go elsewhere even though there were no rooms. When ordered room service breakfast, they brought only 1 breakfast  told me I was wrong  only ordered 1  went to get my form where; I pointed out that 2 were ordered  they said do you want another breakfast, no I want to be treated like a human  a I'm sorry would have been nice rather than raising their voice at me. Never apologized for the room, breakfast, nothing, their attitude was if you don't like it leave. The pool area has 11 lounge chairs but yet the hotel has 240 room. The pool area was disgusting anyway. I would never stay here again, even on a bet.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for Sheraton Old San Juan I just stayed in a suite at the Sheraton in Old San Juan and I am here to tell you that this Hotel has gone downhill in a big way! I have stayed here probably 12 times before, but that is when it was owned by Wyndham. Needless to say, I loved it then. But Sheraton is running this place into the ground. My wife and I used to love the breakfast buffet with all the fresh cooked items, now you get microwaved pancakes and french toast! The rooms used to be nicely outfitted, but now have a real cheap feel to them, and the wear and tear is evident all over. This has been our little get away for years and I was really upset to see how bad it has gotten. I still like the location of this particular hotel, but I'll have to stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!! We were booked at the Sheraton for one night prior to a cruise and loved it! It is in an excellent location for anyone desiring to see the historic areas of San Juan. The only drawback was that there was no beach. They had a very nice pool, though.I love the Sheraton beds! Very comfortable after a day of walking. We had a wonderful time in San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Michris17
<Content>Perfect spot for pre-cruisers We stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan for 2 nights prior to leaving for our Carnival Cruise. The location was perfect. Right in the middle of Old San Juan it was great for taking the walking tour and seeing El Morro. The hotel was also within 3 minutes to the pier to catch the ferry to The Barcardi Rum Distillery not to mention across the street from the pier for our cruise. The concierge was great giving us perfect driving directions to El Yunque and for an electronic store for items we forgot to bring. There is a little store across the street for souvenirs and toiletries. Only word of caution while the breakfast buffet is filling and the food is wonderful it is quite pricey...  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Phoenix
<Content>No Problems - Nice Hotel We stayed in OSJ after our cruise and for Christmas. We had room 807 which overlooked the harbor and the busy street below. The location was fine. Not far to walk to most places in OSJ. The room was what you would expect at a Sheraton. They have a gym with everything you need. Small pool on the roof. The restaurant was a little pricey so we ate elsewhere. Hertz located in the lobby. No complaints  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great way to begin our Cruise Vacation. I had to write a short review about this hotel after reading some negitive comments. This hotel was the best way to start our cruise vacation. From the time we stepped in the lobby until we left it was a great experience. At check-in we were greeted by a very friendly receptionist. Before we had a chance to ask if any upgrades were available, she asked us if we would like to be in a suite. We acceped without hesitation. The room was wonderful. Two large rooms were very well decorated and spotless. The bedroom area had a king bed with feather bed and comforter. Along with two TV's and a large living room with sofa bed, desk area with internet available there was also a magnificent view of the bay and cruise ship area. We were lucky to have been there the weekend of their annual culinary festival. We got to try alot of their speciality foods and wines in a really festive atmosphere. The hotel is with-in walking distance to area attractions and several cruise ship docks. The hotel also has a casino on the same property with a great restaurant and bar area. We would definitely stay there again on our next visit to Puerto Rico. Give the hotel a try you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for the money I thought this was a nice clean hotel. I really did not mind the location, close to alot of things and easy to get a taxi to go anywhere you might want to go. If you are wanting nothing more than a room for the night, this is fine. Service was good, people were helpful, friendly, courteous. Breakfast buffet had to wait in line for a very long time but the food was good. It's nothing fancy, but like I said a good value for the money. I would stay again in this location, I was actually expecting much worse. My overall experience was good.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Experience We booked four rooms staying one night before our cruise. The check-in was horrible. We arrived at the hotel at 1:00 p.m. but could not get into some of the rooms until after 4:00 p.m. So we decided to take our grandchildren to the roof top pool. But when I looked at the pool water it was green and the hot tub water was brown. This water was filled with contimination. After reporting this to the front desk they said they would have maintenace check into it. But never got back to us. The manger of the hotel is aggorant and nasty. They also put us in the wrong room --we were supposed to have too beds--but when we finally were able to go to the room there was only one bed and we booked it for 4 people. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Aloha_29
<Content>Wonderful Pre-Cruise Stay We stayed 2-nights pre-cruise at the Sheraton Old San Juan Hotel and had a wonderful stay. After reading lots of mixed reviews, we were hesitant to give this hotel a try, but we're glad we stayed at the Sheraton. We requested a quiet room away from Senior Frogs and received a nice quiet room on the 4th floor with a terrific view of the cruise terminal and the San Cristobal Fort. Our hotel room was spacious, nicely decorated, and very clean. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to make us happy. We had no problem getting extra towels and our check-in and check-out process was quick and painless. And it was convenient to be in walking distance to the Princess/Carnival Cruise Terminal. The only reason I didn't give this hotel an excellent rating is because Sheraton's restaurant was a little pricey and the food was only fair. We enjoyed spending a full-day sight-seeing in Old San Juan. We took a taxi to the El Morro Fort (since it's up hill) and walked downhill, exploring Old San Juan, and ended up touring the San Cristobal Fort as well. We will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ctelly22
<Content>Worth the Money       View of Sheraton from Cruise Ship  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the Sheraton We stayed at the Sheraton Old San Juan for 3 nights before a cruise in Sept. We had gotten the room on auction so it was already paid for when we arrived. The room they gave us was beautiful but we wanted a view of the pier (might be too noisy for some) so they upgraded us for a small fee. Our room was huge, French doors looking out over the pier area. Large living room and the bedroom was large as well. The bedding was superb...comfy beyond words. They have done a very good job of getting up to speed. Everything we asked for was promptly delivered to our room. The staff was friendly and nice. We rented a car for the day from the Hertz Rental (in-house) and the gentleman was very friendly and helpful with maps and suggestions. We would definately stay there again. We did not eat in the hotel but it sure looked good!...  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever I traveled to Old San Juan with 6 of my classmates from high school, plus one advisor. We all took Level Four Spanish, and it was our Senior trip. We could not have had a better experience. The staff was amazing - the maid even lined up ALL our flip flops, and there were 4 of us girls! The front desk was very helpful in giving us directions to sites of attraction. After a particularly long day of sightseeing, the kitchen stayed open for us to eat a LATE dinner. We took several breathtaking photos from the rooftop pool and were able to workoff all the (amazing!) food we ate in the gym. By the end of the vacation, we had swapped phone numbers and addresses with a couple staff members. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visting Old San Juan. It's convenient location puts you within walking distance of Burger King, Starbucks, Fort El Morro, and a huge selection of authentic Puerto Rican restaurants, bars, shops and clubs.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTKath
<Content>Perfect Location! We stayed here for 1 night prior to our August 14th cruise. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived, so we had to wait a little while. We went out and had some lunch at a little restaurant up the street. The rooms were ready when we came back. My kids (25 and 20) were in a regular 2 double bed room on the 7th floor. My husband and I were upgraded to a king suite on the 5th floor. I wish we were staying more than just 1 night! The sitting room was small and we just used it to store the luggage in! The bathroom was adequate - nothing special. The bedroom was beautiful! It was on a corner and had 2 windows and french doors to a tiny balcony. We had breakfast at a nearby Starbucks and then had a taxi tour with a driver named Mo. We shopped a little and had lunch at a restaurant that was just across from the hotel, but I think it was part of the hotel. Can't remember the name though. When we were done, we went and collected our luggage (as we had checked out earlier, before our taxi tour) from the bell staff and continued on to the RCI cruise pier. I could see myself staying in this hotel again if we were ever to return to San Juan.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Creyes80
<Content>Great for Carnival Cruise Travelers This Hotel is located right in front of the Carnival Cruise ports. I couldnt believe how close we were to the port. The hotel itself is really nice. The staff was really polite. This hotel is definetly a nice one.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>latinoinatlanta
<Content>Great location in Old San Juan. We stayed two nights after our caribbean cruise. We had been in Old San Juan before (2003) at El Convento Hotel and we were looking for a more confortable place in this area. The location of this hotel is the best: close to the best restaurants, the pier, historic places and great shopping. The bedroom we got was at the Club Floor but the facility is closed on weekends. Huge room with a great view of the harbor  pier, including a nice terrace. The already famous Sheraton's signature beds were a plus. The bathroom was OK but the towels were poor quality and very few. We asked for more towels and we got just two hand towels!!!Very busy lobby due to the Casino activity. The staff was welcoming at check-in. Nice full breakfast inlcuded on our fare. The pool  fitness center are just OK.Great location and good value. I will be back if my desire location is Old San Juan.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>frostypurplemanatee
<Content>Comfy, Good Value! This hotel is clean, attractive, and the staff is friendly. We were in room 709 and had a great view of the cruise pier and the port area. It is about a $10 cab ride from the Royal Carribean pier and across the street from the Carnival pier. The beds are extremely comfortable and the bedding looked new! Housekeeping did a wonderful job. Also, the hotel is only about 4 blocks from a wonderful free music, food, and arts/crafts festival on the week ends. It was the highlight of our stay. The downfall is that no breakfast is included, which averaged us about 25.00 plus tip per day. The food was excellent in the hotel restaurant however. Make sure you visit Senior Frog's for a meal. It is located on the block behind the hotel. The Hard Rock Cafe was excellent too. This is a great hotel for honeymooners visiting Old San Juan and cruisers alike.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>coachdog1
<Content>Great location, nice room       View from roof  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nishnish2000
<Content>Construction, front desk was horrible!!  Checked in for 4 nights and paid $610.asked to be upgraded - said there were no rooms available. asked for a higher floor - said there were no higher floors available, instead the guy gave us 2 passes to the bar, which was nice.room was ok, 2 double beds. no mini-fridge.one night decided to go swimming, pool was closed due to weather conditions - it didn't even rain, the weather was perfectly fine. complained about this and the front desk said they would give us passes to the bar. they said the pool was closed for security reasons. they asked us to come downstairs and we spoke with the manager (guy), he said we closed the pool for security reasons, hence we were not gonna receive passes from the bar. so basically they told us to come down for NOTHING!!! Customer satisfaction not met, yet again.tuesday morning - 9 am , construction starts. this is absolutely ridiculous considering ppl are sleeping.stayed in Rm. 325 - the vending machine room was HOT HOT HOT - hence the sodas in the machine were also HOT HOT HOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! absolutely ridiculous. the only good thing about this hotel was perhaps the ladies who cleaned our room, did a really great job and were extremely nice to us. apart from that, this hotel absolutely ---!!! never again. sheraton in other cities are pretty decent, but customer satisfaction was not met considering we stayed 4 nights.i'd recommend the Wyndham San Juan Hotel in Isla Verde - club babylon in there!!!-NG  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Comfortable Stay My stay at the Sheraton Old San Juan was very comfortable. The cleanliness, quality of the linens and furnishings, spaciousness of the rooms, were all that I would expect of a Sheraton. It was well-air conditioned and I slept very well here. Since this is not a resort hotel and not near the beach most vacationers would probably choose it only if they wanted to experience old San Juan, visiting the forts and walking the old cobble stoned streets. I would rate it as excellent for business travelers except for the trouble that I had with their high speed Internet connection. I had to be moved once because the Internet wasn't working in my original room. Then when it was working I couldn't access our Exchange e-mail server. The help desk said this was normal because the hotel did not have a mail relay setup. Not being able to access my e-mail made my business travel more stressful than it needed to be. Dinner from room service was excellent. Try the restaurant Baru if you stay here. It is within easy walking distance if you are wearing comfortable shoes (those cobblestones).  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fiddlers3
<Content>Room Location Determines Comfort       Kids photo of new pier construction from 811  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lvs2cruz
<Content>Couldn't Wait to Leave After reading some reviews from Priceline and Hotwire hotel users getting stuck with terrible rooms even in otherwise nice hotels in San Juan, I decided I'd bite the bullet and pay almost $380 for two small rooms at the Old San Juan. I had made the reservations last summer before it changed to a Sheraton, and I had to make 2 calls to Sheraton and one to the mgr in San Juan to get the reservation transferred. The web site kept saying reservation does not exist. Anyway, I got that straightened out, and we arrived as scheduled around 4 p.m on a Saturday. The check in took almost a half hour. One girl trying to handle everything. Our rooms were small (the balcony was literally 6 inches wide) but we weren't going to spend much time there anyway, so that wasn't a problem. The problems that will keep me away from this hotel in the future were the air conditioning that either blasted frigid air or no air (and in 92 degree San Juan, just turning off the A/C was not an option. Although we did try that for awhile just to get warm and opened the balcony doors, but the room was so humid we couldn't see ourselves through the condensation on the mirrors.) So OK, we fell asleep around 11:00 after a long day of airports and about midnight we were awakened by deafening noise -- music, laughter, screams and assorted motorcycles, tire screeching and police sirens. Although we were on the 8th floor, Senor Frogs at street level was starting to come alive and stayed that way until almost 4 AM. Bottom line, next time go ahead and use Priceline -- the room location couldn't have been worse and if you do decide to stay here, get a room on the other side of the building from Senor Frogs.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Nimdok
<Content>Excellent Property (revised rating)As readers of the messages here can see, the Sheraton Old San Juan is in the midst of renovating its reputation. They are, by and large, doing an excellent job. We had very few complaints during a three night stay last week, and all of them had to do with housekeeping issues. Fortunately, the front desk and management take any and all concerns very seriously, as we observed twice during our stay.First, the room. Our room was a nice, fairly standard Sheraton hotel bedroom on the fourth floor. It was quiet, comfortable and convenient, and a cut above the average hotel room. The hotel location is excellent, allowing access to both the waterfront and Old San Juan with relative ease. The valet staff is excellent, helpful and friendly, as is the staff of La Forgata -- the hotel's restaurant and bar. The food there is excellent. La Forgata is run by the same company as the Parrot Club and Dragonfly, and the quality of the food reflects it. The Churrascuro selections are excellent and the steak was one of the best I've had on a vacation.The negatives have, as said, to do with housekeeping. There were a couple of minor things, but the most blatant problem we had was with towels. We arrived back at the room one of the days to discover that no new towels had been left after cleaning. When we called for replacements the towels were delivered within minutes, and the person doing so was smiling and apologized for the oversight. Unfortunately two of the towels delivered were badly stained and torn, so I decided to let the manager know about the problem. Again, only small issues, but several of them and beyond just this one. The front desk staff was very apologetic, imnmediately summoning the manager. He listened attentively and offered his own apology, assuring me he would take care of things. When we went back to the room a few hours later not only were there twice the number of very clean and acceptable towels, but a small goblet of chocolates and a thank you note. A very graceful response to a minor but persistant problem, and I can state that we had no further complaints after this incident. All in all, this Sheraton is an excellent property and working hard to rectify the few shortcomings still in evidence. I heartily recommend this as a place to stay in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hit_the_lights
<Content>Comfort and Consistency My wife and I stayed one night at the Sheraton in Old San Juan over the Memorial Day holiday. We arrived at the International airport on Friday at 11:30am, and a $20 cab got us to the Sheraton in about 20 minutes.I chose the Sheraton for two reasons: Firstly, we only had 24 hours to spend in San Juan (the majority of our stay was in Vieques, which we flew to the next day from Isla Grande airport), so I thought Old San Juan would be the best place to stay. And secondly, I knew that the hotel had recently been renovated from a Wyndham to a Sheraton, so I thought everything would be pretty new and clean, and the Sheraton/Starwoods name has proven to be dependable for us.The Sheraton did not disappoint. We had lunch at the hotel, and the friendly waiter gave us a map and provided directions to a number of attractions, restaurants and shops to get us acquainted with the area. Our room, clean and non-smoking, featured a very comfortable king size bed (the sheraton sleeper beds are great), good bathroom, and a nice view of the bay.Getting around Old San Juan by foot was easy from the Sheraton...the walk along the water towards Fort Morro was gorgeous. We planned to visit Fort Cristobal that day as well, but got sidetracked on Calle de San Francisco and all the shops, eateries, and museums/arthouses that were there. We had dinner at El Picoteo at the El Convento Hotel. The paella was incredible, as was the fresh vanilla cake. If we ever return to Old San Juan for a night, I think I would stay here. We hit the casino back at the Sheraton for about 10 minutes. Its a novelty, but not the reason why we stayed there.We had breakfast the next day at a local diner on the south side of one of the smaller plazas. No one spoke much english, but the cafe con leche was great, as were the pastries. Fort Cristobal is an easy walk from the Sheraton, so we went there for a little culture and to take in some dramatic ocean and city views.Checking in (early) and checking out at the Sheraton was a cinch. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a stay in Old San Juan. There are cheaper accomadations available, but we found a great deal online and earned SPG points, so the decision was an easy one to make.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Respite A family group stayed in two rooms here after 5 days of bareboating. To us it felt wonderful. The rooms are comfortable with desk, yummy bed, comfortable chair as well as a small balcony. There are lots of drawers but a minimum of hanging storage. They don't change towels unless you leave on the floor. With the high humidity levels, they don't dry overnight so it is worth getting new ones every day. Used the concierge to book spa treatments at both Eden Spa and Los Muchachos. Eden Spa more luxurious and english speaking, Los Muchachos less pricey and little english, fun local color however.Two great restaurants in Old San Juan, Agaviva and Al Dente are within easy walking distance as is most of Old San Juan. Be sure to wear your sun lotion and take lots of water with you as you walk around however. The sun is still very strong.Got a good value on the rooms, had a lovely water view as well as access to the club level, but that is closed on weekends. There is a casino but we never visited and weren't impacted by it's presence.Suggest you ask for the taxi fare amount in advance - it was 18.50 from the airport for four people and bags and $20 to the airport for two.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location!       Bathroom  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenL
<Content>Great location! We liked this Hotel. Great location for shopping and dining. Check in and out was a bit slow but the beds were wonderful and the hotel was clean. We found the staff to be friendly and would stay here again without hesitation!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is NOT the place to stay. The best thing that can be said about this property is the location. The rooms are adequate and the common areas are OK. When we checked into the hotel, we had to wait for about 20 minutes as they have severely understaffed the front desk. The elevators to the rooms are small and the bell staff was quick to jump on the elevators with their luggage carts. Plan on about 40 minutes to get checked in and into your room, even if you are a Starwood Preferred member. When we arrived in our room, it appeared that the housekeeping staff had not completely finished making up the room. We needed some towels and their were no pillowcases on the pillows. When we left for dinner, we stopped by the front desk and asked them to have pillowcases put on the bed pillows and to leave towels. When we arrived back from dinner about 2 hours later, there were still no towels or pillowcases. It required two more calls to get housekeeping to attend to the room.The two nights we stayed at the property were as expected for a Sheraton. The checkout process, while not as long as the check-in process, was still woefully slow. This hotel does not emphasize customer service and I would definitely not reccomend it.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, a little pricey My husband and I stayed here for three days precruise. The location is perfect for sightseeing of Old San Juan, Bacardi factory, restaurants etc. I thought the room was a bit small for the price. But it was clean and the beds are extremely comfortable. Service was fine! I would recommend this hotel for cruise ship passengers.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Stay Again The hotel room and lobby itself was adequate and about what you'd expect from a Sheraton, maybe even a little less than you'd expect because it is noisy and has very few desk staff to manage the hotel guests checking in and out (plan on waiting 10 minutes to be helped). I would note that the Hilton Caribe and the Wyndham Condado, both on the beaches have much nicer hotels and ground. If you are staying here because it is close to cruise ship terminals, you might check with your cruise line because several docks are NOT within walking distance. We booked this hotel when it was the Wydham Old San Juan because it was close to the cruise ship terminal. Sometime in the winter of 2004, Sheraton purchased the property. Neither Sheraton or Wyndham ever advised me of the property transfer, and Sheraton has refused to honor the pre-paid, non-cancellable rate that was booked with Wyndham. I am still in the process of disputing the billing with my credit card company. Originally, upon check-in, the desk clerk confirmed with me that my stay was prepaid, and then again at checkout, when I mentioned that I did not receive a receipt, they again advised that the hotel was already paid, and nothing was due. Upon our return from San Juan, I noticed a charge from Sheraton on my Mastercard statement. I have tried numerous times via phone and email with the hotel and with Sheraton customer service (who really has done nothing but refer me to the San Juan hotel accounting office). Staff is not friendly at this hotel and did not return several phone calls I had made to dispute the billing, but sent an email to me that since Sheraton did not bill me, so the charges will stay. Subsequently, I have disputed this charge with Mastercard, who is currently investigating. After this experience and the lack of care or possibly lack of training in Starwood (Sheraton) customer service, staying at any Starwood property (Westin, Sheraton, W, etc.) would be a last resort for me. Starwood actually sent me a customer satisfaction survey regarding it's customer service three weeks ago. Needless to say, my review was not great on their handling of this matter. Starwood has never followed up on that survey, which shows me that they really could care less.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Place to Stay I Just finished reading several reviews of the Sheraton Old San Juan, and I had a different (and more pleasant) experience. I stayed in this hotel on June 2-5, 2004. I arrived after the check-in time (3:00PM) and I got my room immediately. My luggage was taken to my room by the bell staff; he opened the door and invited to enter the room first, then he entered after me. He then opened all windows for me to see the ocean. Everything was available inside the room (number of towels, ice bucket, shampoo, etc.). The room was pretty nice, and the bed was quite comfortable. I also found the location of the hotel to be perfect, particularly because of my interest to spend lots of time in Old San Juan. During check-out time, I went to the front desk and checked out immediately, and then my taxi to take me to the airport was just outside the hotel as per my request with a phone call I made to the desk about 30 minutes before I decided to check out. As soon as I returned to the United States, I told my friends about my pleasant experience at that hotel. Actually, my stay in that hotel was so rewarding that I am coming back to San Juan, Puerto Rico on May 11-15, 2005 to stay again in the same hotel!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mamaknows
<Content>Nice hotel, but disappointing experiene       View from top of Sheraton  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>traveler723
<Content>Very Nice Experience After reading many mixed reviews of this hotel, we approached our stay with some apprehension. It was not necessary. We arrived around 1 PM to a bright, friendly hotel. Front desk staff were very pleasant and efficient and within minutes we were checked in. I had prepared myself for a dingy room but instead there was a large, airy, well appointed room. No view, just looking down on the roof of another building, but the room itself was just fine. Breakfast in the restaurant was lovely as you had a choice of ordering off the menu or having the buffet. The buffet was a good choice as they made fresh omelettes, and had a wide selection of foods. The casino was quite busy but the machines were fairly open and it was a lively atmosphere. Checkout went smoothly and all in all it was a fine experience. We had two wonderful local dinners at Mojito, just a block up of the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel in Transition Stage This Sheraton right on the harbor in Old San Juan and only a few steps away from the historic center was formerly a Wyndham property. The location is very convenient and the rooms all have a view, on one side of Old San Juan and on the other of the harbor and the cruise ships. There were only two drawbacks in my opinion. One was that it is a casino hotel with a small casino in the lobby. The second is that the rooms are rather run-down. However the Sheraton is in the process of upgrading the rooms. The concierge level was only so-so. Breakfast selections were very limited and the afternoon drinks/hors d'oeuvres were charged to your room on an honor system. It did have a nice roof top swimming pool and health club. And the restaurant was excellent. Service in the restaurant was top notch with very informed and informative wait staff, attentive but not intrusive, accurate and well timed. I suppose if the Sheraton continues its improvements and its transition from Wyndham ways to Sheraton style, this hotel will be above average. There are excellent restaurants within a few blocks walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No towels, shampoo, conditioner, sheets 2/24/05We just stayed at the brand new Sheraton in the Old Town of San Juan prior to take our cruise to the Eastern Caribbean. We chose this hotel because of Starwood's good reputation, this hotel does not deserve to be part of this chain. The hotel claims to have a 3 pm check in, yet we waited over 3 hours to check in, we were given our room after 7 pm. Once we got to our room, we did not have sheets, towels, shampoo or even soap. We were told that the hotel did not have the basic inventory. I asked for suggestions and none was provided, not alternatives. Check out was even worse, the lobby looked like Central Station in New York. We had to wait for over one hour to pay our bill. It was very uncomfortable and it ruined our first day of our vacations.I will tell all my friends about this horrible experience. If you are ever in Puerto Rico, look for other hotels. Do not stay at the Sheraton Old Town.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Windmill99
<Content>Great Deal  We stayed for 4 days at the end of Feb 2005 in a Junior Suite. It's true that the hotel doesn't have great amenities or much character in decorator schemes. However, we were there during the most busy season with a full hotel and found the hotel to be clean, well kept and on-the-whole very friendly service. San Juan in general isn't the fastest service place in the world - but hey - you're on vacation right? What's your hurry. Relax! This hotel has LOCATION in capital letters. You have a short walk to get anywhere in San Juan. We walked everywhere and shopped, ate and poked around the city 'til we dropped! I thought the rates were very reasonable for high season - especially as compared with other locals in PR. The pool has a great view of the cruise ships and is perfect for an afternoon rest from treking the hills around San Juan. It's not huge, not that deep and not an elegant setting. There is no bar poolside but I saw people bring their own alcohol and my husband brought me a drink from the bar where they insisted on giving him a nice glass. My son used the exercise room everyday and his only complaint was that the reception on one of the TVs was not that great. We had wonderful help from the bell boys and lobby staff. People went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We were very happy here and while this hotel is not the Ritz - it's perfectly adequate for a short stay. 4 days is too long if you are just touring San Juan. You can do the city in a couple days. As noted in all the reviews - Do the rainforest tour. The concierge can help you with this. Also, we found very good rates in car rentals when we were ready to leave for other destinations (see reviews of Westin Rio Mar and Palmas Del Mar). You can pick the car up here instead of the hassle at the airport. Don't even ask about the airport! I never saw such an inefficient system in my life and I've traveled extensively. One tip when you leave - you must go thru USDA even though there are no customs requirements and you have no plants, food, etc. It's a royal pain because they don't have good information for travelers and you will wait in long lines, only to find out that you have to get this stamp first before you can check in.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scaredofflying
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at this hotel precruise for 2 days and it was just great. We were very impressed when we first arrived with the helpfulness of the people at the front desk and the prompt service we received.  The room we got was absolutely great. Very clean and spacious and it had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. We noticed there was no ice bucket when we got to the room so we called room service and had an ice bucket filled with ice delivered to our room within minutes.  The room had shutters on the windows instead of curtains which we liked. Check out the shower curtain rods.. they are really cool..and make the shower feel extra spacious.  The hotel is right across from the docks which concerned me until I arrived there. I expected it might be a rather unclean and dangerous area but it was not that way at all. The hotel is within walking distance of the Carnival dock and is also within walking distance of the rest of Old San Juan.  There is a great restaurant in front of the hotel that I believe may be part of the hotel complex that is called Mofongo's. We ate dinner there just before Valentines day and the rib eye steak was reasonable, quite big, and done just right. We also found that they had conch on the menu as part of an appetizer and were really glad to find it since we had tried to find it to try on a previous cruise but could not find anywhere. We had a great waiter named Omar who was quite patient and helpful and answered my numerous questions about the food and how it was prepared. We went back the next morning for breakfast and it was really good and reasonable and again we received great service. We did go there for lunch post cruise also-which shows how much we liked it since we stayed in Isla Verde post cruise at the Marriott which is about 15 minutes per taxi and about an hour per bus (the buses don't exactly run on schedule but they only cost 25 cents per person so how can you complain). There was a Senor Frogs right behind the hotel that we tried but I was not really impressed. There was a 5.00 cover charge each and the singer with the band was really good but the only food I saw there was hot dogs but we did go there rather late. When we went on our walking tour the next day we did see another Senor Frogs a few blocks uphill that may have been better.  As for touring Old San Juan there is so much to see you should take a couple days. There is a free trolley that takes you around if you would rather not walk up and down hill too much. We went on a self directed walking tour for 6 hours the day after we arrived and I got some really big blisters to prove it. Next time I'll try the trolley service which seems to run quite frequently. Despite the blisters walking around San Juan was one of the highlights of our trip. On our way back to the hotel we ate at a small place called Spanglish. The food was quiet good and reasonable.  The night we arrived we got there rather late so after we checked in we went for a walk to enjoy the great weather..I saw some flashing lights down the block and wanted to investigate so we walked down a couple blocks. They have a party boat named La Rhumba that looked like a lot of fun but we were tired so we didn't try it. We did try some empanadilla's from a street vendor for a dollar each and they were really good. They sell everything from crafts to pizza to snow cones near the docks from the street vendors. We watched the snow cone vendor shave ice from a big block of ice to make the snow cones with. If you are there during the day stop in at the tourism office where they will give you a map. When we were there they said they were having a rum promotion and gave us free drinks and those mini bottles of Bacardi flavored rum. This hotel has a roof top pool and hot tub. The pool was clean but rather small and I never saw anyone getting in it. People mostly used that area for getting a tan. There is however a great view from the rooftop so be sure to take your camera up there. There is also locker rooms and a fitness area inside the building next to the pool.  The one thing I did think was a little different was that the pop and ice machines were in shuttered small areas not easily noticed. I decided it was probably because these small areas were not air conditioned and apparantly give off heat.  The elevators worked well and the air conditioning was great.  If you're going to be in San Juan for a while I would stay in Old San Juan for the sightseeing part of my stay and I would stay in Isla Verde for the beach part. I would avoid the Condado area since there were a lot of derelict buildings and graffiti mixed in with the new hotels....We stayed at the Marriott in Isla Verde for a post cruise day and it was great. I think that one of the reasons that the reviews are mixed for these hotels depends on when you are arriving because we did notice a lot of people waiting for rooms while we were checking out to go to the cruise ship. They were checking in on a Sunday and probably looking to check in early since it was only about 1pm and we arrived on a Friday night. I think that makes a big difference since Carnival ships come in and leave on Sundays.  All things considered I will definitely stay here again while in San Juan..  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT! Unbelievable! This hotel's location is the best right in front of the cruiseships and walking distance to a lot of entertainment and restaurants. Wje took a short vacation before going in our cruise. The hotel was in great shape and the service was outstanding. We loved the restaurant in the first floor. The beds were amazing. It is also close to all the historic buildings. If we go back to Puerto Rico we will stay there again. LOVE IT.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good service, I'm impressed I stayed for two days........2/1-2/3. Check in was quick and easy. The front desk staff was professional and efficent. The bellperson was friendly and quick to respond. Our room was spacious, and well appointed. Really cool Bombay Company......Pier1 looking furnishings. The room was relatively clean and but very cold. My view was nonexistent, I was facing a parking lot. The beds felt wonderful..........very restful. Cleaning staff very nice, but when returning from a day out...............my room was cleaned so-so. The fitness center was decent. The pool was located on the 9th floor had very nice views of the harbor. The room service was mediocre and very expensive..........food was warm, chicken was dry not impressed. They have a policy of granting comps if the food is not delivered in 30 mins, so my dinner was free.The maid took my ice bucket, I called the front desk, in less than 3 mins. I recieved a bucket full of ice with a complimentary hard back book about Puerto Rico, very nice.My only real complaints are that the room gets extremely cold, and they offer no heat. I was freezing most of the time. The beds are nice but they are not good for two people they are kinda small.I would still here again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Old San Juan We stayed here on 1-29-5 for a night before our cruise. We had a king bed suite with two doors which opened up to the main street over looking the harbor. The front door staff walked out and met our taxi and pointed us to the front desk and helped with our bags. The check in went very quick. The front desk person friendly and gave us a map of old san juan and tips on where to go. She advised they were having a street festival and gave us sugestions on where to go for that. The room was ready an hour early and they got us right in. The room was very large with a bedroom and a large living area with a couch, two chairs, flat screen tv, desk and the the doors to the overlook. There was a seperate bathroom with amenities. The room was very clean and the sheets on the bed and the pillows were awesome. We slept very well. There is a inroom safe in the bedroom. There is a small casino there but we did not use it. There also is a restaurant with a great terrace view over looking the harbor. There is one pier right by the hotel but this appeared to be used by carnival. We had the Pan Amercian Pier for Royal Carribean cruise, this pier is a 10 dollar cab ride which took about 10 minutes. The ferry to the rum factory was right across the street also. We walked downtown and enjoyed the festival, great street music and food and toured the two forts and the many street squares with beautiful water fountains and statues. There are many smalls shops which sell the tourists things. Also there is the usual fast food places and a walgreens close by. The streets were very safe even at night. There were policemen at about ever other corner.Our check out went smooth and quick. They stored our luggage for a few hours while we did some more sight seeing and then they called us a cab and we were off. I would definitely stay here again! I only wish we stayed for more than one night.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HELENYPOOH
<Content>Perfect Hotel for Cruisers ! ! If you need a hotel to stay at a couple of days before a cruise, this is the hotel for you ! It is directly across the street from the cruise pier !I flew in from New York four days before my Carnival Destiny Cruise, planning to visit San Juan before starting the cruise. It was the Wyndham when I booked it on Expedia, and found out when I got there, that just three weeks prior, it became the Sheraton. I was happy, because I know that Sheraton has the most comfortable beds and pillows in the world. Sheraton calls their beds the  Sweet Sleeper , and they are so correct. I loved my room, it had the biggest bed with the plushest, sofetest mattress, and six plush pillows !A large, Zenith TV, and a large lounging chair with ottoman.I was especially impressed with the rooftop pool. It has the most breathtaking views of the cruise pier with the docked cruiseships !I booked through the Concierge a tour of the San Juan Rain Forest, which was lovely and we had the nicest, friendliest guide. Also across the street near the Pier, is a party boat called  La Rhumba  which sails every day, and it is alot of fun. I have to say, I did not like the food in the Hotel Restaurant. It is very expensive, and everything I had was dry as a bone, even the mashed potatoes were dry and hard. I went the last day to  Senor Frog 's  in back of the Hotel, and it was great.I will be cruising from San Juan again, and will stay at this hotel...but I won''t eat there !You are welcome to E-mail me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, Terrible Customer Service Even though this hotel is frequented by throngs of cruise ship arriving tourists (huge lines and crowded lobbies), I've stayed at the Old San Juan Hotel on several occasions due to a convienient client proximity. On some stays (usually short stays where all I required was a room with a shower), things went fairly well. On stays where I required interaction with Customer Service personnel, it was horrible. On one occasion, my assigned room had just been bombed with an insect repellent/killer. I requested a room change due to the quasi-toxic odor. I was told there were no other rooms. No additional checks, no 'let me look and we'll call you back,' or 'let me check with the Manager,' nada. Due to a late check-in and early morning business meeting I had to suck it up and purchase an incense candle (at tourist prices) across the street. On my subsequent stay (Hoping the bug room was an isolated incident), I was forced to request an additional night due to a rescheduled business meeting. Again I was told no rooms were available. No additional checks were conducted and no attempt made by the young and obviously inexperienced desk clerk to locate a room anywhere. My secretary back in Washington, D.C. had to call several San Juan hotels in the area to find a room for one night while I attended my meeting. This was the last straw and I haven't stayed in this hotel in over a year.  The callous and uncaring response by hotel personnel was quite amazing. I've stayed in hundreds of hotels all over the world and never have I seen anything like it. I have since found much better service at other nearby hotels such as the Embassy Suites in Isla Verde (Bigger rooms and no bug smell) or the San Juan Hotel on Isla Verde (a little pricier but excellent service).  *Oh yeah, I wrote a letter of complaint and sent it to the Old San Juan Hotel management. I received an apparent cut and paste e-mail response offering me a free nights stay at their hotel. No offer to look into the offending personnel or any assurance that something would be done to correct the service. Simply surreal.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greatscott2
<Content>"The Best Location" My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Old San Juan this past January after returning from a caribbean cruise and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were there for 4 nights. We are looking forward to another 3-night stay the first part of December. January was our first trip to Puerto Rico and we came away just loving it. We did the self-walking tour around the city, the Bacardi Rum Factory, rode one of the nice buses around the city and did a lot of window shopping and souvenier shopping. We found that getting around in San Juan is a breeze....either by foot, taxi, or bus and VERY INEXPENSIVE!!!The Wyndham Old San Juan Hotel was quite nice with a lovely staircase in the lobby overlooking the casino. The rooms themselves could use some improvement in the furniture/bedspread area, but all in all, we found our room quite adequate with a large bathroom and coffeepot which is essential for us coffee-drinkers! Our room did have a small balcony that opened up to view the bay, pier and large cruise ships which was a nice plus. We used the small roof-top swimming pool once and took some nice pictures as the view from the top of the hotel is wonderful.Food was pretty reasonable downstairs by the casino and they had new pastries each night that we picked up and took to our room after we had played a little in their casino...Breakfast buffet upstairs was good too! Most nights we spent exploring the city and trying new things...There is a restaurant across the street in a small shopping center called Mofongo where we had several meals. The service, food, price and decor was excellent. Just a real colorful bar and restaurant....After eating several places with local cuisine, we were hungry for some good old mexican food and found a great luncheon spot on our walk around town at Resturant Lupis. The food and margaritas were wonderful! This place has several t.v.'s around the bar and loves the NFL.We fell in love with Puerto Rico and can't wait to go back this December and check out the beach and other things we missed on our first trip!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Aurora_21
<Content>Nice Stay We stayed at the Wyndham Old San Juan the night of May 16, 2004 for one night night before our Southern Carribean cruise on the Golden Princess.We arrived late (about 10:30 p.m.), after a very long day of traveling (almost 24 hours). I purchased the conceirge leve room online through their website, and check-in and check-out was a breeze. The room was nice, and very clean, the balcony was great, and the staff were very friendly; they weren't quite as friendly in the casino or the lounge. One member of the staff even went to a restuarant to get me something to eat (it was too late to get food at the hotel). The continental breakfast (included in the price of our room) was wonderful.One note, on our way to the hotel, when we were within a few minutes of the hotel, are taxi driver locked the doors -- apparently he didn't feel overly safe in the area. I don't think we would have ventured outside alone at night, but it looked fine during the day.For our purposes the hotel was great for the night before the cruise (note the Princess cruise ship pier is not within walking distance of the hotel); but, if I was going to stay in San Juan for more then a couple of days, I would stay in a hotel on the beach instead.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisnyaol
<Content>Great location, needs maintenance We ended a 11 day tour of Puerto Rico with 3 nights in Old San Juan. This hotel is right across from the Carnival cruise ship and within walking distance of El Morro. We paid $165 + $33 tax per night for a weekend stay. The breakfast buffet was $15 adults, $8 children, which I think is a good value. The same buffet at the El Conquistador and Martineau bay is $21. The rooftop pool area is small but adequate. Wyndham could do better with the maintenance of this area as there were open light fixtures with exposed wires. Not only is this unattractive, but it is unsafe. My Wyndham By Request literature indicates free long distance calls. I placed two three minute calls and was charged $24. I complained to the front desk. They explained that calls are free only within Puerto Rico. They removed the charge. I was able to make the same long distance call from a pay phone for 0.50 cents. The PARROT CLUB and QUERCIA restaurants are EXCELLENT. Stay away from Fratecellis. . El Morro and Bacardi were worthwhile sightseeing. I would recommend this hotel before or after a cruise for one or two nights.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midoririta
<Content>Great location! We stayed at this hotel for the 1st night of our stay- the next 4 nights were at the Wyndham El Conquistador. The Old San Juan location was perfect. We wanted to see the city- and we were close to everything! Senor Frogs was right behind the hotel for great frozen drink and food! We walked around the historic area and was reffered to a great little local place for dinner! You could walk to the Fort, or to the ferry pier for a ferry to the Bacardi Factory! It is right across from the cruise terminal. The hotel was very nice- our room had no view, but our friends had a great view of the piers and other islands. Greeted fairly quickly, into the room quickly. Very clean rooms, the pool is on the rooftop and has some amazing views!!! I love this hotel and I will be back! Broke even in the casino, but spent several hours playing and met a lot of people! Please feel free to email me if you have any questions, or if you would like to take a peek at my pictures!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BATravelerBA
<Content>Great hotel at a decent price We stayed at the Wyndham Old San Juan the night before our cruise departed.We were delighted with our room, it was large, clean and quiet. We got a decent hotel rate by booking directly with Wyndham and using our AAA discount.The staff was friendly and helpful. This is a great hotel to stay if you want to explore the San Juan area and don't mind being a taxi ride away from a beach. Don't get a car if you plan to stay in San Juan. Driving is dangerous and parking is next to impossible. This hotel is centrally located and you can visit most of the sites in Old San Juan on foot.The casino was small, but lively.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location I stayed at the Old San Juan Wyndham for two days. The hotels was clean and attractive. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was ideal for exploring Old San Juan, however getting to the beaches elsewhere in San Juan was not so convient. Our room had no view, but the room was spacious. I was able to get the room from priceline for $60 during the off season, so the hotel was a definite bargin. I am not sure spending much more then $100 would make sense though.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! If you are interested in visiting Old San Juan and not the beaches this hotel is the best place to stay! I live in Hawaii so choosing a hotel with a beach was not one of my requirements. It is in walking distances to everything in Old San Juan and it's historical sites. The hotel staff as well as the concierge we very helpful and courteous. Considering that we were tourist unfamiliar with the place we requested to book a tour for Old San Juan but the concierge advised us that we can save money and have a better experience by doing a self guided walking tour. He gave us a restaurant map and a sites-of-interest map. The concierge was right!! We were able to have lunch and see the sites at our own pace. El Morro was about 25 minutes and San Cristobal was about 10 minutes away from the hotel. This gave us lots of picture oppurtunities which I don't think we would be able to do if we took a bus tour. We also took the ferry (50 cents pp) across the bay and a taxi ($6.00) to the Barcadi Factory which is free admission and 2 free drinks which is way cheaper than booking a tour. We also booked the Camuy Caves and Obersvatory and it was fun. James or Angie at the concierge desk...kudos to them! The hotel itself is clean, comfortable, and safe. From our window we could see the San Cristobal Fort which is such a wonderful sight. If you don't want to venture out at night, there are several restaurants around the vicinity and the casino is there for your pleasure! Wear comfortable shoes, sunscreen/hat, bottled water, and lots of film/memory stick for your camera!!! HAVE FUN!   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Senior Frog's Music was a problem Can you say NO sleep? We were on the 4th floor and could hear the night club music at Senior Frog's across the street all the way into the bathroom with the door shut. We complained about the music level, but nothing was resolved. The hotel did not offer shuttle service, and the hotel was really not up to par for a Wyndham property. The only redeeming quality was it was centerally located in the heart of Old San Juan. The staff did not go out of their way to make our stay more comfortable. The accomodations were average at best.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what we expected The Wyndham Old San Juan i a good hotel if you want to be in Old San Juan, its not so great if you want to be by the beach, its about a $32 dollar cab ride back and forth to thebeach, they really charge you if you are a tourist. Its across the street from where the cruise ships dock; casino is small and the rooms were adequate. Rooftop pool was very small and jacuzzi was not adequate at all. The staff was friendly and helpful. Probably would not stay there again if I traveled back to Puerto Rico. Its very close to the Bacardi factory you can catch the ferry for about a dollar and catch a cab when you get off the ferry which is cheaper than paying for the tour  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location; needs and update This hotel is not up to par with most Wyndhams, but is clean and has a central location to beautiful old San Juan. The hotel is old and needs new carpet and generally could stand an update. The odds at the Casino are terrible; don't waste your money. The pool is phenomenal; it is on the 9th floor and has a great view of the ocean. Staff were courteous. Food was ok but nothing to rave about.   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LuvDCaribbean
<Content>Very nice, had a great time here. This was our 2nd visit to the Wyndham in Old San Juan. As our 1st trip, this was a pre-cruise stay. 2 nights w/balcony - a beautiful view. The entire staff was friendly. We left a tip for the maid, as ussual, but this time we received a hand-written thank you note from her. That impressed the heck out of me. Anyway, it's a super place and would be a 5 Star except the Pool  Exercise facilities are way too small. But the rooms, the service, food, drinks  location are all perfect. Casino was ok too. Lots of nice little restaraunts  bars close enough to walk to. Wonderful parks  great areas to walk/run. We also visited Wyndham El San Juan for 1/2 day .... wow, super hotel but not so good area for visiting - but great pool  beach. The area had more of a local feel to it, which is ok I guess but we like the old shops  streets in Old SJ better.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>notnecessary
<Content>It's fine It's fine. The hotel is older, but hey, you're in 'old San Juan'. You can walk anywhere around old San Juan, just out the back of the hotel. The cruise ship piers are all just across the street and there's a zillion taxis around. Book online, get a good rate. Walk two blocks behind the hotel and there's a small plaza with several bistros, even a Starbucks! If you don't want the beach (or beach prices), would like to see old San Juan and want to be near the piers, this place is good. The rooms are large, maybe a little worn, but everything works. Plus, maybe you'll make a big killing at the casino (Not!)  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok, but could be better Stayed there 2/7/04 prior to cruise. Location too far from Princess terminal to walk - required another cab drive to get to the ship. Neighborhood friendly, and seemed safe. Some street people, but, no one bothered you. Hotel was adequate. Room small but clean. Carpet was threadbare in many spots. REALLY needs attention. We had a balcony, which offered a nice view of the piers. Buffet was good - service crummy. Couldn't get a cup of coffee or glass of water from anyone. And, they weren't that busy. Casino was small, and ok. Small cafe/bistro off the lobby had good food, but service was crummy. VERY slow. We could have walked out without paying, and no one would have known. Easily walkable to Old San Juan. Would I stay again? There's lots of choices. I would explore others first. I'm used to Chicago prices and quality, and this was not nearly the same quality for the money. Good luck!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel and location were great! Stayed at the Old San Juan for 2 nights prior to our cruise. Location was terrific. Food was fine. Casino was lots of fun. Amenities were fine. I travel every week and for the money this place was great!!!! Only thing that really needs changing is the carpeting in rooms. It is old and dated. Fitness Club was better than most hotels across America. Pool was really cute and view of Bay was fine. We walked and shopped all over old town and felt safe out at night. Lot's of police patrols and plenty of pedestrians. Would not hestitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MisterW
<Content>Worth it at a good price...but know what to expect Stayed here during the San Sabastian festival Jan 14-18. Great location in Old San Juan. Everything in the old city is within walking distance (and nothing outside the old city is within walking distance). Best location for cruise ships. All in all, El Convento has a better location in Old San Juan though and is without a doubt far superior hotel. However, it's also fairly expensive and you can get really good deals at the Wyndham. So if you're willing to take the good with the bad (see below), it could be worth it. The good: in addition to location, the hotel is fairly clean, good breakfast buffet, nice rooms esp if you get one with a balcony, somewhat nice casino. Bottom line: I had fun at this place. The bad: staff is basically indifferent to you. They weren't rude per se, but totally indifferent. And, the place isn't opulent. It's a reasonably nice hotel, nothing more, nothing less. So, if you want to be in Old San Juan and don't want to pay for (or couldn't get a reservation for in my case) El Convento, this can work out well. Just make sure you get a good deal, try and get a room with a balcony and be ready to get acceptable but not really good customer service. By the way - the Caribe Hilton, where I almost stayed, isn't within walking distance to anything and is undergoing major renovations. Be warned. One other thing - go to Pinones for sunset. It's really hard to get a cab back...but it's spectacular with a full view of the city and not at all touristy.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stacy_s
<Content>Wyndham Old San Juan Dec 28-31, 2003 Stayed at the Wyndham Old San Juan Dec 28-31, 2003 - post cruise. I paid $120 through Priceline and met other guests who paid over $250 for a similar room. The hotel is in a great location - walking distance to the forts, shopping areas and ferry to the Bacardi factory. Its moderately clean and has a small roof top pool and an exercise room. This was my 4th stay in Puerto Rico and I expected sub-standard service that the locals dole out in larger hotels and tourist restaurants. However, I must say this place takes wins the award for rude staff. For those who want to experience the real Puerto Rico and people I recommend renting a car and driving to the small family owned hotels located all over the island.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! We had a great time here! We had to book a room for 2 nights over the phone with the Wyndham OSJ while in an emergency situation. The hotel we had originally booked in OSJ was a bug infested hovel and we needed a nice place to stay ASAP. I called them and they were very accomadating. We walked the 4 blocks from the nightmare hotel, arriving at the Wyndham all tired, hot  sweaty. Check-in was handled very quickly by a friendly clerk. Within minutes we were up in our beautifully decorated cool room. We could not believe the difference between the Wyndham OSJ and the hovel we had just left. We even had a beautiful view of the harbor without paying extra for it. The price difference between the two hotels was only $4 a night! Unbelievable. Needless to say, we had a very nice pre-cruise stay here, and would stay here again in a heartbeat. Live music nightly out front at their patio cafe/bar. We did not eat in the hotel, wanting to sample the local resturants we had been hearing about. The casino seemed to be full of locals, but had no problems with them. We walked outside the hotel at night and did not have any problems. Saved most of our explorations of the area for daytime shopping hours. We did not try out the pool on the roof, nor the spa  gym. Had no interest in these items this trip. Harbor is across the street, Carnival ships dock just down the street from the hotel and the Love Boat docks right across the street. But you will need to take a taxi to get to the Pam American dock for RCCL ships, too far to walk. Taxi's are very easy to get and rates/prices are set.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine for One Night Stay Stayed for one night one our way to the USVI. We paid $85 via Priceline. No mention of Priceline at check-in. Room was clean and nice sized. Carpets are a little worn. Thew bathroom was ample with nice soaps and such. No balcony and no view. As we arrived late and left before sunrise that was a non-issue. $25 taxi from airport sucked up some of our Priceline savings. Great location for a pre cruise overnight.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a good deal The Wyndham Old San Juan provided a pleasant room at a great price. It's location gave us an excellent spot to explore Old San Juan from. The only disappointment was a very small pool with no beverage service available poolside. The staff was friendly and efficient in every respect.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>May 2003 Trip   showReview(1227962, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Restaurantfan
<Content>Wyndham Old San Juan a total disappointment   showReview(1149462, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>20schick
<Content>Just a place to sleep   showReview(1141336, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Nice Hotel   showReview(1137492, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smart but shambolic   showReview(994914, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You gotta Get There!   showReview(921221, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hooheeyi
<Content>Decent Hotel in Old San Juan   showReview(850775, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful view and hotel   showReview(835527, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read this before staying here..beware   showReview(835165, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Before Checking in at your hotel...read this   showReview(368610, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel de passage   showReview(20554521, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(18532900, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>solnubla
<Content>El peor Sheraton de mi vida   showReview(6615417, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屻仺銇︺倐鑹亸銆侀儴...   showReview(19928068, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

