<Author>Cervantez
<Content>Best View in the City I鈥檇 like to think of myself as a pretty romantic guy, my girl and I have a great relationship and we tend to get out a lot. So when something special happens, that鈥檚 usually cause for a little day trip.Recently, my girl got a new job that she was long over due for, she had been under a lot of stress about it but the deal was finally sealed. We still had to play it smart with our money until her new job started, so an in-town vacation was in order.I surprised her by taking her to one of the nicer hotels in one the nicer hotel chains in town鈥he Hyatt Regency. A beautiful hotel to say the least! Located in awesome downtown Phoenix, the Hyatt Regency might have the perfect location in the area. If you鈥檙e staying there, you鈥檒l have access to the local mall whose restaurants stay open late, some really trendy night spots and the theater. You can鈥檛 beat the location, but personally, I was more impressed with the inside.Check-in was swift and friendly, the only drawback was that I picked a busy night in downtown. The ballet was in town that night and we had no choice but to use the valet parking. A whopping $27.00 charged to the room for valet service! Pretty outrageous, but it made me look like a big shot in front of my girl, so鈥?br/>The elevator to take you to the rooms is glass, and it鈥檚 quite a rush to shoot up to your floor while looking out. Two adults riding the elevator dressed in full evening wear at 2AM was quite a sight for the staff at the Hyatt who assured us, 鈥淓veryone does it, don鈥檛 be shy.鈥?Ride the glass elevator to the top and be treated to the best view in the city from the Compass Restaurant. This is a beautiful revolving restaurant at the very top of the hotel. You can literally see the entire city from there. We didn鈥檛 dine there this time since the Hyatt is quite鈥ow do I say this鈥ROUD, of this restaurant! I believe the lowest priced entr茅e on the menu was about $20.00! That鈥檚 was little out of our price range that night, but definitely next time. Fortunately for us, the maitre鈥檇 was cool enough to let us just take a stroll around the restaurant and have a look at the view for a few minutes鈥otally worth it!The rooms are awesome! The Hyatt had the highest ceiling of any hotel I鈥檝e stayed in. The room was spacious with the floor space of a suite. The bathroom was kind of small, or maybe it just seemed small because the rest was so big. It was also the first hotel I鈥檝e stayed in where the bathroom had toothpaste too, amazing how little things start to count. The bed was huge and covered with comfy pillows. The room itself was a very romantic way to spend the evening we both slept like angels, all the way to check out time. The hotel itself is large enough to take a romantic stroll late at night while admiring the artwork strung through the lobby and downstairs area. We couldn鈥檛 ask for a better night, we both felt refreshed and totally at peace. Amazing how the right ambience can change your perspective on life. The Hyatt Regency will certainly surround you and the one you love with a new enjoyment of life.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nickinichols
<Content>Good location and Comfortable I stayed at the Hyatt Regency from Wednesday 11/5 - Monday 11/10 to attend a conference at the convention center.The bed in the room was really comfortable. The layout of the room was not bad, as stated in previous reviews. I did have to work in the room 2 days and the desk, lighting, etc. were not bad. The air conditioning was not really controllable and seemed to be stuck on a constant 73 to 71, however there was a fan adjustment and as long as the unit was set on high the room seemed to be cooler than stated. The high cost of internet was a little extreme as I needed it everyday and buying a 5 day package was about the same as purchasing it every day. I ordered room service at least once daily and found the room service menu to be lacking in a big way with the amount of selection they offered. I did venture out for dinner one night and was followed by the bums (or street people), all the way there and back.... enough to keep me eating in the room nightly. The bums, or veterans as I was told, were quite mean and agressive and not your typical type of bums or street people. The room service people were great though and the bed and room were comfortable. Also, it is directly across the street from the convention center and that was a huge bonus with my days beginning at 6am.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Dax892
<Content>Clean and Comfortable Perfectly comfortable room, with fabulous beds. Good water pressure in the shower, and a great view. We were excited to use the hot tub but there was a group of people smoking and drinking a few feet away, so we couldn't enjoy it. Reasonably quiet, though we could hear doors slamming and people talking in the hall. Parking was the biggest problem - we didn't mind paying for it, but the Hyatt's garage was full, so we had to drive around and find parking elsewhere, then drag our luggage.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>TravelingChumley
<Content>good solid hotel bid Priceline $39 per night plus fees. Read that there is a $16 charge for parking, parked about six blocks away near a ASU offsite building. Meters work 9am to 5pm, other times appear free. Checkin was easy, up to the room, seem to be remodeled in the last ten years. Nothing special, but nothing bad either. The pool and fitness center were next to each other. Fitness center had newer machines with video, free weights are nil except for some dumb bells. Water cooler, towels and headsets are provided, 24 hour access. I asked the desk person if there was a drugstore within walking distance, he replied no, but a Circle K was within a 10 minute walk. I would not walk in the dark for 10 minutes near downtown, I would suggest the same to you. The bagel store in the lobby was open and overpriced, but convenient. I scored another parking space on the street the next evening, three block walk. The hotel was busy with a convention going on. Bar and restaurant in the lobby and also across the street. There was a breakfast place, First Watch, about one block away towards First Street. I had a good stay.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingTucsonans
<Content>Just Okay Stayed here for business for one week. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The only element of the room that was less then desirable was the manner in which the furniture was arranged. The desk faces was in an awkward postion and had poor lighting. There is also not a place to eat in the room other than the desk and if you are staying for business and needing to work and eat, this makes it difficult.Since my stay was in the summer, many of the hotel restaurants were closed. This made it difficult to get something to eat after work, unless you are willing to walk arounf downtown Phoenix at night. The roomservice was mediocre and per usual very exspensive.Overall, not a horrible experience but not the best. It was a wonderful hotel to work in due to it being extremely quiet/  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	-1	3	3	

<Author>Persnickety-traveler
<Content>Average Experience Room was very clean and comfortable but the carpet appeared worn and dated. It costs $20 to just walk into the Business Center . . . that was a first. Good conference arrangements, employees very nice. A good deal of outside noise - typical of being located downtown.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>karla014
<Content>Dissapointed We went to Phoenix to attend to a concert, and we looked all around to book a hotel, when we finally decided to stay there, we were expecting a Hyatt and nothing less. The lobby is ok, but the rooms are totally outdated, this hotel is crying for a renovation!!!This days most hotels have plasma tv's; this one doesn't. The carpet looks old and the bathrooms are totally 80's if not 70's. Besides that, the people in the front desk were rude and also the bell boy. In a moment we felt like they were being rude on purpose, as if it was a practical joke or something; but it wasn't. We didn't feel welcomed and well treated as in other hyatts. Maybe the old atmosphere doesn't make the people that work there feel happy and they treat the guest as mediocre as the hotel is.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Sliphorn
<Content>Great underated Hyatt I don't know why others had given bad reviews of this hotel, or AAA's 3 diamond rating-it is one of the best Hyatts I have stayed in. It is well-maintained and clean and is the closest to the convention center. The sportsbar, Networks, has good food, atmosphere, and beer selection. We used our Hyatt Gold Passport points for the 3-day stay and they upgraded us up to a suite in the corner of the hotel on a high floor. Maids were thorough and cleaned the rooms well. There is an Einstein Brothers Bagel Cafe that stays open until 8:00 PM and has a good selection of bagels, salads, and great coffee. We were well-treated while there and no one tried to steer us to a private car company.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bramalei
<Content>a few tips Stayed here for four nights on a business trip -- the hotel is perfectly reasonable and clean. Having stayed here as long as I have, I have a few tips --1) Don't pay $12.29/day for internet - there's free internet in the convention center across the street, as well as at many of the area's restaurants.2) Don't pay $5.29 for the in-room bottle of Aquafina -- there's a 5-gallon jug of Arrowhead spring water in the hotel's Exercise room, which is open 24 hours a day.3) Don't use the hotel's Printme.com service - which costs $1/page after the first two pages (which are free). Instead, email your printing requests to the UPS Store downstairs, which prints for $0.10/page.4) If you get coffee at Einstein's Coffee (in the lobby), save your coffee cup -- you can use it for the duration of your stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>amarie2
<Content>Not impressed I rated the hotel a three because of the difficulty in access and the disturbing amount of lint on the ceiling... all this considering the price, as well as the availability of local dining. I visited this hotel being entirely unfamiliar with the Phoenix area. Since I arrived after dark, I only circled once to find parking, when there was none, I used the valet to simplify my life a bit ($23 overnight). The following day, I parked my car in the only lot that seemed to allow Hyatt guests, and I was charged a $10 flat rate each time I would come and go. This lot does not charge by the amount of time you stay. During my 3 day visit, I've spent nearly $100 in parking fees (the lot where I am working also charges, however not as much). Granted, many business travelers will be refunded this expense from their companies, but for those traveling for pleasure, realize and budget this extra expense. The nearby resturaunts are very decent. I was most pleased by the bar and grill located off the lobby of the hotel: Networks Bar and Grill. The Networks salad is great. The other resturaunts in the hotel seemed too formal and I never visited either of them. The room was overall very well cleaned, however it wasn't until the very last night of my visit that I noticed quite a large amount of lint that had accumulated on the ceiling (from the a/c which maybe needed a new filter). It didn't look like it had been cleaned in quite a while. The bed was very firm, and while some prefer this, I don't. I had trouble getting to sleep. The room was, however, VERY quiet.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>JayJayBee
<Content>Good deal through Hotwire       TV/storage area  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>H82BSLO
<Content>Elegant hotel - great location! I enjoyed this hotel very much. The hotel employees were very friendly and helpful. It is located in downtown Phoenix within walking distance of restaurants and bars. The convention center is directly across the street. It is very clean and elegant. This is not your run-of-the-mill hotel. It is old-style with marble and soaring open spaces. The statuary and art is modern American-Western. There are doormen and bellhops. The revolving restaurant on the 24th floor reveals a panoramic view of the downtown Phoenix area, which is especially lovely at night. Do skip the valet parking for $23. You can park yourself for $10, and the parking garage is 1/2 block from the front door. I would gladly stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wantingbetterservice
<Content>What a regal hotel The Hyatt Regency is a traditional service hotel - fully staffed and fully professional.This is a great hotel for business travel. The hotel's Internet is top-notch, providing high-speed, low latency connection. The rooms are quiet, and what you'd expect from a full-service hotel.Having a bar and grill in the lobby is nice, although they closed earlier than I thought a bar would, and I had to order my food to take to the room because it was close to closing.The hotel, although downtown, had nice access to parking nearby.* cleanliness above average* beds average* staff average (would give higher marks if I could have eaten in the grill)* Internet above average (6Mbps down, 50ms latency to yahoo.com)* air conditioning above average (didn't notice 110+ degrees)* price average * location above average (easily accessed from airport)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>sketchy321
<Content>A very nice hotel       inside the room  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Katsandcards_8
<Content>Nice Downtown Hyatt!! My wife 2 kids and I spent the July 4th weekend in Phoenix. The Hyatt is downtown - right in the middle of the city. Very short walk to see a Diamondbacks or Suns game, shops/restaurants are nearby. Pool and gym are sort of small, but both were well maintained and clean. There is a sports bar in the hotel that offers good happy hour specials and late night meals. Also a Einstein Bros just off the lobby. Hotel staff was very courteous. The only negative over 4 days - we had to ask the maid to clean out our tub better since it had a dirt ring when we arrived. It was cleaned while we went to dinner and the mgr gave us 2 breakfast coupons. Otherwise no problems. We had a great stay and would go back to this Hyatt again.PS - If you're looking for activities, we did a Diamondbacks game, WaterWorld water park, and the Ponderosa Stables dinner sunset ride. We also did fireworks at Tempe Towne Lake. All were awesome!!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cinderella4jc
<Content>Elegant Hotel       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BayeriaMN
<Content>Beware the car service scam Just returned from a conference hosted at this hotel. I stayed at another hotel nearby, but most of my party was at the Hyatt. The hotel was nice enough, but beware of their car service scam. We had a party of 12 going out for dinner and asked the bellhop to call a cab for us. Instead, he pulled over several cars from a car service. In the midst of trying to get everyone in a car, I neglected to ask what their rates were, assuming that it would be metered service. We got to our destination, and lo and behold it was $25 per car for a 5 mile trip ($45 for the SUV)! (The return trip by taxi was only $12). When we got back to the hotel and complained, the desk refused to acknowledge that it was a problem, although they did grudgingly comp some items to folks' bills. The next night another attendee was ill and asked them to call a cab to take him to a drugstore to pick up a prescription -- the desk again offered him car service instead, and flatly refused to call an actual taxi for him. He ended up having to go inside, get a phone book, and call a cab on his cell phone.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pdquick
<Content>Beware the car service scam I'm staying here for a conference. Tonight, a group of 13 of us got together for dinner at a local restaurant. We asked the bellman for cabs. Limousines arrived. Some in our party specifically asked why we had limousines instead of cabs. The bellman told us these were cabs. A couple of us who had been out around the town already remarked that we had not seen cabs in the city, and we thought maybe this was another of the weird surreal things about this very weird surreal city. In hindsight, we should have been more wary. We were being screwed. Of course these weren't cabs. There was no meter, just an announcement of a charge at the end of the trip. The limos cost a total of $95 plus tips to take us about 5 miles. At the end of our meal, we asked for cabs, and got...cabs! Total fare: $39 plus tips. We confronted the bellman, who first said we had asked for limos. We were clear that we had not. Then he said he was using our regular car service, but said that we had been overcharged. We protested that the problem wasn't just that we had been overcharged, but that in fact we had gotten what we did not ask for and that we were not dealt with honestly. He told us we were free to talk to the manager. We did so. The manager apologized, but when I asked him directly what the hotel's policy was on calling limos when guests asked for cabs, he denied that this was their practice. However, in discussing the issue with other conference attendees, it seems that consistently guests who ask for cabs are being ushered into limos, and then stuck with bills at the end of the trip. I have seen the limo/cab scam elsewhere. it's not unique to this hotel. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a kickback involved. But guests have a right to be treated fairly, not be hustled into scams, and to be able to trust our hosts. The Phoenix Hyatt failed on all counts. I won't be coming back. If you must stay here and need a cab rather than a limo, be sure to be explicit with the bellman, and don't get into a car without a meter unless you negotiate on price up front. Know also that cab fares are relatively low, so you should probably expect to pay less than you might think.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>MHS8874
<Content>Not one of the best Hyatts The hotel is aging, but somewhat gracefully. The biggest issue is the lighting in the bathroom. The small. inadequate fixtures provide about as much light at the mirror as a single candle. Shaving was by feel, not by sight. There rest of the room was fine.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>R_Bear
<Content>What a disappointment! I stayed at the Hyatt at the end of March and suppose I should start with the good. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the rooms were clean.The bad should start at the beginning.Don't help yourself to the bottled water that's on the desk when you walk into your room. It is $5.25 a bottle. Instead, go back down to the ground floor and get it at Einstein's Cafe for $3.00.Don't count on getting any really hot water out of the tap. No matter what time of day or night I tried, the best the 16th floor would produce was lukewarm - too cool for comfortable shaving. It did make adjusting the shower easy, though; I just turned it on to maximum hot and it was barely warm enough.In-room coffee pots are standard in most hotels, but the Hyatt cheaps out with the little 1-cup-at-a-time jobbies that use the innstant coffee packs. Yuck!Bring your own headlamp if you intend to read. The lighting in the rooms is little better than a candle in a cave.If you are a government traveler, forget about your beancounter's insistence that you use the tax-free number for your agency - the desk will not recognize any but Arizona state agency tax-exempt status.Forget about a courtesy shuttle from and to the airport - it is far less expensive to use a regular taxi.The bathroom fans must hold the record for noisiness! Go ahead and sing while showering - nobody will hear you over the fan's noise.In-room internet access in sincredibly expensive at $10.95 a day.I could go on, but this should suffice to persuade you that any of the other nearby hotels are a better choice.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dadecat
<Content>Great Downtown Location Attended a business meeting in downtown Phoenix and stayed at Hyatt. Great location; easy walking distance to many attractions in downtown Phoenix. Short shuttle ride from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. Had a room on the 21st floor with great view of the city. Beds were heavenly and covered with light down comforter. The only negative is you have to pay $12.95 for a day for internet access. Would have thought this would be complimentary.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>ranns826
<Content>Nice hotel...close to sporting events...but not much else My cousin and I planned a spring '07 girls vacation to the Phoenix area. We got a great combo package that included staying here at the Hyatt. The hotel was nice and clean, friendly staff, and had a small but nice pool. The rooms were smaller and darker than we'd imagined, but not bad. Parking was a problem - they have a garage but you have to walk a bit. You might want to call ahead to make sure parking is available, as we had to deal with construction and finding OUR OWN PARKING for half of our stay. There is a cute/quaint outdoor shopping complex within walking distance - starbucks, pizza, subway, cute shops and a couple restaurants. We also walked to an Aveda Salon where we had a great time getting facials and manicures/pedicures. The girls there were very nice and personable. If you are coming to Phoenix for a professional sporting event, you can walk from the Hyatt. However, there's not much else around the hotel. We were disappointed to not be able to walk to restaurants or bars, or really even drive a short distance to any. If you are looking for more attractions - shopping, dining, nightlife, I'd recommend staying further out a bit. The weather was perfect the entire week. Scottsdale is a short drive away, and has several different style shopping/artsy areas with plenty of restaurants and entertainment. Sedona is a two hour drive but absolutely worth the trip! Another unique trait of downtown Phoenix was the helpful people who's job is to actually walk around the city looking to help people find their way! That was a welcome treat! Overall, our trip was very nice, and for the price (about $650 for air/hotel/rental car for a week pp), I would stay at the Hyatt again, and just have to drive a bit to find things to do.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Royzee
<Content>Great Location - Safe downtown Area - Coffee Hi-jinx Stayed here for two nights for a conference. It is located within a short walk to the USAirways Center ( Phoenix Suns basketball) and Chase Field ( Arizona Diamondbacks baseball) also near some of the Civic Center/auditoriums for concerts. Many good restautrants of all types within 2-3 blocks. When you go out in the day or night, you'll notice MANY City emplyees who are there to give directions and provide a feeling of safety. They, like the hotel staff, are also very friendly - a good experience, especially for the heart of a city. There is valet parking at the hotel ($16). I self-parked at a Visitor Center garage next door - $10/day with no in  out privileges. The hotel will validate for in  out privileges but that's another $6. Relatively small - but new and clean gym with fee weights and cross-trainers, treadmills and bikes - personal TV's and headphones. Conference rooms were spacious, well-lit, good sound. Function food was average.The funny thing was that I could not get a decent cup of coffee at this hotel. The housekeeping staff kept stocking me up with de-caf only; the function coffee just wasn't very good. And the Einstein's Bagels in the hotel had Vanilla Hazelnut in the dispenser labeled French Roast. There is a Starbucks in the Civic Center across the street and I'm sure there are some good coffee places nearby. The rooms were very clean and mine was quite large; and the Beds were A-plus comfy. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>dredlockesq
<Content>Very Nice Hotel The Hyatt is a very nice hotel and I would recommend it to anyone going to Phoenix. It is located right in the heart of downtown and is within walking distance to both the Diamondbacks and Suns stadiums. The thing that impressed me the most was how friendly the staff was. The concierge was amazing, helping us with everything from getting a rental car to giving us excellent entertainment recommendations. The area around the hotel is safe and quiet. And the rooms were exquisite. Definately a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NewYorkCityGriff
<Content>No thanks Stayed here for 4 nights, 3 of which were on points, and if this is how Hyatt rewards its frequent customers, the corporation is in trouble. My room was a cave, looking out at a large gray concrete wall. Very small. Hotel has a card on the desk stating they are environmentally friendly and if you want your towels and linens changed, to call the hotel operator. I did so immediately, and was transferred from one person to another and finally to the front desk, who noted my request. My linens were never changed during my stay. Room service breakfast trays were still on the floor in the hallway when I returned to my room in the evening. I was there for a meeting, so the location was convenient, but there is really nothing around for dining out without having a car. A really disappointing Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>GFKelly
<Content>Nice place; great weekend rate We got a real cheap rate, as we were going to Arizona in August. We were in town to see the Diamondbacks, and the ballpark is in reasonable walking distance, even in the (dry) heat. The arena is also nearby.The front desk was real helpful, and the doormen were helpful.There is nothing as far as food after midnight at the hotel or anywhere close to the hotel, whcih can be a bummer. The pool was nice, though it is not for swimming.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AZ88
<Content>One of the nicer Hyatt hotels This is one of the nicer Hyatt hotels. Some of them are not so great, but this one was top notch. Check-in and checkout process was fast and with no wait, as there were four or five clerks at the desk.The room furnishings were an updated Southwest theme. Bed was comfortable. Closet space was adequate. The bathroom fixtures were newer and had upgraded Portico amenities.Room service was very prompt and food arrived HOT, although somewhat more expensive than room service at other hotels. The valet parking ( $19/night) attendant was always right there whether I was picking up my during the day car or returning it at 1 am. Food and drinks at Networks Grill were terrific. There was even an outdoor patio area with misting system and televisions. It was comfortable even in the 108 degree temp. Smoking is permitted only outside here.I do not have anything negative to say about this Hyatt, except that this would not be a good hotel for families with children.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lat13
<Content>standard average One of the cheapest Hyatts around but still delivers the standard-average dose of cookie-cutter, chain appointments and service. The only thing really distinctive about the property is the revolving restaurant, which though pricey for Phoenix does offer nice views of the sprawling accidental metropolis. The main annoyances were the nit-picky charges for valet parking and internet access, $19 and $12 respectively, and the disingenous notes posted in the room about various exorbitant convenience charges and the chain's purported concern for the environment as a motivation for not washing towels and bedding. Note: Navigating Downtown Phoenix is challenging currently due to ubiquitous construction for the new light-rail lines.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>4ofakindLasVegas
<Content>Medicore Hyatt Regency This is the worst Hyatt Regency I have ever stayed at. The hotel rooms do not have the new Hyatt Beds and Egyptian towels. Our room looked like a throw back from the 80's. Bathroom was very small. Hotel needs renovation to get back to Regency standards.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baileybasset
<Content>Great Stay We stayed for 2 nights June 8th and 9th. When we arrived about noon, we were able to immediately check in and our requests for high floor and connecting rooms were honored. The desk clerk and the valets were very nice and efficient. Parking was $15/day for self park or $19/day for valet. We chose valet since the garage was across the street and the hotel was sold out due to the many Keith Urban concert goers and Boston Red Sox fans (us included) visiting for the weekend series.Beds were very comfortable, the air conditioning worked well and the plumbing was quiet. Bathroom was small, but the shower was good. Coffeemaker was in the bathroom and made one cup at a time directly into a paper cup. Maid service was early and performed adequately. It was very quiet at night on our floor.We did not eat in the hotel, but we stopped at Networks Bar  Grill on the hotel property. Drinks there were on the expensive side and the staff did not look happy. There is a Hard Rock cafe down the street about 2 blocks. The pool area looked nice from the window, but we did not view it close up.We would highly recommed this hotel for anyone attending games at Chase Field or shows at the US Airways Center, as they are only a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>sunlvr2288
<Content>Nice place with a staff that could use some training I was there with my partner for a covention. The rooms were simple and not something I expected from a Hyatt. The staff were not friendly and made a lot of mistakes.At the end of our stay, we had to deal with a check out staff that pretended she knew everything and refused to help. We had to demand to see a manager.The manager came out and help with the situation and solved all the issues. It seems like the staff need to go through customer service and operations training.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>easterbread
<Content>Nice and comfy We lucked out with Priceline and got this hotel for about half the cheapest Hyatt website price. Asked for a nonsmoking king on upper floor and got it! First room had so much air freshener sprayed in it that we couldn't handle it. Didn't even unpack. When I called the front desk, they were great and offerred to send a bellman up with the key to another room one floor higher which she thought might not be as perfumey. The second room was great. No perfumey deodorizer, just clean. They need to tell the maids to take it easy with that stuff. Some of us are allergic and those windows do not open! Anyway, after that we loved the room. Every time I called for something they were super nice and always asked what else we needed. Nice! We used the pool area and at first it was nice and quiet until two couples showed up with two 18packs of canned beer and I thought to myself, surely the Hyatt is not going to allow this. But, apparently they did. Kind of tacky letting people bring in giant cases of own beer into the pool area. Reminded me of a frat party or something. Just not what you would expect. Parking is expensive for Phoenix, $15.00 for 24 hours, but since it was the weekend, we lucked out and managed to find parking meters which are free weekends and didn't have to pay. Honestly, though, even if I had payed the Hyatt website price for this hotel, I would not have been dissapointed with the room. I just wish they could monitor the pool a little more. Those people were a little obnoxious. The front desk clerks deserve high praise for being very nice and very helpful... Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lepin
<Content>Quiet Area This is my second stay at this Hyatt. It is located downtown, which is pretty dead, especially on weekends. BUT it is located within walking distance to Chase Field and US Airways Arena so it is the perfect location for attending sporting events. Parking is expensive, but free on the street after 5PM and on weekends. Summer rates can be very cheap. The revolving restaurant was closed (renovation?) while I was there. There are some eating places in the area. The only one that is really notable is Pizza Bianco which has a reputation and a long line to go with it. Most of the others are sports bars/grills/Mexican, etc. The room was fine and about what you would expect from Hyatt.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>hacmco
<Content>Great service and location Stayed here only one night at the start of a vacation through the Southwest. The service was impecable and the hotel was in very good condition. Very good food and the location was great for access from Phoenix airport and departure to major highways.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TO29
<Content>Boring!!!!! Stayed here two nights with little to no problems. The Rooms are not huge but average with nice views of downtown Phoenix with very comfortable beds but a very small and dated bathroom. It has a very central location and would be good for business travelers, but Phoenix literally has nothing to do for teens. The Pool is horrible and the workout room is tiny. This hotel is only goof for business.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>Trustingtraveler
<Content>Due for a renovation Stayed in this hotel for its location and had expected more than a tired hotel from this brand, which claims 4 stars. Most other Tripadvisors agree that the shine has gone from this city center hotel. We had dinner in the unrotating roof top restaurant, great service and good quality overpriced meal.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>HighFlyerNJ
<Content>Ok Stay Had to attend a conference in Phoenix and stayed at the Hyatt Regency Hotel. It was conveniently across the street from the convention center. Normally, the Hyatt concierge will assist convention exhibiters by carrying over stuff for the booths. However, the convention hall union was fighting with the Hyatt and would not allow them to help us, the concierge did allow us to use their hand truck to wheel our stuff over. The area round the hotel was ok, I didn鈥檛 find to do in the immediate vicinity, but the Phoenix suns stadium and Diamondbacks stadium were within walking and short taxi ride distance. The hotel lobby was clean, and the carpets in the hallways were mostly clean and free of stains. The room was good, carpet was neat, bathroom was clean and room service showed up everyday.We really wanted to see the desert before we left. The concierge gave us a map with the closest parks. The one we traveled to was at the end of Central (I can鈥檛 remember the name.) It took about 20 minutes to get there and the views were amazing!! We spent 3 hours traveling around the park, I would definitely recommend taking a trip.The hotel was good and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Pyronym
<Content>Nickel and dime experience I stayed for 4 nights - the staff was helpful; but, not accurate.The pool was dirty, the room AC was not working and the extras you get charged for made this a nickel and dime stay. Extras like Internet service and more than 1 cup of coffee in your room aregratuitous in every other establishment I have stayed in excepting here. Ideally located to the seminar is not worth the lack ofniceties. I have had far better stays in far less expensive hotels.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>moyockmover
<Content>Nonrefundable deposit - beware I booked a room online in January for a July stay. I wanted to cancel 3 months prior to July, but Hyatt charges $50 to cancel. They would not even let me transfer my payment to another Hyatt. No other hotel I deal with (major or minor) has this policy. Most hotels will allow cancellation outside 72 hours.Beware of this before you book online.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funsandiego
<Content>Good location Typical Hyatt located in downtown Phoenix with great access to museums and cultural events. Towering, open lobby. Staff is very nice and accommodating. Rooms really need updating - popcorn ceilings, 1970's decor; very hard mattresses. Although it caters to conventions, it is a relatively quite hotel. Aside from the outdated decor, the other major drawback are the restaurants. There is only one main restaurant - the Compass - but it is very hard to get a reservation as it is always full. The Bar and Grill is also always full and the other restaurant (The Terrace Cafe) is only open for breakfast and lunch. There is an Einstein Bagels in the main lobby, but all the times we've stayed at the Hyatt we have had to either order room service or go next door to the Westin because the two restaurants in the Hyatt were full.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>catham
<Content>Unfortunate Changes We live in the Phoenix area and planned to eat at the Hyatt before hearing the Phoenix Symphony across the street. We've done that for years. As we entered the lobby, I was surprised at how dingy the carpet and uhpholstery had become. We took the elevator to the Compass Room, a revolving restaurant on the top floor. When I said, We'd just like to head for the bar, the host said tersely, We don't have a bar. We have a cocktail lounge with sitdown service and a $15 minimum. Okay, there's a view and sometimes you have to pay for a view. The bar was nearly deserted. We had our wine and moved on. There was something ungracious and unsavory about the whole experience. Our plan was to move down to the Hyatt's Terrace Cafe for a light supper. On a Saturday night it was closed--already set up for breakfast. Next, we tried the sports bar off the lobby. But we were headed for the symphony and the cigarette smoke and big screens just didn't work. Three strikes and we were out of there. We won't be back.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cburley
<Content>Long stay, nice property, a few problems I was booked at the Hyatt Phoenix for a seven night stay by corporate travel. I was in the area for business meetings and a trade conference.The property is convenient to major highways and Sky Harbor Airport but is in a downtown area that has very little to offer. The entire area is quiet. Few people are seen on the street, except the occasional homeless person who approaches travelers for a dollar. Hotel security works to keep them away from the property, with mixed results.Please do not plan to do much downtown. If a sports team is not playing, you will be leaving downtown to do anything. A light rail system is being installed. Perhaps this will increase local visits and downtown activities. The entire area is in serious need of shopping, eateries and activities.The property exterior and lobby areas are clean and functional with most business related needs easily met. It features a UPS Store in the lobby with rapid access to shipping, fax and mailing services. A small gift shop with essential toiletries and an Einstein Bagels are also in the lobby.Check-in at the Hyatt was flawless. The staff was polite and helpful, even though I had a complicated payment system that affected not only me, but fifteen other people from my company who were arriving later than I. As previously noted in another review, upstairs hallways leading to guest rooms are in need of additional lighting. It was a dark area to navigate from the time one left the elevators.I was sold a king room and requested an upgrade to a King Business Room due to my length of stay. This was denied due to high hotel occupancy.The room was spotless, fairly spacious and was maintained extremely well. The bed was comfortable and the bedding was obviously new. The bathroom is small and did not fetaure drawers for storage of essentials. This is an issue when one's stay is long. Plenty of towels and tolietries were available and refreshed daily and on request.Many reviewers have commented on room temperature and this is indeed a serious issue for this property. There is no doubt; the system is regulated by a house-wide computer system that regulates guest input into temperature control. The standard temperature is 73 - 74 degrees. Guests can turn the system down and the temperature drops. But in 15 minutes it automatically reverts back to the higher temperature. This is simply unacceptable in a property like this. While working one entire day in the room I had to constantly visit the electronic thermostat to make adjustments. The alternative is to leave the drapes completely closed all of the time. This is also unacceptable. I realize that hotels must control costs, but in the middle of the desert, Hyatt administartors must find a way other than room temeprature.I needed a light bulb replaced on day four of my stay. I phoned maintenance and a service technician was in the room within five minutes. While there we discussed the temperature issue. He indicated that there must be problem with the system since I should be able to make any adjustment and have it stay there. I didn't believe it then and I don't believe it now. Too many reviewers have had the same problem. He indicated he would check on it and get back to me. I'm still waiting.Food at the property was up to Hyatt standards and service was prompt and polite. The prices were typical yet pricey. The value for the food was lower than I would like. Room service was excellent, breakfast served at the requested time and late night snacks arriving in a flash and were presented very well.This is a nice property with just a few sticky issues. Its proximity to the Convention Center makes it the preferred property for those attending trade shows. Its proximity to sports facilities would make it convenient for travelers as well. A correction of the items I mentioned and a general upturn in available activities and dining downtown would help significantly. If business required me to be in downtown Phoenix again I would choose the Hyatt over surrounding properties.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>Not a great place The Hyatt Regency Phoenix is in major need of some help. I was able to stay on a high floor and the beds on the high floors are new. The room was very hot.... I had the AC as low as possible and I never opened my curtains, but it did not help cool the room. I tried to switch rooms several times, but the other options were worse. Most of the floors have HORRIBLE old beds. I was shocked at the condition of the rooms I viewed. The staff was unfriendly and on the edge of being rude. They seemed bothered when I approached them for help. On a positive note the room did seem clean.... beyond the old carpet. I would try my luck with another hotel before staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>GetFletch
<Content>Yuck......don't do it You think Hyatt you think quality......not this time. The pool was so filthy that even the Mgr Sasha apologized for it. We were in Phoenix AZ durring August on a long weekend and were unable to use the pool because of its condition. Now thats bad....but not as bad as when we tried to sleep that night in our bed. Hard as a hardwood floor but even that wasn't as bad as the sheets...something out of a no-name Motel....they scratched you like they were made of sand paper. We spoke to the Mgr about all of this and to his credit he apologized and said the monies were not allowed at this time to up-grade the property....which really had NOT been looked after at all. We were supposed to stay thru Sun nite after arriving Thurs afternoon....we left Friday morning as fast as we could.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TS20Travel
<Content>Great Service, Great Location Was looking for a weekend getaway when we stumbled upon the Hyatt. They have a great package available in conjunction with the Diamondbacks. Staff was quick and friendly and property location was great. Room was clean and the food, it was great! Just a couple blocks from Chase Field. Downtown Phoenix has come a long way and is really cleaned up from previous visits. My family and I would not hesitate to stay there again, in fact we already have reservations to do so!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Stay Of 2006 - Bummer The people that work here are so nice...it's a shame that nothing else seems to work. I was put in a room that had no hot water, so then i switched to another room...upon returning home to that room later, the AC did not go below 73 degrees and my room had not been made up. So...they moved me to another room. At this point, i could live with the luke warm shower and another day when the building's AC went down (it's over 110 degrees in phoenix right now). Internet cut out for a few hours too. I paid $7 to pick up a package that was delivered to me (handling fee). Everything here is really nice to look at, it's just a huge bummer that i was thwarted at every turn. Very frustrating hotel to be stuck in for a week.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>norscio
<Content>Great Stay I received a great deal for a Friday night on Priceline. They fulfilled my room preferences. They brought up a toothbrush quickly upon my request. Everything was perfect. Unless you grew up on Sunnybrook Farm, the area is fine. Parking was $14 with in-and-out, but with the deal I received, I couldn't object. Convenient to the airport, sports venues and interstates. Highly recommend. Also, someone complained about the TV angle. The armoire doors retract and the TV stand swivels. No problem.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rick767
<Content>Nice hotel in ghost town Stayed here on a weekend on vacation. Wanted to see Phoenix. This location is a ghost town on weekends. And most of the surrounding area is under road construction. The drive up service was good. The check in went smoothly. The room was average and comfortable. I did find it strange that there was no dresser for clothing. The view from the upper floors was interesting. Everything in the room was functional. We did ask for extra towels from the room service and included a $$ tip, but the tip was gone when we returned and no new towels?? There are a few nice places to eat and stroll to nearby. Charging for parking at an expensive hotel is not cool. This should be free to guests.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bobbie007
<Content>Over all good stay I went to Phoenix for a conference in late April/ early May 2006 and stayed at the Hyatt . It鈥檚 very close to the convention center, Arizona Center (go if you get some time, great gardens for photos and shops for souvenirs) and the sports arena (plus a few other things - music hall, theater鈥?). There are also some Ask Me ambassadors (Yellow T Shirts) right near the hotel who can give you directions to and information regarding just about anything. They are a great resource.The hotel staff is very friendly, professional and very helpful. The rooms were clean and I found it comfortable. Overall I felt safe and had a pleasant stay. The neighborhood has some homeless people who may approach you for 鈥渟ome help鈥? There is no nearby Pharmacy (or Supermarket) so the hotel gift shop is your best bet if you do not have access to a car (I was told the nearest Pharmacy is 1.25 miles away). The gift shop has the basics.It did not appear that there was too much to do in this area. It is mostly businesses and was pretty quiet on the weekend that I was there. Near by are a few restaurants. Networks located in the hotel is good for a light dinner or a snack. When I asked the concierge for things to do (on different occasions) I was directed to the surrounding areas 鈥?Tempe, Scottsdale and so forth鈥?br/>The malls that I wanted to visit were in Temepe and Scottsdale (an hour or so by bus according to the hotel) or a 20-30 dollar cab ride. Try to avoid room service for Breakfast. It鈥檚 a bit overpriced. There is another place down the street that serves a nice breakfast at a good price 鈥?can not remember the name but I enjoyed the food.I would pick this hotel again if I have a convention nearby.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Meerkat92101
<Content>Not bad We stayed here for a conference in April 2006. The rooms were nice, the views beautiful, but nothing over the top. The catering of this place was phenomenal - the best I've ever had in a hotel. They also catered an event at the Heard Museum for us which was equally as good.The location of this hotel can't be beat and its definitely a nice property. We like our rooms cold and unfortunately the A/C wouldn't go below 71 degrees - which is great for most people but not thrilling for us. Overall its a good place to say and I would recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, not great What a disappointment that this beautiful hotel is in such a poor part of the city. We were told not to walk outside after dark, that it wasn't safe. Heck I felt uneasy in the daylight. I think the biggest part of this hotel were the people behind the counter at the desk. They were all very young, and obviously in need of some serious customer service training. One evening I asked at the check in desk for some postcards stamps and when I was told they had none, but had regular stamps I said that would be fine. The kid went in the back (was gone quite a long time) and when he came out said We're out of postcard stamps I said, Then I'll take the regular stamps. At this point a girl standing near him jumped in and said You don't understand, we don't have any postcard stamps. I said No you don't understand, I have asked for some postage and obviously you don't wish to sell me any. Never mind, it's not supposed to be this hard.I went to the gift shop at the other end of the lobby (in the same hotel) and asked if they had any stamps and was told that they didn't, but that the UPS store in the next space in the lobby did. SHEESH!I never did figure out what the deal was with the cafe on the second floor, but it was never open while I was there. Once evening on my way back to my room I asked at the desk if it was open and one girl behind the counter said Yes and at the same exact time another said No. I just shook my head and kept on walking.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>IndplsTraveler
<Content>Typical big chain hotel The Hyatt Phoenix is a typical big chain hotel, meaning clean, comfortable, and cold, but a good site for a large meeting (the reason I stayed there). Comfortable beds (which for me means very firm), very nice staff, didn't experience the hallway noise or noise from neighboring rooms others did. Pleasant but very small pool and workout area. Convenient to the convention center, arena, baseball stadium, and symphony hall, but except for those things downtown Phoenix is deadly dull (even compared to Indianapolis) with little in the way of restauarants, retail, or street activity at night or on weekends. Not a bad place to stay, but I would have no reason to stay there unless downtown for a meeting or business downtown.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient location, not good service I stayed for two nights because of a business convention. Rooms were OK, beds were not very comfortable. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, the doors of the TV cabinet don't open all the way, which makes for strange TV viewing. The view from the elevators was beautiful. Pool seemed fine; I didn't have time to try it.Ate at the cafe for breakfast one morning. Fruit was good, and everything had typical high hotel prices. The Networks bar had a very small food menu, but about eight pages of drink options. Service at both restaurants was good.My biggest problem was with the front desk and security. I smelled cigarette smoke one night and called the front desk. They said they'd send up security. Twenty minutes later I called back, and they switched me to security. They told me that they had sent someone up, but didn't smell anything, and they couldn't interrupt the people next door and accuse them of smoking. I explained I had asthma, but all the guard did was apologize, and said he'd go up again. He never followed up though. Fortunately, the smoke diminished in the next ten minutes and with the fan on high, I could sleep. I did speak with the manager the next day, and he said he'd contact me after he followed up. My company paid $180 per night for this. Maybe if I had gotten a Priceline bargain of $35 I'd be happier. Also, they charge $12 per day for wireless access, but don't mention that anywhere until you log on.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>annenorman
<Content>Just Okay/A Place to Sleep We stayed at this Hyatt facility for two nights, namely December 10 and 11, 2005. Overall, we rated this hotel as a decent place to sleep; most guests would not find the facility attractive enough to do anything there except sleep at night and leave.The property is bland. There is nothing visually appealing about this hotel. It has floors, ceilings, walls, lights and a few pieces of bad art. The rooms are ordinary, basic, even simple. The bathrooms are very small. The hallways are dull and lifeless.With one exception, the staff was not stimulating or even modestly attentive. We recall the neutral greeting when we approached the desk Saturday morning to check in. This young woman either was having a bad day or absolutely hated her job. The doormen were okay, mildly pleasant. We did not encounter any of the housekeepers. The most attentive person we encountered after two nights was the man at the desk when we checked out early Monday morning. He was focused, charming and engaging -- a major, and positive, departure from the other persons we met while at this hotel.We relied on the concierge to select a restaurant outside the hotel for dinner one night. He recommmended an Italian restaurant (we have forgotten the name, for reasons detailed below) located about ten minutes away by car. The food was very poor. The service was good. The facility had not been renovated since the 1970's. The recommendation was so poor that it made us wonder about the motivations of this hotel representative to recommend this place -- did he really dislike us that much, or did he have a personal interest in our visit?We had breakfast at the hotel one morning. The food was poor, in taste, quality and presentation. The service was okay. The buffet -- an option we did not select -- looked like the food items had been recycled recently. It was expensive, though.A bar is located in the lobby. It yields lots of cigarette smoke that invades and lingers in other sections of the lobby area.The facility is located in the heart of downtown Phoenix.Overall, this hotel is okay. It is not charming or elegant. It is not staffed by a motivated or engaged team of workers. We rate it merely as a place to bunk for a night or two. In summary, this facility is not at this time well positioned to compete for your discretinary personal or business travel dollars. In our view, this hotel experienced better days years ago. We do not plan to return.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>treborwf
<Content>Funny angled TV My fianc茅e and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency hotel Sept 30-Oct 2. We were able to check-in early, and arrived to a nice clean room. However, the television was in a cabinet at a 90 degree angle to the bed. You could pull the TV out on a sliding shelf  turn it towards the bed, however, it didn鈥檛 pull out far enough so the cabinet obscured about a quarter of the TV. In order to watch the TV properly, you either had to lie on the right hand side of the bed (no good if there are 2 of you) or you would have to sit in the corner chair. Also, the coffee maker was in the bathroom, which I found rather unsanitary and inconvenient. Perhaps worst of all, the room had no internet access. I wanted to check in for my Sunday flight on Saturday evening and inquired at reception about internet access within the hotel. The clerk told me that they had internet access in the UPS Store, but it was closed, and closed on Sunday. I can't believe a hotel the caliber of Hyatt doesn't offer in-room internet access, or at least a business center. I had to ask her where the nearest internet caf茅 was, as she did not offer the information.Perhaps the worst aspect of the Hyatt experience was the Sports Grill/Bar downstairs. We went to get lunch the day we checked in, and it wasn't busy. A server said she would be with us in a minute. She never came back, so after 20 minutes, we left and went across the street. The next evening we went back down to the bar to have a drink. It was very busy and only one server for almost the entire bar. People were getting up and leaving after not being even acknowledged, let alone have their drink orders taken. Finally, when he came up to our table, I asked him what beers he had on draft. Instead of simply answering me, he grabbed the menu, opened it to the page listing beers, saying nothing. Not only did I find that very rude, he was almost 30 minutes getting our order to us. Meanwhile, more people are leaving than are coming into the place. We would've left and gone across the street, but there was a power outage affecting all the restaurants near the hotel.During our stay, we ate at a two restaurants across the street and were greeted promptly and courteously. Both the food and the service were very good and well beyond the Hyatt. For a major hotel in the heart of downtown Phoenix, serving not only guests but locals, the Hyatt Regency leaves much to be desired.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>antshe
<Content>Good room, thin walls The room is large and clean, the staff is attentive and responsive, the walls are thin. I enjoyed my stay at this hotel but was VERY glad I packed my earplugs. Without the plugs, I could hear the people in the hall and in the room next to me. Great location for conference, Einstein's bagel was very convenient.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>michelescully
<Content>great location for baseball we stayed here for three nights in july - saturday to tuesday - and enjoyed the great locationwe had two adjoining rooms - which were a good size, although the bathrooms were smallthe corridors were dark and dingy and the overall impression was quite depressing - little light we were able to walk to the ball park from the hotel in just a few minutes so that was a real bonusthe parking is $7 in the nearby multistorey and $14 with in/out access if you are a hotel resident - reasonable for a city centreone negative point - they wanted to charge us $25 for a fridge to store my son's medication - they didn't add it to the account in the end though - also no room safethe pool area is small and not very welcoming but for a city centre hotel an outdoor pool is a bonus anywaywe got a great rate through priceline so at $35 a night the hotel is fantastic value - i would probably try for it again on pricelinethe rooftop hotel does a very grown up champagne brunch on sunday but we were unable to get a buffet in the other restaurants as the hotel was nearly empty (20% full we were told on the sunday)if you want to go to a game, baseball, basketball or whatever, then this hotel is a good bet - easy walking distance  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Terrific Hotel My family stayed at this hotel for a week while our son attended the International Science and Engineering Fair. The hotel was wonderful...our room was oversized as it was at the end of the hall and had a huge closet, plenty of room to walk around, and a great view. It was obviously well sound proofed as we never heard any of the 500 or so high school students who were staying there during the fair. Bank One Ballpark, the convention center, and America West Arena are all within easy walking distance and there are many eating places of all price ranges close by. I would stay there without hestitation.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service I stayed at the Hyatt Phoenix a few weeks ago with my boyfriend. The service was top notch and we couldn't believe how convenient the location of the hotel was to area attractions. We could even walk to a Diamondbacks baseball game. In addition, there were cute shops and restaurants in the area. It was a perfect weekend getaway! I can't wait to return to Phoenix!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>linkin12
<Content>Nice Place to Stay on Business This hotel offers top of the line service, a great location and nice amenities. If you are in town for business or just to catch a game, this is the place to stay. Lot's of stuff to do in the revamped downtown Phoenix. Room was clean and they even got my dry cleaning done overnight. Awesome! The hotel bar is a good place to meet other business travelers and even a few locals. 2 Thumbs Up!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great price! I booked my stay at the Hyatt through Priceline. I paid only 45.00 per night. The hotel was close to the airport, and a very easy drive from where I picked up the rental car. There is a garage across the street for self parking that was only 8.00 per day. Courteous staff. Absolutely no hitches whatsoever. Clean nice room. Was super easy in and out. Staff available with maps/information on surrounding sights and attractions. My only complaint was that the pool needed skimming. Lots of bugs, but otherwise we had a great stay. Seamless trasition with our other plans in Arizona. Plus, with the great Priceline rate, you can't beat it. Walking distance to shops and restaurants. Felt like a very safe area. No problems. Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and quiet My husband and I stayed here for two weekend nights. The room and staff were extremely nice, and the hotel is well situated downtown within walking distance of restaurants and the sports arenas. We were most impressed with how quiet the room and the corridors were. A local high school held their prom in one of the ballrooms that Saturday night, but we never heard a peep from rowdy teenagers or anyone else.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location   showReview(3318553, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AztecBoltFan
<Content>Great location   showReview(3290100, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAKESIDE32
<Content>Loved it...   showReview(3003065, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Paradise   showReview(2975572, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flyerno.one
<Content>Not Great   showReview(2591917, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>Favorite spot in Phoenix   showReview(2428263, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleTraveler
<Content>Good convention hotel   showReview(1766998, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hey free room   showReview(1421891, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bypass the AZ Hyatt Regency Hotel!   showReview(1378673, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MJASAZ
<Content>good business trip   showReview(1281759, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇勫牬鎵€銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20980057, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel im Zentrum von Phoenix   showReview(11342816, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銈︺兂銈裤偊銉充腑澶€併偡...   showReview(19918024, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

