<Author>mrsregino
<Content>Terrible location it was supposed to be the best hotel in Barcelona, but...It is just too far away from the city itself. No way to walk around the area. It is either renting a car or a taxi. It does have some amazing views, but definitely too far away.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	5	5	5	

<Author>AnselmoDelBanco
<Content>Very nice hotel, but...       Room  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>NPWParis
<Content>Location, location, location As other reviewers note, this hotel has fabulous views over Barcelona. In all other respects it is not what it claims to be, e.g. the best address in Catalunya or, for that matter, a world leading hotel. A great deal of effort and no doubt money has gone into the design aspect, yet the result is peculiarly lacking in personality and the finish is poor close-up. The giant water features are somehow reminiscent of a shopping mall. My junior suite was more simply bare than, say, deliberately minimalist, and the wooden floors were severely gouged by furniture being dragged about. The restaurant produces complicated food in tiny portions with amazingly little flavour for the amount of work that went into it, and at high prices. Service is charming but youthfully inefficient and though the service my room card hung on the door of my suite all day - on a busy landing, not hidden away in a corridor - the room was only actually serviced at 7 p.m.So, provided you can get a good rate, go for the views - but in that case, why not just go for lunch? The place is too far from town to be a convenient base for visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>TraveloholicFinland
<Content>What a view! The hotel Gran la Florida truly exceeded our expectations. Our room was very luxurious with two balconies and fabulous views over to the mountains and to the city. We were here on our honeymoon and we didn't want to leave the hotel although it was our first time in Barcelona.The Spa's pool area was spectacular and the whirlpool had very warm water.The hotel is a bit far from the city, but it offers complimentary shuttle service. Breakfast was ok, but not as luxurious as you would wait from a five star hotel. The staff was great: very helpful and always with a smile. Gran la Florida offered really good value for the money and we will definitely come back here.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chouchana
<Content>over price we have just been to la gran florida fo two days , we had a deluxe room with view on the parking , view to attraction parcit shouldn't be a deluxe room.the room was noisy and awful view,,,,service is ok but it should be better for a leading hotel , they forgot few things during the breakfastwe had two lunch at the snack , the food is not bad but its not good either it just ok , its quite exepnsive fo Barcelona. we order some tapas and hamburger , all food was just ok , nothing really good...I don t mind to pay at all but Iam expecting a better service and qualite..the hotel is locating close attraction parc so yo could heard people sceraming and laughing from your room ..i think it s very nice design hotel but the service and the qualite has to be improved.I complain to t0eh reception about my deluxe room , they offered 102 euros discount,.,i will not come back to the hotel .as a member of leading hotel the qualiet and service should be higher.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>JohnTheTraveller99
<Content>Sunday Cava brunch! We love this place - even though we only live 40 km away in Sitges, we go there for the all you can drink cava brunch on a Sunday - a fabulous buffet, all you can drink cava, and stunning views over the whole of Barcelona. Only this time instead of falling into a taxi to take us home, my partner booked a room for us to stay in. The room was beautifully furnished, although it was beginining to look like it needed a few little touch ups. The view was stunning over the Med and the National Park. The staff were gracious and pleasant, which beleive me, in Catalonia is definitely not the norm. Next day a hearty breakfast and a dip in the beauutiful metalic infinity pool, followed by a lunchtime Mojito. I love it!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelfanCapri
<Content>The most sexy and beautiful hotel in Spain This hotel is beautifully located in on the heights of Barelona with spectacular views..the hotel is amazing,from the rooms to the the decor of the public areas and fantastic outdoor pool and terrace, this is by far the only place to stay in Barcelona.The place is so sexy and welcoming, a real luxury hotel with a very hip and warm atmosphere.The classiest place ever..  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>5317natalie
<Content>2nd anniversary at Gran Hotel La Florida       View of Barcelona from pool  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>topsmed
<Content>Nice room and spa, some service problems Nicely renovated hotel, blending modern style with Art Nouveau. Lovely large room with seating area, great view of Barcelona and a gorgeous bathroom (huge separate shower). Very high standards of housekeeping.The spa is superb, with an indoor/outdoor steel pool, saunas and a good fitness room.The service had some of the greatest contrasts I have ever seen: world class at the front door and the reception, terrible (very young and inexperienced) in the restaurants, the bar and the spa. The food ranged from average to bad, including the breakfast buffet (mini jars of Hero jam!).The location is great if you want to get away from the city for a few days, but it is not good for visiting Barcelona. The shuttle only accomodates six and has an awkward schedule. Public transportation to the centre is complicated.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deric
<Content>Heaven in the hills It was my 60th birthday and my dear wife wanted to treat me to a romantic long weekend to Barcelona. We chose La Gran Florida as our base and from the moment we arrived we knew we had made a great choice. Our welcome at the hotel was absolutely superb, check in efficient and friendly and service impeccable. Our room was stunning with views stretching miles. I could go on and on but both my wife and I agreed that this was the best hotel we had ever stayed at. In fact we loved it so much we didn't venture into Barcelona at all preferring to enjoy the hotel instead. The stainless steel pool, the secluded sun decks and the position high on a hill overlooking the whole of Barcelona are good enough reasons alone worth checking in. However, the food is as spectacular as the setting. Most important of all every member of staff from the manager to the bell hop made us feel really special. I have seen reviews refering to the hotel as expensive but I would prefer to describe it as exceptional value for money when you receive this level of service and quality. We have vowed to return at the earliest opportunity. After many years in the travel industry I strongly urge you to experience this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arktkt
<Content>Disappointement!!! -It is FAR FROM BARCELONA!!!not what they say on their website-at least 20-25 min-The Shuttle is not Flexible-Taxi Cabs (most) will not give you a rid up to Hotel-It is Noisy -There is a Park Next to it-The Rooms are Retro Fit-The Food/Beverage so Expensive!!! a Burger is around 35 Dollars! and one Tea (Room service) is around 15 Dollars!-They Charged Extra on My Credit Card without my approval!!! when my trip was prepaid, I had to deal with them for one month. No Apology, No Email ReturnThe good points:-The Bathroom and Pool  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>erikseiersen
<Content>Shoddy Service, Not Worth the price I was expecting a great hotel, and really got spotty service for the rates of 500+ euros we paid. My wife and I stayed over 10 days in La Florida, and yes the location is beautiful and the rooms are OK, but service was bad to terrible specially in the restaurant and in the room. We had a huge leak in our junior suite (room 502), we reported this two days in a row, and nothing happenend. We did not even get an apology. Turn down service was on and off, sometimes they closed the drapes and left water, and sometimes they forgot. our complementary arrival 'gift' if you can call it, was a bottle of water and the card didn't even have my name.Finally, the restaurant service was poor and quite slow. The second morning, after paying 56 euros for a continental breakfast, we ordered some poached eggs. After 45 minutes we asked our waiter for the eggs again, and she literally said its not my problem, its the kitchen. My wife that worked at the Four Seasons for 5 years tells me that this would have been a suspension or firing of the waitperson. We did get our eggs after 1 hour. Finally, their shuttle service only fits 6 people, they have 70 rooms, so you will really not get to downtown barcelona, so its 15 euros each way, to get to downtown. You can't walk it. So add this to your costs. Its not the cost, but just the nuisance to call a cab every day, and wait another 15 minutes. So, you are better off staying at Hotel Arts, or the Majestic these are truly great and professional hotels.The only highlight was a Brazilean lady in the concierge/reception staff, she did a great job for us in some difficult restaurant reservations. Don't pay 500麓Euros if you want only the view, you can go to the La Florida bar in the afternoon, have a great time, and pay 100 euros, and stay in a better hotel. Regards,Erik Seiersen  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	2	2	

<Author>JodiMGoCubs
<Content>Wonderful Experience I used Trip Advisor to learn about this hotel so I wanted to give-back to the Trip Advisor community. I booked this hotel as a special graduation gift for me and my 18-year-old niece. We were also joined by my friend. The three of us stayed in the charming roof terrace suite, featuring a private sun deck, views of the mountains and sea, and a wonderful bathroom. The rate was $966 Euros per night, per the rates quoted on the site.Things that delighted us:The room was wonderful and exactly as described on the website--large, modern, beautiful. Breathtaking views from the deck. Best ammenities ever--robes, slippers, chocolates, stereo system, L'Occitaine bath products. Free access to WIFI.We liked the semi-remote location on the hill overlooking the city. We had just spent a week in the center of Madrid and it was nice to have several days up in the hills.The staff was gracious, helpful and goodlooking. The young staff was very international with--we spoke to staffers from Spain, Mexico, Germany, Brazil, Venezuela, the United States, and Portugal. Communication was very easy.The shuttle to-and-from the city from the hotel was very convenient. It gave us the freedom we wanted and security that we could get back without hassle.The buffet breakfast was terrific, with a wide variety of fruits, breads, meats, fish, and sweets. Great service in a nice sunny atmosphere.Nice spa treatments--book ahead of time by at least a day if you can so that the hotel may get the right type of spa specialist for you.The pool area bar was wonderful during the day and evening. We sunned, swam, rested, drank and ate there several hours per day. In some ways we wasted the sun-deck in our room. We liked the atmosphere of the pool bar.Things that could have been better:The hotel is very intimate, which means you are really aware of the other people around you. During our stay there were two groups of business people staying at the hotel--a young group of Brits and a group of French representatives from the Dodge motor company. Whenever these groups came to breakfast or the pool bar their phones were ringing or they were powering up computers. This was slightly annoying because they changed the entire atmosphere of the restaurant or bar--seeing them made me think of work, when I was trying to relax on my vacation and not deal with phones and computers. On the day we were leaving, the hotel announced that they were closing the the pool bar area that night for a special event for the Dodge people. I'm glad we were leaving because that would have been annoying. There is no other place to hang out if the pool area is closed. I recommend that if you are looking for a quiet time here, check first to make sure no groups are staying in the hotel that week.Overall, this was a wonderful experience and I look forward to returning in the future.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lornas70
<Content>The Most Amazing Hotel We Have Ever Stayed In I booked the hotel through Lastminute for my boyfriends birthday but checked the reviews first on Tripadvisor. Lastminute have some great deals for this hotel which make this more affordable. The hotel is stunning so we felt really lucky to have got such a good deal as the prices normally are very high. Room - beautifully decorated, with the biggest bed ever and crisp, expensive bedlinen. We were also lucky to have a room with views of Barcelona.The Bar - I just had to mention this as we still talk about the Vodka Lemonades that we had there which were the nicest we had ever had and we have had a few!! The downside is that you are a cab drive into the city but I prefer that rather than having a noisy hotel in the centre.I would recommend everyone to stay at this hotel once in your lifetime.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goof87
<Content>A Beautiful Retreat My wife and I enjoyed the first night of our honeymoon at this wonderful hotel in the hills above Barcelona. Staff was wonderful. Public areas of the hotel are beautifully done and the hilltop setting offers spectacular views of the city and the med.We upgraded to a Terrace Room with hopes the terrace offered a nice place to enjoy the view. It doesnt. The terrace rooms have no view and are basically patios with fences. Very dissapointing as I think we would have had better views in a less costly room. That said, the bathroom and rainshower were great.Restauraunt was good, not great. Service was very good throughout dinner but problem with a few ants in a dessert was handled poorly by management who rather than simply apologizing and offering a drink offered an excuse. We had a great time and were not banking on a freebie, but were a bit put off by the excuse.Grounds and pool are beautiful. Church atop hill is beautiful and it is worth a climb to the top to see the views.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NicL
<Content>What a setting! The setting is dramatic and as beautiful as at any hotel i've stayed at. The hotel is also lovely, though possibly trying a bit too hard on the boutique stakes (the pool, for instance, whilst it looks amazing and has a real wow factor, it feels its more like something to look at rather than something you would want to have a cool refreshing swim in).The terrace is also amazing and generally the hotel oozes quality. Staff extremely good. Didn't have any meals other than breakfast here, but breakfast was decidedly average i thought.Would i come here again? Yes definitely, on a romantic long weekend.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Everton
<Content>The relentless pursuit of excellence - or otherwise If five stars are to mean anything, it would surely be the relentless pursuit of excellence and a passion for detail. La Florida scores highly in most areas, and performs woefully in others.Let's do the easy bits: stunning location; breathtaking views; gorgeous terrace; warm and attentive restaurant and bar staff; and a truly amazing terrace with our suite.So why fall down on basics like concierge service, room-keeping standards and security?No surprises: I do not consider myself lucky to be the first person in the concierge's five years to have had his room broken in to* and cash stolen. His indifference and the lack of any apology, any explanation or any help marked him out as unfit to do his job and the hotel as well below par.Which brings us to an immutable truth about quality service: it's a cultural thing within a hotel. Either the bosses at the very top share a passionate belief in customer care and transmit that daily to their staff through their every action, or they don't. And at La Florida, customer care is just another box to tick, not part of its philosophy. For a hotel with such potential, that is a great shame.* by the way, there was no sign of a break-in to my room and no explanation as to who else had keys.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>tampatravelers123
<Content>Excellent Hotel. Excellent Staff. My wife and I spent our 10 year anniversary at La Gran Florida. The staff goes above and beyond what I would ever expect here in the USA. They are so incredibly polite and upbeat and they always make sure that you have everything that you need. The view was spectacular at the top of Mt Tibabado, the hotel sits next to one of the most spectacular churches that you can see from anywhere in Barcelona. I noticed that many of the other hotels are in very busy, touristy areas, but this one is all by itself. There was an amusement park close by but it closed in the evening and never made much noise anyway. The Gran Florida was extremely clean well taken care of. The second to last night we were there, I lost my wallet. In a mad frenzie to cancel all of my credit cards, the hotel staff helped me contact everyone in the states and even prepared a bubble bath with candles in our room to help relax us!!! I'm not one for bubble baths, but my wife considered it so thoughtful that a hotel staff would do such a thing. Our best experience was the staff, they really care that the customer is completely satisfied. We would definitely return, no question.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suegator
<Content>Most Luxurious Hotel in Barcelona What a phenomenal hotel! The staff and rooms are beyond anything I've encountered in the US. The hotel sits atop Mt. Tibidabo, a short cab ride from the main attractions of Barcelona but the view is to die for. It's distance from the city gives it a very ultra-exclusive feel. The rooms are state of the art modern and sleek. The restaurant was fabulous. Chef Dani is a genius with food, he created a beef dish that is baked in clay. He monogramed ours with our anniversary date and it was served tableside. You get to break the clay with an antique hammer and then the entree is transferred to a giridon and plated for you. Nice touch. Each course was lovelier than the last. I went to El Bulli a few days later but think I enjoyed the meal at Hotel La Florida better. The stainless steel pool is the only one of it's kind in any hotel and makes the pool area even that much swankier. The staff to guest ratio is high and makes each guest feel as though they have their own staff and/or entourage. What's truly sad is that every hotel after this one.....pales in comparison and you long for the luxury and bankroll to stay here all the time.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ThomasSiggnel
<Content>Glorious Stunning Hotel Stayed in this hotel in December 2007 with my girlfriend (now fiance). I chose this hotel particulary to propose in Barcelona and ensure the weekend was done in style and we were not dissappointed! The room was immaculate, the hotel staff couldn't be more helpful. Great swimming pool as well which merges into another pool on the terrace outside. It is about 10 minutes drive in a taxi from Le Rambles in the centre of town so if you want something in the centre don't chose this hotel, saying that I would return again and stay at this outstanding hotel in Barcelona that had breath-taking views from our room. Not really a hotel to bring children (we left ours at home) but great for romantic breaks, lovers and for peace and tranquility.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Neil_thommo
<Content>Breathtaking views Breathtaking views. I have stayed in many great hotels and this is the best I've ever stayed at. The staff are fantastic, the shuttle service is regular and punctual, and the facilities are next to phenomenol!!! Restaurant expensive but worthwhile with table views of the city. Relaxing environment also. Will be returning to the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MRANMRS
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the hotel in August this year for a long weekend and thought it was lovely. The rooms where gorgeous, the staff were excellent and the views were breath taking. The only downside was the cost of the mini bar and meals/beverages in the hotel. It is fine to pay extra for a nice hotel, but the mini bar etc.. was very over priced more like day light robbery, so that was slightly disapointing. The spa treatments were also very over priced. But overall for a special break away i would highly recommend it. Be aware though that the hotel is around about 拢18-拢25 taxi drive away from the centre of Barcelona each way. The hotel does have a free shuttle, but it gets full very quickly so book your place well in advance!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paulonholiday
<Content>A true Luxury room with a view This hotel truly is stunning with amazing views of Barcelona. To have all this luxury only 15minutes from Las Ramblas and the Diagonal was sensational.The hotel I would descirbe as urban chic and the infinity outdoor pool (accessed via the indoor pool) was majestic with views over Barcelona that wil be remembered forever !We booked through Design Holidays who saved us huge amounts compared other rates we were quoted by both the hotel directly and other companies.Without question we will return .........  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sjwoolnough
<Content>Great View       Fun fair  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Traveloguy
<Content>Great Views, but could be better Stayed in this hotel in October 2007. Stunning views although be prepared for a 20 minute cab ride off peak to get into town. That said, the view alone is worth it!Had a few issues during our stay, the biggest one being that the room we had been given had a shower that was mouldy so that when you opened the door, the bathroom as well as the bedroom was overcome with the smell (unfortunately I am not exaggerating) rendering the shower useless. My partner designs hotels for a living but even I noticed the design floor with the shower set up - it does look good though! We did inform the staff to either fix the problem or move us whilst we were out for the evening, however when we got back, nothing had been done. We ended up moving rooms in the end, but ideally I would not want to have done this at 2am!Other issue was when I was having a massage. Normally you get assigned a special massage bed where you can put your head in a specially designed rest. Unfortunately this was not to be so whilst your having a nice relaxing massage, your head is twisted which is not the most comfortable experience for an hour.Staff were somewhat friendly although the issues with the shower did dampen things somewhat.Overall definitely worth staying due to the view, but don't expect top notch service.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	4	

<Author>SenorCharlie
<Content>Too far from the centre 4 of us stayed for 2 nights in October 2007. We had a very good deal from a travel website and paid 拢Sterling 112 per night including breakfast and an upgrade to de-luxe rooms. We all thought that was about the right price and would not have been happy to have paid much more. The staff were very pleasant, the bed was superb, the views were great, breakfast was full of good choices. The downside was the location. 20/25 minutes away from Barcelona centre and a hopeless shuttle bus that ran from 10am to 6 pm and only took a small number of people. Cabs cost around 40 euros return to the centre. My advice is, if you want to see Barcelona book a city centre hotel. Also, in the summer a large theme park/fairground attraction is right next door and that could be noisy.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RuairiCork
<Content>Nearly perfect!       view from sun terrace  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>warum
<Content>Hotel with a view outside the city center I stayed at Hotel La Florida for one night on September 18th, 2007. As a Leaders Club member I made my reservation through Leading Hotels, the rate for a standard room was 246,10 Euro taxes and breakfast included.There are many nice but also some negative aspects so that I rate this hotel in total with three stars (=neutral/average compared to other top class hotels).But in detail: On the good side were- a prompt doorman service, luggage transfer, personal check-in with a glass of champagne,- guidance to the room with nice introduction to the hotel facilities and history,- upgrade to room no. 501 with Barcelona view and a spacious bath with impressive shower stall, tub and separate toilet,- personal welcome card in room (in my native language), a complimentary bottle of water, fruits and a welcome gift (Zen candle stick),- very nice and clean spa with indoor-/outdoor pool,- cozy atmosphere in the whole hotel and plenty of staff,- restaurant L'Orangerie with good value for money (solid six course tasting menu for 64,20 Euro),- turn down with additional bottles of complimentary water,- free internet access and many copies of international papers in the lobby.On the other hand there were some negative aspects:- the hotel is located in the nowhere of Barcelona, a complimentary shuttle service runs a few times a day but all seats for all shuttles during my stay were already booked when I checked in (at about 3 pm - the maximum capacity are six seats per shuttle only!),- one finally has to use taxis when going to downtown Barcelona what takes first about 15 minutes until a taxi arrives and furthermore costs about 30 to 40 Euro for a return trip to the city center in total (the taxi drivers bill the arrival as well so you start with an amount of 5 to 6 Euro),- there was no clock in the room - not even in the TV or telephone display - and the staff wasn't able to organize any watch or alarm clock during my stay (I had this unusual experience one night before at Casa Fuster Hotel, they finally provided a clock but failed in other things),- there was no shoehorn or any shoe cleaning item in the room and a shoe shine wasn't done overnight (although I placed my shoes outside the door at about 11pm),- annoying minibar pricing: a Coke (0,2 l) costs 8,56 Euro (!) and you won't find any other shops or foodstores in the neighbourhood,- there was no DVD player available, not even on request,- there was plenty of young staff, very friendly but inefficient (e.g. no help with the clock, not even a response/ the headwaiter at L'Orangerie first showed a half board card which wasn't valid for me, came back with the regular card and after request with a tasting menu offer but didn't know what was included in the tasting menu/ the cutlery wasn't replaced as there were no towells replaced in the spa although there were up to four employees around...)Anyhow a nice hotel but not a leader in the hotel business. When you accept the mentioned disadvantages and be prepared staying outside of Barcelona it might be okay.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>southmouth
<Content>One of the best hotels I've experienced!       View from Room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChilternSkipper
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel away from city approx 15 euros in a taxi-design suites very special if a little expensive-great staff-amusing to have the small amusement park up the hill didn't detract from the settingLittle short on loungers on terrace full by 10 am -terrace menu limiting main restaurant has to be pre booked-overall throughly recommend  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JapersCapers
<Content>Superb accommodation, but overpriced This hotel has so much to offer; beautiful, large, well designed rooms, breathtaking views of Barcelona, the stunning Zen zone where you can enjoy the stainless steel pool or relax on the terrace. The staff on our trip were courteous, professional and helpful. The location of the hotel is problematic and I think they should consider doing more to help guests get in and out of the city. More flexible shuttle trips and, in particular, later shuttle trips to return guest from the city after midnigt would certainly ease the problem. Otherwise it will cost 15 - 20 euros to travel from the city centre. We also found that most of the taxi drivers did not know where the hotel was located (we may have been unlucky) and on our last evening the taxi driver, who appeared drunk, took us on some bizarre route which cost us 25 euros! We did discover that the metro line 7 can take you to Avenue Tibidabo which is at the foot of the mountain and cost us about 10 euros from there to the hotel. However the metro closes at 12pm during the week.While we were happy with the cost of the rooms, the cost of food and drink in the hotel is exhorbitant. I expected to pay a premium for 5*, but the charges are really excessive. The worst example was breakfast which we only had on one day and cost us 68 euros. for this princely sum we were supplied with a meagre selection of very poor quality pastries, some cereal and poorly prepared eggs benendict which was also cold! I don't mind paying more for 5* luxury, but I at least expect to get what I paid for.You will enjoy La Florida - we certainly did, but unless you are happy to fork out 200 euros for a meal (2 people), 56 euros for a basic breakfast (again for 2 people) eat in the city which is relatively inexpensive. Make good use of the shuttle service into the city as this can half your taxi bill and if you are not returning after midnight take the metro to Avenue Tibidabo for a less expensive taxi journey to the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leolimoncello2003
<Content>Wonderful Retreat! Beautiful hotel on top of the hill, overlooking the city of Barcelona and the sea. Hotel shuttle bus to town, nice breakfast on the terrace overlooking the sea, extremely wonderful dinner place, not exactly inexpensive but sooo delicious! Great service. Nice pool area. We even walked from the hotel downtown (2 hours thru the beautiful and cool woods) every day and took the shutlle back uphill. The only thing on Saturdays: due to the Tibidabo amusement park nearby it might get a bit loud until well after midnight but who's there to go to bed early anyway! It's not so noisy during the week (only until 9pm or so which is nice). Definitely one of our favorite hotels in the world, small and something special. Make sure to get a room with sea view, it's worth the price difference!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CD_in_geneva
<Content>Marvelous boutique hotel After a long and bumpy taxi ride from the airport to La Florida, steping into the hotel was like entering another world of quietness, beauty and cosy luxury. Check in takes place in a lounge like mini office with 2 desks. I was escorted to my room. As a leading hotels of the world's leaders club member i was upgraded to a corner room with city view. The whole bedroom size is fine, decorated with subtle luxury taste, high ceiling, bathroom rather big with fantastic shower and l'occitane products, flat screen framed tv. Lots of personal touch in the room like my favourite newspaper, cookies, fresh fruits, chocolate box and a gift (candle changing its colour when it's burning). Lots of bottles of water.Dinner at l'orangerie restaurant was a great taste and food experience. It's overpriced for barcelona criterias and prices but in line with gastronomic restaurant prices all over europe. Exceptionnal chilean wine, straberry and mint sorbet. The veal flet and truffles sauce on a brioche slice was devine. One tip before you have dinner there, make sure you book a table by the window and make sure you actually get it as it might not be the case (table reservation handeling is the down side of that place).Perfect slept. I had breakfast at the restaurant's terrace with a terrific view of barcelona. Well appointed buffet with hot/cold, sweet/salted options. After a lazy morning on my balcony, i had a late lunch still at the restaurant terrace. Full lunch menu at 35 euros.I only stayed there 1 night and wish i'd stayed there few more days. Though some pieces of furnitures would need a make over (especially sofas and armchair in the public area) it was like being home in a hotel. Perfect retreat out of busy barcelona where you can spend the day, the hotel provides free shuttle downtown to pla莽a catalunya (20mn drive). La Florida is on my top 3 hotels in the world.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jumbotraveler
<Content>Magnificent Urban Oasis Gran Hotel La Florida-July 3,2007Reviewer:Brooklyn NYMagnificant Urban Oasis.My wife and I just returned from 5 days and nights in Barcelona. We had planned on staying the beginning of our trip at La Florida and then stay more centrally at the Majestic in Eixample but loved La Florida so much that we cut short our stay at the Majestic and returned for our last two nights to La Florida. Service was warm, attentive and personal. Check in was a delight as we sat at a table with our front desk person who made sure we had drinks as we went over the details ,.He then brought us to our room while the bellman brought our bags- very classy. In fact service was exemplary and most attentive throughout our stay. The room at the start was huge on the second floor with floor to ceiling windows with a magnificant sweeping view of Barcelona. The bed was a super comfortable King size. The bathroom was similarly huge with double sinksand a separate bath and shower . The pool was spectacular , located both inside and outside and heated just right for a pleasant swim. There was a multi tiered seating area beneath the pool with all seats facing the panoramic view.(One word of caution-if you arrive at the pool too late most seats are already taken sort of like some of the Caribean resorts we have visited so plan ahead a bit to get a seat) Breakfast was delicious with tons of cheese, bread and meats and the setting most romantic outside overlooking Barcelona. We generealy relaxed poolside for a couple of hours before heading into Barcelona by the free Hotel shuttle. The shuttle did tend to fill up so again if you can plan , you should make a reservation in advance. We usually just took a taxi back whenever we wanted to at around 15 Euros. We decided to return for the second portion of our trip because after exploring Barcelona for most of the day into the early evening we wanted to relax at our oasis. Barcelona is a great city but it is loud and crowded and we just wanted to escape at night . If we were only staying a couple of nights perhaps it would have been better to stay in the center of town , but with a more relaxing 5 days we enjoyed our relaxation time at La Florida and still had plenty of time to visit all the sights. When we returned our second room was a little smaller with more normal sized windows but we had a balcony which more than made up for the slightly smaller room-In short La Florida was the perfect hideaway for a 5 day trip to Barcelona. It was the best of both worlds-a luxury resort hotel only about 20 minutes from all the sights.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fweeb
<Content>Nicest hotel in 30 years of travel I have traveled extensively, and have stayed in many 5 star hotels. This was by far the lovliest hotel of all my trips. The view is spectacular (ask for ocean/city view), with beautiful decks and lush rooms. The room service was somewhat slow, but we didn't care. The pool here is extraordinary, the spa wonderful. An added bonus for us was a cathedral and AMUSEMENT PARK within walking distance! I HIGHLY recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TheWorld&I
<Content>We loved it ! We just returned from Barcelona 5 days ago. We had 4 nights at the Gran Hotel La Florida. We absolutely loved it. We had hesitated in staying there, because it is on Mt. Tibidabo, a little away from the main parts of the city. Once we arrived, we were thrilled we had chosen this hotel. It was actually a pleasure being away from the city. Barcelona is teeming with people. La Ramblas is kind of seedy. We were disappointed in that area. Lots of guys at night were drunk or on drugs. We went once and then stayed away.Back to the hotel. They were extremely accommodating in getting us transportation anytime into Barcelona. They run a free shuttle throughout the day. We would usually take the shuttle into Barcelona, and then take a taxi home at night. It was easy to get a taxi either way, and cost about 15 Euros. The hotel is physically beautiful. I had read other reviews about the pool area, and it is magnificent. The outside pool area is terraced overlooking the city (the inside pool flows into the outside pool). Breakfast can be outside on the terrace which I highly recommend. The rooms were beautiful. The bathrooms were all beige marble, elegant and spacious. There was a separate shower and tub. The views from all the rooms are gorgeous. All rooms have flat screen TV's (not that we watched very much). The hotel is smaller and more intimate, yet large enough that we felt anonymous when we wanted to be. The staff were extremely helpful. We loved it and would stay again anytime. You would not make a mistake by staying here, even if it is a 15 - 25 min. drive into Barcelona. The drive was nothing and didn't detract in any way from our time in Barcelona. It was a plus. I only wish someone had saved me from agonizing over the decision to stay there vs. in Barcelona. We are very happy we chose this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>tjigiii
<Content>Great service...NOTTT! 400 euros a night is fine if you get good service but from the momentwe parked our hire car at the front door and lugged our bags in, looking right, then left for reception I had a bad vibe.OK, so what there wasn't a porter to help..things would get better?At reception we had this terribly snooty type that looked down her nose and considered we may be just worthy enough to stay in her fine establishment. Not one smile...not oneRight, I pondered, let's just see what the room was like.Got there, noticed chips on the front door of the mini bar, smallish room but thought what the hell... been travelling for ages, I'm not going to move now.Then we were given the free shuttlebus times to get into Barcelona city centre and noticed that the last bus back to the hotel wasn't 2am, or even midnight but 7.45 pm! So no chance of dinner in Barcelona unless you want an expensive taxi ride back late (accordingto Time Out that would be if you were lucky enough to get a taxi). I complained and got upgraded to a super uber deluxe suite. I said to the General Manager that I just wanted to leave but she informed me we could but would be charged the full room rate, despite the hotel being half full.The hotel is looking a wee bit tired as well-managed to escape after one night and landed up in Hotel Majestic... much better thank you.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	2	

<Author>okyalos
<Content>Do not go alone . I have been there on a business trip.I will begin with the negatives.1.I was alone.2. I idid not have car.The place is fantastic, with incredible views of Barcelona, and its the place for a romantic get out.It's not the place for business.This implies that is far from down town, half an hour with car.If you have a car, its ideal. Please take into notice, that there is nothing(restaurant, mini market), lets say at least 10 km from the hotel.The food is around 70 euro per person, which is somehow expensive. Wrapping up, do not go there if you are going with friends to chill out in Barcelona.However, if you want to make your partner a perfect getaway, go.You owe it to yourself .  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>breathenow
<Content>The perfect retreat       4th floor outside elevator  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NinaMontreal
<Content>Beautiful location This is a beautifully desined boutique hotel on top of a hill overlooking Barcellona. The view is absolutely breathtaking. The staff at the hotel were very polite and tried to accomodate us the best they could. However, the service industry in Spain generally leaves something to be desired!The rooms were spatious and elegantly designed. The terrace with the bar and the swiming pool are magnificent. Going to Barcellona proper is a trip in itself and the shuttle service is really not frequent enough so if you want to experience Barcellona in its fullest, this hetel is probably not ideal but if your looking for a romantic stay in a secluded, elegant hotel you cant go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Pipouille
<Content>Nice for the swimming pool Gran Hotel La Florida is a small nice hotel. BUT if you want to compare with other Barcelona hotels like Casa Fuster, i would say you have to make a choice between a nice hot water swimming pool and spartiate room ( Gran Hotel La Florida ) and a very nice room, very clean and well decorated, with lots of bath cream, soaps but ridiculous small pool ( Casa Fuster ).Another detail i did not like at La Florida was the Occitane bath products: in a five star hotel, you can not offer those products! Restaurant, room service was nice at La Florida. At Casa Fuster, room service was too long as they forget my first order.Next time i am in Barcelona, i will probably choose again Casa Fuster.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>mundus
<Content>a great hotel with a great view A superb hotel because of its location on Tibidabo hill with a panoramic view of Barcelona, because it is quiet away from the noise of the bustling city and surrounded by green terraces, because of its genial staff, particularly the conciergesand because of its great indoor pool and spa area. L'occitane bathroom amenities are provided. Breakfast offers a rich choice of salmon, cold meets and cheese but the choice of bread and pastries is limited (for example wheat bread is not available).The hotel can be reached by public transport, from the plaza Catalunya, you take the FGC lines S1 or S2, every 10', to the Peu Funicular, then the funicular uphill and the bus del barri 111, every 30', leaving from the funicular station at quarter after and before the hour. Five minutes later, you arrive at the hotel.An alternative is the complementary hotel shuttle, about 7 times a day to the intersection of the Diagonal and the Gracia, but reservation is necessary.Finally, a taxi costs about 鈧?14.The low ranking in the popularity index seems to be biased downwards due to a negative but irrelevant comment.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Mosshot
<Content>Fantasy Palace No question but this is the smartest hotel I came across in Barcelona. It is your private luxury palace and the ultimate in beauty, light, and personal service. The outrageous prices are fully acceptable for what you get. The pool/ spa is top class. The views are amazing, and from all the rooms.BUT and there is one: it is an hour's drive from the city into the mountains. Cab drivers need to be told to take the road to Tibidabo (where the funfair is) or they can spend hours driving in circles. The cabs are cheap enough and it is pleasant and cool when you get there, and such a relief to get out of the city itself. The resort is exclusive and inhabited by the seriously chic and wealthy. If you like that kind of thing or are on honeymoon...  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Lien_Bailey
<Content>How much for a gin and tonic?!?! This was my third trip to Barcelona, (first on my hen weekend, the second at Valentines) and I thought this hotel would be nice. My first mistake was to book a hotel so far away from the centre (silly me) and the second was to book a place so hugely over priced! I had a lovely room with a nice view of the city, a beautiful bathroom and very nice toiletries. A huge plasma TV which seemed to want to fall off the wall! The whole place was lovely, but too far away. We used the free shuttle bus to get into town, but it finished too early for it to be of use to us in the evening. All in all, we spent at least 鈧?0 per day in taxis including the free shuttle service. At the weekend, it was near impossible to get a seat at the times we wanted, and the return journeys were always full, so book ahead if you want to secure a seat.In the evening we had drinks in the bar, the service was better than I had read much to my relief BUT the prices were frightening! On the first night we ate at the restaurant, the starters were lovely, but the mains was too fussy and too many flavours 鈥?the meal costs us over 鈧?80 for 2 people, no desserts, but 2 expensive riojas (鈧?25). Needless to say, we didn鈥檛 eat there again as it was not worth the money.This hotel is suited to couples who want to get away as the whole place is stunning, with views from the pool and bar 鈥?which incidentally is closed after Sept, so we were very disappointed. The rooms are beautiful and well kitted out with very high ceilings. I loved the place, baulked at the prices and got criticised by my husband for the amount of money and distance we had to go to get decent tapas and some night life! For those that have had enough of the touristy Barcelona (does that happen?) and are not shocked at paying 鈧?5 for a gin and tonic, I think they will enjoy this place.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	1	5	5	3	3	

<Author>NZ88
<Content>Great View Great Staff Great Food This hotel is in a great location. Stayed for a long weekend and never left the property. Having booked a special package i was amazed at how well it all worked. The check in was smooth and efficent, the Spa manager joined us in reception to work out when we wanted the treatments that were part of our package. We were shown to our room and the staff member made sure we were happy with the room and the facilities. We went straight down to the pool which has great views and great areas to lounge about. There were plenty of staff to bring drinks. The only delay seemed to be with food which did take a reasonably long time to arrive but was great when it did.Dinner in the resturant was excellent and not overly priced for the quality. The wine list is long and varied.One of the highlights apart from a massage from Tommy was the Sunday brunch. Huge selection and free Cava. Seemed to be plenty of locals enjoying the views and the food.Some people have commented on a lack of language skills amongst the staff. We certainly didn't find this to be the case. Would we go back. yes.expensive but worth it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jatador
<Content>Looking for 4/5 star? Skip this hotel. Stayed recently in La Florida with my wife for a week. The hotel has an exceptional view and very nice premises including some spa utilities..but there is a problem: service is really really substandard.Only one janitor and the Italian-born lobby boy were up to their tasks and responsibilities. The rest was a disaster. The excellent food of the very pricey hotel鈥檚 restaurant, L鈥橭rangerie (quick dinner; 250 euros for 2), was totally ruined by very irritating service. Unfortunately I noticed too late that the issue of service had been posted here in previous reviews, even several times.My advice: Not worth spending the money on the view and suffering a very bad service day in day out.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>PIXSQUARED
<Content>Amazing view over Barcelona, spectacular swimming pool       swimming pool inside  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>arisetherefore
<Content>Be Careful Everything about the hotel was wonderful except the fact that I was robbed, while I took a shower, by one of the maids. The service, spa facilities, room, food and of course the view where all excellent. I had nothing but glowing things to say about the hotel until the next to last night of my stay when I hopped in the shower and closed the door to the bathroom so that the maid could enter and fold down the covers of the bed and leave chocolates and water as they do each night. My husband went down to the business center to check his email and such. I left my backpack, with the wallet inside, by the bed. I heard the maid come in, then go out after a minute or so. I thought nothing of it, but when I got out the bed wasn't done nor were the refreshments left. I thought that it was really strange, but still wasn't completly alarmed until I noticed my backpack looked misplaced and things from my wallet scattered. I opened it and to my panick all of my cash($200) was taken!!! She didn't take my credit cards though but arranged them in a stack in one of the pockets. I know that my wallet was looted during my shower because just before that, I took my debit card and lisence out to give to my husband to put in his wallet for the night out and my wallet was in it's normal state. I had no hard proof other than my honest word and of course she denied it. I had to try and forget about it, but it will have forever tarnished the memory of my trip. I was traumatized that it happened in a five star hotel while I was in my room. The manager said that the maids are used to people leaving valuable things out and never steal, well she picked something that she could get away with that he himself said the cops probably wouldn't come up there for just $200. The amount wasn't the issue it could have been $2. It's the fact that it happened as it did. It's a great hotel but be very careful!!!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	5	2	5	2	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Amazing Hotel for a Honeymoon! The hotel was magical and beautiful in more ways than one could describe. The service was outstanding and the views breathtaking. We ventured to the Tibidabo Mtn for our honeymoon and didn't wish to leave because the grandeur service and comfort provided to us by the Hotel. The stainless steel indoor/outdoor infinity pool and spa was a design like no other. Every corner of the hotel was a breathtaking surprise! The hotel design was spectacular and perfectly done. Plan to stay for a minimum of 2 days to truly enjoy all the wonderful amenities. I look forward to returning soon. As a reminder to Americans, there is no need to tip at the restaurants in Spain, it is already included. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awfull service This was my 6th stay at the Hotel and I can agree with other reviews that the service is getting worse and worse. First, even if it seems unbealivable, no one helped us with carrying our luggages to the room. Second, maiden came into the room while we were resting and the not disturb card was on the door. Thay awaked us from our siesta. But what was more amazing is that they phoned us one minute later to ask us when would it be possible to clean our room (they've had 4 hours to do it since we were on the pool having lunch). For lunch, it took for ever for having a club sandwich, almost an hour. And finally, on our check out, no one say a simple thanks while paying the bill, they charged us breakfeast when it was suposeley included in the reservation and we had to wait for our taxi for almost 40 minutes. It is a shame because the hotel is great, rooms are very nice and location is unique. But the service is really pathetic.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury  I'm frequently travelling to Barcelone and it was my 5th stay in La Florida. The rooms - independend from the cathegory you choose - are all wonderful, very tasteful decorated and mostly offering a spectacular view over the skyline of Barcelone. Fantastic bathrooms and nice amenities. BUT: the service was perfect two years ago, and actually lot of stuff has changed (including the director) and the result is a really unadecuate service for a 5-star hotel. Seems they have reduced also the number of stuff. Still no limousine service and the shuttle service consists about only one shuttle and an inaceptable time-schedule.The worst experience was the breakfast. What this hotel offers for 30,-鈧?! has definitely the level of a 1-star hostal. The restaurant is nice, but nothing special - food arrives cold on the table...My check-out was unbelievable - no concierge, no bellboy - i had to bring all my baggage by myself to my car, avoiding another 30-minutes waiting time...  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ceasayers
<Content>Amazing views We stayed at this hotel for one night following a few nights staying in central Barcelona. The position of the hotel is amazing. We had requested a corner room and the hotel had provided this. We had amazing views from the two huge windows and balconies and an amazing view from the huge bathroom window. The room was nice, but not outstanding. The bathroom, however was definitely 5 star.The reception service was great, but the maid service was not so good. They came in to turn down our beds whilst we were at dinner, but failed to replenish wet towels or used toiletries. We were also disturbed by them twice in the morning, depsite the fact that we were checking out.The food and wine in the restuarant was great, but the service was not amazing. I was served fois gras, but it took them another 10 minutes to bring some toast. The main course arrived very quickly after the starter and then it took an hour after finishing our main for them to offer us dessert/coffee.The pool and spa area is really lovely and it was great to swim in the warm outdoor pool looking at views of Barcelona.We thought the shuttle service was great and it was a nice touch to be given a bottle of water on the shuttle.Overall, it is a great hotel, mainly because of the location and views. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good 4-star experience, not quite 5-star and by far not up to "leading hotels".. The hotel is beautifully located on top of a hill that overlooks the entire city. No question - as far as the location and the place in general is concerned - it's as good as it gets.Judging from previous reviews I must conclude that they鈥檝e had a steep learning curve. The service and staff was the most outstanding about this place from the very moment we came in. Warm welcome by multilingual receptionist, short checkin time, no queue etc鈥?br/>The amenities of the hotel are reason enough to go there. Descriptions of the pool, lounge and restaurant can be found in previous reviews.During our stay we noticed several details which I as a frequent traveller appreciate very much:-when calling the reception you will always be addressed in the language used during checkin.-weather forecast and chocolate will be on your bed when coming back from dinner. You will also find a bottle of still water on you bedside table.Following items were disappointing:-the shuttle service virtually not existing鈥? There is just few departures per day. This is especially a problem because out of 6 taxi drivers none knew the hotel. We had to show them on the map, one even refused to take us. The hotel does not offer any alternatives such as a limo service. And honestly 鈥?even if they鈥檇 charge a couple of bucks for it 鈥?it鈥檚 a five star hotel and the 鈥渇ree shuttle鈥?argument doesn鈥檛 really count that much. Transportation must imperatively be provided 鈥?no matter whether for free or not.-The room furniture is beautiful but partly in bad condition. (e.g. there should not be any cables hanging down from behind a flatscreen TV)-Internet reservation did not work (well it worked, but they didn鈥檛 get it鈥?-Entertainment system did not work as it should-The food is ok but by far not what I am used to from hotels of an equivalent category-Air conditioning didn鈥檛 cool below 23.8 degrees CBut after all this is a very good hotel. Obviously you may have high expectations at a place ranked as a 5-star leading small hotel of the world. It would be a top 4-star place but as a 5-star hotel 鈥?which it is 鈥?I am not quite satisfied.And the restaurant 鈥?still being ok 鈥?does not have a Gault Millau rating, comments on the web are anything between bad and good. I my view it鈥檚 nothing special, but the location makes up a lot. I my consideration this hotel is top ten of Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>skilaki
<Content>Majestic Facility, Miserable Service My wife and I stayed for three nights at the Gran Hotel La Florida while on our honeymoon this past June. The hotel itself is stunning - gorgeous, very well furnished, and perfectly positioned on Mt. Tibidabo; views of the countryside from one window, views of the downtown Barcelona from another. Excellent pool and poolside facilities, well appointed restaurant. Stunning views (I know I said it before, but it bears repeating).BUT - it is as if the hotel owners refurbished the place to the highest standard, and then simply walked out the door and handed the keys over to their children. The dining room was complete chaos from a staffing perspective. This is particularly disappointing because the kitchen turns out some impressive dishes. We were made to wait nearly two hours for the table we reserved (as guests of the hotel) and, when we finally complained (which is the last thing anyone wants to do when celebrating) the manager offered no apologies, only cava - which, while good, took 20 minutes for him to fetch. Lunch service was similarly unimpressive - nearly two hours (yes, two) for a club sandwich; served with a heaping side of no acknowledgment, no apology, no excuse. One notable exception in the confusion cafe the only one, in fact) was the sommelier - the man knows his wines, is in command of the bottles and glasses, and incredibly personable (his name may be David, but I cannot recall with certainty).The ride down (or up) the mountain is another adventure - cabs wince at the notion of going up the mountain (many will order you out of their car, drive off before you get in or, failing that, wince, complain, and attempt to impose a surcharge for the trouble - do not pay it.) The hotel's shuttle runs on a mid-day only schedule that is obviously more for the benefit of the reservation book at the hotel's restaurant than the guests who stay there (as noted, the restaurant has its own set of problems).Yes, the views are impressive (truly) but be warned - you may tire of them while waiting for your table, cocktail, or lunch!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Family from Herts
<Content>A Breathtaking Experiance The hotel perched a 15min drive from the outer skirts of Barcelona (20mins from Airport)on top of the Bilabado Mountain, next to the, so beautiful Catherdral ~ lit up spectaculary at night and so spiritual, over looking the whole city ~ The panaramic views from our 3rd floor duluxe double room were outstanding, inc a terrace (which during the warmer months would of been wonderful! A bit breezy and cold in the new year hols!)The personel are very pleasant especiallly the bar/resturant staff and concierge. Relaxed atmosphere with the most romantic and relaxing Spa. The pool starts inside and ends out side overlooking the city.The drive up and down by taxi into La Ramblas costs around 20euros, however there is a free hopper from the hotel at certain times. Very helpful! The best restuarants we ate in were in Gotic ( Agut ) and The 'Rec' area Little Italy and surrounding cocktail bars and resturants. The highest rated hotel in the centre Jazz hotel also looked nice. Overall our friend proposed to his girlfriend on the balcony of the catherdral and she accepted making this break one of the most relaxing and special weekends away ever! Truly a romantic hotel and location for relaxing or enjoying Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Everready
<Content>Top Hotel This is one of the best hotels in the world. The rooms are modern / luxurious with magnificient bathrooms and good space. The terraces have spectacular views of the city. The nearby church and funfare are picturesque. The staff are helpful and discreet. Seasonal reductions make it very affordable too for a 5 star hotel. It's only a shame the room service menus are not more locally-inspired rather than international. However if you want Miami-style Latin luxury in Europe this is the place. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stonemasons
<Content>So romantic I booked a late romantic surprise deal and it could not have been better. Great location, superb staff, excellent food and well worth paying a little extra for something and somewhere so special. Its on our must return list so thank you to all those that recommended this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Truly Spectacular Hotel! I was initially hesitant to book Gran Hotel Florida because it's so far away from the city. It is admittedly not the best place to stay if you want to spend every day in the city, but is well worth a day or two taken out of a hectic tourist itinerary for a bit of relaxation.The rooms are spectacular! I cannot think of one thing I would change. Our room had high ceilings and enormous floor-to-ceiling windows, and although it was one of the least expensive rooms, it was on a corner and had a panoramic view of the city. Overly generous in terms of space, the room included a good sized hallway and two separate his and hers closets. The decor was tasteful and elegant... creams and neutral tones without being the least bit generic (and I am on the picky side about that sort of thing). The floors were hardwood. The bed was comfy. What's more, the room seemed as though it had just been given a fresh coat of paint and a thorough cleaning. It was impeccable!My favorite aspect was the bathroom. To begin with, it was spotless. It was a huge, luxurious space that I actually felt comfortable in. Most hotel bathrooms, even pretty nice ones, can make you feel kind of icky. The bathroom, completely done in travertine, offered a separate tub and shower, two sinks, tons of open shelving, a makeup mirror, towel warmer, bathrobes, plenty of plush towels, and an enclosed toilet area. The shower was phenomenal. It was so big you could have fit 5 people in there. The dual showerhead and high water pressure were heaven. And there was no drain to clog and leave you standing in a pool of water, because the shower uses a system that allows the water to run off the outside edges of the shower to a hidden drain below the floor.Check-in/checkout was an intimate, personal experience. The concierge was able to efficiently help us secure tickets to a show at the last-minute.The only disappointment was the spa. The treatment room for the massage had a clinical feel to it and the masseuse was sub-par. Perhaps I'm used to American spas, which focus mostly on pampering guests.Highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wondhols
<Content>A haven on the hill My husband and I spent our honeymoon here and it was wonderful. Beautifully located on Mt Tibidabo with great views of Barcelona. The team were great. I'd describe the service as discreet but warm and friendly. Loved the spa and the restaurant served glorious food. Not cheap though so take plenty of cash. Will definitley return.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing service! Amazing hotel! My husband and I just got back and we must say that we could not have been more pleased with the hotel and its service. Unfortunately, the airline lost all of our luggage but the hotel staff bent over backwards to make our time in Barcelona easy and utterly enjoyable nonetheless. In fact, our best meal in Barcelona was at the hotel's restaurant L'Orangerie. If you like small rooms and busy streets, stay in town. If you are looking for romance and world-class relaxation, stay at Gran Hotel La Florida.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anne7579
<Content>Spectacular hotel, disappointing service My husband and I booked this hotel as the start of our honeymoon. After getting quite lost trying to find the route to the hotel, we finally arrived at the hotel whose architecture and design are nothing short of breathtaking.The lobby was inviting, decorated with comfortable sofas and bright flowers. The gentleman who checked us in walked us around the hotel, showing us the restaurant, pool, and the sculpture pieces, it was nice to have an inviting welcome. Our room was amazing - corner view of the mountains and the eastern side of the city with huge, two-story windows that went nearly from floor to ceiling - while lying in bed we could see the lights of the city twinkling at night. I also would love to steal this hotel's decor for my own home - beautiful stone sinks and steam shower, beautiful bed linens, huge plasma tv....The pool was great - very chic, and most definitely not a place for kids. The panorama set before you is breathtaking and a great way to spend a relaxing afternoon. I ordered drinks which were fairly reasonably priced (for a 5* hotel). Other reviews complained of noise from the hotel's surroundings - the amusement park was closed the week of our visit, so I can't say how loud that was, but I never noticed any noise from traffic coming up the mountain.Our complaints came from the service. I tried to get recommendations for restaurants IN Barcelona for my birthday dinner - we didn't want to eat at the overpriced hotel restaurant plus we wanted to see the city - but the concierge sent us to this awful tourist-overrun place called Shoko - don't go there. After an awful dinner, we returned to the hotel and when I questioned the desk manager about checking out the next day, he told us we were booked for another night! I told him there must be a misunderstanding, I had told the clerk upon arrival we were staying 2 nights instead of 3, but the desk person was adamant and told us we would be charged for another night if we decided to leave. I was so infuriated!!! Even if it were a misunderstanding, he should have given me the benefit of the doubt! Apparently customer service is a new concept here. I left the lobby in tears, my birthday completely ruined, and went back to our room. The desk manager came to our door 10 minutes later with a curt apology, he had found the notice of our earlier departure in another file. I'm sorry, but that just didn't do it for me. If he wouldn't have found that paper, we would have had to foot the bill for another 300 euros!!!!We'd love to come back, but the staff needs some serious help.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Literally on top of the Hill!       The cots and teddy-bears were popular  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful Servie Really nice setting...but the service is so awful that its impossible to enjoy your stay. Service in the restaurant and pool bar is awful. The service in the spa is non-existent...and the overall reaction from management when we complained about the problems was complacent.I emailed the owners of the hotel (The Stein Group) upon my return and got no response...  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>livefully
<Content>Hotel is Stunning But What Service? The hotel is a stunning property. The rooms are expansive and comfortable. The shower was absolutely amazing. The views are spectacular and this is a good hotel if you are looking for some quiet.The service, on the other hand, is non-existent. Some of the staff try very hard while others totally ignore you. We were not allowed to order a salad from the pool menu at the main restaurant, even though they had no salads on their menu and it was 90 degrees. The table next to us at the restaurant was allowed to order from the pool menu. It was very confusing. Getting a simple sandwich at the pool had 1-2 hour wait. We could not get a table at the restauarant for two on Sat. night and were told we can sit and order from the pool menu (which is next to the restauarant). So we opted for room service, which was not any better. While we waited for over an hour for our food, they called us after 30-minutes if they can get the table? Anyhow, I have lots more stories like this. The hotel is gorgeous but it needs to have someone in charge who knows how to run a hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated, Overpriced For a hotel rated as 5* gran lux, I was expecting something truly outstanding from this hotel. Sadly, It let us down in a number of areas:* The beautful pool area is situated next to a road and not far from an amusement park, so your relaxation is constantly interrupted by traffic noise and distant screaming.* For a five star hotel, I noticed an astonishing number of maintenance oversights: cracked (and frankly dangerous) floor tiles, scratches and dirty marks on the walls of my room and various other problems.* The hotel is in the middle of nowhere - there's nothing around except the amusement park. Don't be fooled by the minibus service - it runs only 4 times a day and not at all in the evening. So you'll be stuck using the outrageously expensive bar and restaurant. 7 Euros for a glass of draft beer. 15 for a perfectly ordinary club sandwich. The restaurant charges michelin star prices without quality to match. Call me cynical, but I suspect the minibus not running in the evening is a ploy to keep you captive to their overpriced facilities.The view is awesome, but you'd be better off just taking the funicular railway up and taking a walk round than staying up here. Stick to the town instead - there's plenty of better hotels and you get to choose whatever bars and restaurants you want.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>native*texan*2005
<Content>WOW!! What a hotel!! What a gorgeous hotel! It's very close to the amusement park at Mount Tibadabo - don't let that fool you though - this is not a hotel for kids. Luxury doesn't describe it! Very sleek and modern. We spent an entire day relaxing by the stainless steel swimming pool. The pool area is terraced so it's fairly private and affords an unbelievable view of the city all the way to the coast. Despite the haze - we could see the cruise ships in port.We didn't eat at the restaurant but the pool menu was great - we had some American sandwhiches on day 12 of a 14 trip. It was marvelous!! The staff was very nice - there was one gentleman at the concierge who seemed a bit haughty. We were headed to Montserrat and he was really pushing the tour - which didn't meet our timing requirements. We ended up doing the train on our own and are so glad we did. It was marvelous! The hotel is a dream and a perfect, relaxing way to end a hectic vacation! Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdwest
<Content>Amazing views of Barcelona I stayed all-to-briefly at La Florida for business in June 2005. The views of Barcelona are spectacular. The hotel staff is extremely attentive, and the hotel itself is elegant.The lobby is set with red candles and trendly smooth jazz. During check-in, one is greeted with a welcome drink and a comfortable chair to sit. My colleague and I had requested deluxe rooms, and we were pleased to be upgraded to Jr. suites upon checkin! My room had a wrap-around balcony and a wonderful view of the city. I wish I had time to enjoy the spa. It looked very nice.Breakfast buffet was tasty, offering a nice variety of foods. Eggs, sausage, fruit, yoghurt, cereals, meats, cheese, and more.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven in the Hills After missing a train from Madrid and driving the five hours to Barcelona with a child, we were beat. We also got terribly lost looking for the hotel, as it sits atop a mountain, and the hour was getting late. Which makes finding this hotel all the better. What a treat. We got to our room, and breathed a collective sigh . The bathroom was beautiful and the shower could've fit 6. We were scheduled for three days and ended up canceling our other reservation and extended our stay for 7 nights. If you want to be in the middle of the hustle and bustle this hotel isn't for you. If you like the idea of a wonderful respite and choosing when you want to go into the city this is for you.The staff is 5 stars, from housekeeping to the bar to pool service to the front house. We had a room with a large deck area, totally private which was wonderful. We could order in and take it outside and have a lovely dinner alfresco in our fluffy robes. The pool is amazing, our son was in heaven with the outside/inside pool option. There was only one other family there, but it wasn't like the kids were doing cannon balls. They were all very behaved. I loved the tierred deck , the view, the spa facilities ( sauna etc..was wonderful after all the travel) . It's a mellow and relaxed vibe, and we felt totally refreshed and ready for our next leg of travel. Our last stay was the the Montage in Laguana Beach and the Ritz Carlton in Dana Point and this was better. Highly recommend, hope to be back soon!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place ... It would be unfair not to give this hotel an excellent rating due to the history and beauty of the place. It is stunning with amazing views over Barcelona etc. The hotel is only about 4km from the city centre and it will cost you around 15-20 Euros by Taxi each way (this varies a bit depending on the taxi driving and whether he decides to take for a roundtrip!) - although there is a free shuttle service at 12 noon  5pm each day (there may be one later also? ). The rooms and facilities are excellent and the stainless steel pool is the highlight. Staff were friendly and helpful. The thing to watch for is the food - we were disappointed by it - especially the soup of the day. I could have made a better soup with my eyes shut. I think they had boiled the kettle and put an OXO cube in and that was it. ;-) Prices are quite high also. For 2 people, expect to pay 50 Euros at breakfast and around 150 to 250 Euros for an evening meal (although the sky is the limit if you want the best wines/champagne). If you don't want to pay these prices, then your only a short way from the city where you can find just about everything. Overall, you can't fault the hotel, as it really is stunning. Well worth a visit.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mightyboosh
<Content>great place to relax We have just returned from a mid week break. We had a deluxe room with sea-view. The view is absolutely stunning if you get a corner room with 180 degrees of the cityscape. These views facing east get the morning sun. If you like sitting in the evening sun on your balcony then opt for the cheaper mountain view rooms. This is particularly pertinent as there didn't appear to be any public veranda getting the evening sun. the staff were extremely helpful and not at all snooty even though this is a top of the range hotel. the best thing has got to be the stainless steel pool with water outside maintained at 35 degrees. The only downside was that the cold water in the bathroom taps was never cold. Is this to get you to drink the overpriced water in the mini-bar? I would definitely return.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>James-and-Jenny
<Content>Almost, but not quite 5 stars! This review would have started with 5 stars had it not been for the restaurant. We were looking for luxury and pampering after two days of hustle  bustle in the centre of the city.We found it 鈥?the Gran Hotel La Florida, it is fantastic, situated way above the city at the top of Mount Tibidabo. The hotel has the most wonderful views of the city and the surrounding mountains. We had one of the best deluxe rooms in the hotel 311 鈥?two balconies both with amazing views. The room had the biggest bed, Plasma screen and every conceivable luxury you can imagine.The service was excellent throughout the hotel, cava and chocolate dipped strawberries delivered to the room, a bottle of water by each side of the bed every night, all this PLUS the weather report for the following day! The pool area was like a Hollywood nightclub complete with projected TV art, although the service at the pool bar was a little inconsistent. This hotel really is the best we stayed at 鈥?the only let down was the restaurant, the food did not live up to the descriptions on the menu 鈥?David Stein says that his group of hotels have 鈥渕eals that are exquisite, but not pretentious鈥?鈥?the food at L鈥橭rangerie restaurant in the hotel was extremely pretentious. However the lobby and room service food are excellent although the Patatas Bravas portions could have been a little more generous!Overall this hotel is amazing; the views make it extra special.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel It was our first visit to this hotel. It was fantastic - upon arrival, a member of staff showed us around the hotel and the spa facilities. By the time we finished our tour, our bags were already in our room - the lady proceeded to show us our room and wow! it was a breath taking view. As it was a valentines week-end there were many deals you could go for, however we opted for a deluxe room with a city view and it was worth it. The spa area was brilliant, the pool was great - the staff were great. Clean and to a very good standard. The food was out of this world. For a week-end to pamper yourself great... it is a bit further out of the city, but a taxi ride which took no more then 10 mins into the heart of the city. My advise - if you are going to visit the attractions, hop onto a tour bus, as they stop at the best places and you get discounts into the various attactions. All in all a fab Hotel!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>autoholic
<Content>Great Hotel, but a few drawbacks I booked this hotel through last minute.com (after consulting this site) and got a great price for Valentine's weekend. Upon our arrival we were informed that we'd been upgraded to the Japanese Suite, 1 of 8 designer suites with private facilities.The room and garden were truly amazing and made for a fantastic weekend. Sadly due to the location in the hotel of the room it didn't actually provide a view, except of the inside of the pool area and the carpark out front. But hey we wanted to visit the city and the view from the terrace made up for it. The price of drinks however was another matter, 13 Euros for 2 glasses of orange juice on our arrival put us off using the bar or the restaurant.Sadly the shuttle bus was out of service for the entire weekend, odd that it was back in service first thing Monday morning, and so every foray down the mountain had to be made by taxi. We went to the same destination 3 times by 3 different routes and 3 different charges. 1 guy even had the front to try to old double back routine on us taking us about a kilometre out of our way to try to bump the fare. I let him know he'd been rumbled as most taxi drivers speak English even if they don't let on. On average expect to pay between 15 - 18 Euros from/to Placa Catalyuna.As stated we avoided the bar etc due to the high prices and took our own drink into the room. We would have appreciated tea  coffee making facilites especially in the mornings, thank God for Starbucks. You would think that in a suite that has a listed rate of 1500 Euros per night you'd at least get a kettle.The pool area was great, it's made of stainless steel and has no deep end. The view from the pool over the city is amazing, especially as you dont have to get out of the water to see it. The pool door was closed but we, as others, ducked under to get outside.The staff I encountered were all very courteous, even the guy who came to check our mini bar at 22:35! and I can recommend this hotel. However I do suggest that bookings are made though a third party as the savings can be vast.I can say that I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Customers unwanted ! They don't answer two email request for a reservation, the online reservation system on the site doesn't work.I tried to book three rooms for two days, but I gave up/ don't want to spend any money there.They probably don't want customers, my advice to you ... respect their wishes. The service is probably the same, they'll forget about you the moment you paid.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boltontraveller
<Content>romantic hideaway Just returned from 2 days at the florida for my husbands birthday. We had a great time, we had a room upgrade and was given champage and chocolate strawberys. The spa is fantastic, take a swimsuit.The only downside is it is very quiet but we didnt mind that. The restaurant is very expensive our meal was 230 euros but it was good. It says there is a nightclub but it is only open during the week.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JuliaW
<Content>Fabulous Florida!   showReview(2947515, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An example to all boutique hotels.....   showReview(2819433, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TERRIBLY LOCATED   showReview(2780783, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moorrise
<Content>Stunning views, beautiful hotel.   showReview(2695679, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amanda00011
<Content>Pure Catalan pleasure....a "must stay" hotel   showReview(2500424, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feel Like a Princess   showReview(2461904, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TOTALLY LOVELY   showReview(2289001, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous and inviting -   showReview(2060641, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Far and Away   showReview(1492115, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Terminator
<Content>Hotel on the hill   showReview(1275887, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>turimutter
<Content>Durchgestylts Hotel mit affektierem Peronal       Room type: Deluxe Room  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>fredjousse
<Content>Un magnifique hotel avec une vue 脿 couper le souffle   showReview(22538680, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CVABarcelona
<Content>No pienso volver.   showReview(20933566, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>ore75
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(19366898, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s belle piscine, vue exceptionnelle sur Barcelone   showReview(19639651, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>miriam_ruru
<Content>Maravilloso hotel       habitacion  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super h么tel!   showReview(19639650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>harpoParis
<Content>une chambre de r锚ve       le parc d'attraction tr茅s proche de l'hotel  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellentes Hotel   showReview(15574027, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Besser als erwartet   showReview(15574026, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(13201048, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel ohne Wohlf眉hlcharakter   showReview(11314188, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einer der besten Hotels   showReview(11660610, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel incroyable !   showReview(11660609, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le piege...   showReview(11428927, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bcnmir
<Content>maravilloso   showReview(7539420, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein fantastisches Hotel mit einem super Service   showReview(11410993, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doriano
<Content>un des plus beau hotel de la ville               
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h么tel fantastique !   showReview(11377880, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gigantischer Ausblick 眉ber Barcelona   showReview(11377879, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un must 脿 Barcelone   showReview(11363800, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

