<Author>travellingmum0
<Content>faultless I recently spent an excellent two night break at Cremorne Point Manor. We had the top front room with a water view and what was wonderful was that we could open up the windows and feel the breeze and feel the fresh air unlike most other hotels where the windows are sealed. The king size bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was immaculate with a great shower head and spa bath and plenty of hot water . We enjoyed the complimentary bottle of wine on the front verandah where we could hear the monkeys from across the water at Tooronga Zoo. The continental breakfast was excellent with several choices of bread including a sourdough loaf, lots of cereal choices and skim milk was available for those of us trying to maintain some semblance of diet whilst also enjoying the restaurants of Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grantosphotos
<Content>Gorgeous Cremorne Point I stayed at the Cremorne Point Manor for 4 days whilst I attended a friend's wedding. I stayed in a single room (shared bathroom). No complaints about the hotel at all - my room was simple but clean; despite a shared shower (large, plentiful hot water and clean) I still had an ensuite toilet and hand basin; bed was comfortable; staff friendly and helpful; continental breakfast simple but tasty (what you need in an Aussie summer!). They were doing some minor renovations when I was there (probably finished by now) that did not intrude on my stay.My favourite aspect of the hotel is it's location - I've been to Sydney many times before and had no desire to stay in amongst it all. Cremorne Point is a gorgeous part of Sydney - a lovely harbourside walk, leafy, lovely houses, quiet (but there's plenty of shops within a short walk/bus ride), and yet only 10 mins to the CBD on the ferry (taking you past most of the famous Sydney sights!).  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jmac65
<Content>Old world charm with modern touches From the facade, the Cremorne point manor looks like something from another age. Old and imposing with long balconies which frame the facade. Inside it's a different story. The rooms are modern and sleek. The bathrooms simple but functional and the staff are lovely. This is a great little hotel in a secluded part of sydney. There is no hustle and bustle but all of that can be reached by a 10 minute ferry which drops you right in the centre of town. Also the ride over is the best $5 boat tour of sydney harbour, taking you past the opera house and the harbour bridge. fantastic hotel and very rasonable rooms (we stayed in the small but functional rear rooms). There was no A/C but they said the better rooms all had A/C. (shame I was being cheap)  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>corrigin
<Content>A part of Sydney disappearing elsewhere An excellent venue well maintained and a gem for a building the best part of 80 years old. Very convenient to the ferry wharf at Cremorne Point and thus an easy ferry ride across Sydney Harbour. No views from most rooms but wonderful views from the front balconies. Friendly and efficient but non obtrusive staff. A bit of a hike u the hill to shops and restaurants along Military Road but is an easy taxi ride. Walks abound adjacent - the best being a wonderful walk along the harbour along sealed paths behind large and well maintained houses. Wonderful all round.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>albie-joh
<Content>Awesome hotel. great location The hotel is located on a peninsula on the harbour, it's 10 minutes by ferry (or cab if you wish) from the centre of the city but it feels like it's another world. the rooms have been very nicely refurbished but the property is a beautiful turn of the century manor. I loved catching the ferry all around sydney and also liked the peace and quiet of the hotel. I'd only wished they had a bar as at night there isn't anything to do at the hotel itself and you have to go up the road to get a drink. overall a great little boutique hotel  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>numpty
<Content>suitcase space Cremorne is a picturesque spot with a lovely walk along the Mossman inlet, worth a visit in its own right.The bus to any shops or restaurants runs about every 30 minutes (be careful about finding the return bus stop from Military Road) and the ferry into Sydney is a treat in itself as you get to see the bridge and opera house every day as you travel with the poor commuters going to work, while you are on vacation.My only comment regarding the accommodation would be that Room 5 is a bit cramped if you have two or more suitcases. I cannot comment on the other rooms, but getting to open our bags was a challenge. I do not like putting cases on beds, especially the roll along type but here you have no alternative.Internet access was a plus and you will get to meet new friends at breakfast, because the sitting area is a bit of a squeeze, but overall a nice quite suburb.Two pieces of information that might be of use, it is a fairly steep climb from the ferry dock along Cremorne Road or from the nearest bus stop even with pull along bags, and the ferry from Circular Quay stops running at 19.30 on Sundays. This caught us out once which led to a very amusing taxi ride, where I had to direct the driver, I don't speak Chinese and he didn't speak English, so I had to charge him for the pleasure of our company by not paying the full fare.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Personalised attention with boutique charm My partner and I stayed at Cremorne Point Manor 3/25 through 3/27 prior to leaving on a 3 month vacation overseas. Despite being Sydney residents for over a year, we had never discovered this secluded waterview location just minutes away from the CBD.We booked a Queen ensuite room and were upgraded to Room 15 with views of the water and surrounds. There were thoughtful touches throughout the room - an umbrella, complimentary water, DVD player and a very luxurious queen bed. We were able to walk out of our room onto the first floor verandah, where it was lovely to sit and watch the world go by. We ordered Crust Gourmet Pizza (Neutral Bay) and they delivered two delicious pizzas for us to enjoy one of our two nights there.Service was fautless and staff were always on hand, but never intrusive. The property is a lovingly restored terrace style dwelling. As such, there are no lifts, but we had no trouble with the one flight of stairs to our room. Bathrooms have been added to the majority of rooms in modern times - they are small, but well appointed and very functional. If you are after the touches of home with a professional concern, and want to be away from the hustle and bustle of Sydney, I would certainly recommend this property to you.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>wollygirl
<Content>Cremorne Point - A Welcome Surprise Trying to get a room in Sydney CBD the weekend after Valentines Day proved impossible - there was little available, and what was had inflated prices, but I wanted to take my hubby somewhere special for his birthday. I saw Cremorne Point Manor in Wotif.com.au and thought I would give it a go. Even though the description was great, I was still quite reserved - I have stayed in places that look fantastic over the web, but actually end up being rat traps in real life. To my surprise, Cremorne Point Manor met and exceeded my expectations. Directions to the Manor were spot on and the on-street parking was a real bonus (as opposed to $30+ for valet arking in the CBD). Check in was good and we were totally blown away by the quality of the king spa suite. The room rate was very competetive at $229, and I didn't even realise that this included a bottle of bubbly, some chocolates and breakfast! The facilities in the room were great - right down to chilled champagne glasses. There was even an IPOD dock to set up some mood music in the room. The highlight for us was the massive ensuite containing a shower big enough to house a footy team, and the awesome spa! We had one of the most relaxing stays away from home ever!The other big bonus was the location - the trip across the harbour on the ferry was so perfect! We live 2 hours from Sydney and visit the CBD fairly regularly but I have never stayed in this area before. Our stay at Cremorne Point Manor helped us discover another wonderful and absolutely charming side of a sometimes overwhelmingly busy city. Thankyou Cremorne Point Manor!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>roseyfam
<Content>Great for families Arrived in Sydney early for a family weekend getaway - parked directly opposite the hotel and enjoyed the 2min walk to ferry. Checked in after an exhausting day - provided with free dvds for the kids from reception- which they enjoyed while we took advantage of the great view from the balcony while we enjoyed drinks and nibbles. Family room excellent - separate room for the kids with own tv - rooms a little small but configuration great. Furnished beautifully with supremely comfy beds. Gorgeous walks at the doorstep - ferry so convenient - minutes to the city - McCallum pool great to cool off in and enjoy the view. Breakfast area a little crowded but great selection of cereals, juice, toast, tea and coffee (even cocoa pops!). Lovely to have accommodation with character in a safe and quiet location only minutes from the city where children are welcomed. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MCRAD
<Content>Bonuses Galore Landed in Sydney at midday and were welcomed to Cremorne Point Manor earlier than normal check in time. Bonus No 1.Just dropped our bags and headed out for a meal and to meet with family. Back to CPM after 11.00pm - front door open and lights on but not a sound. Slept so peacefully. Bonus No 2.Up for breakfast - including gluten free foods. Bonus No 3.A full day of walking from this extraordinarily placed accommodation - walked around Cremorne Point along the waterline to Neutral Bay, up through Milsons Point, over the Bridge (always looking back to Cremorne Point), to the Observatory, and then to Darling Harbour. Lunch at Nick's - best seafood in town - and then ferry back home. Bonus No 4Our hosts were very helpful with getting internet cables for our personal use. Bonus No 5. We were able to ring family around Australia for no cost. Bonus No 6. With CPM being very clean, very well run and offering extras like the book exchange, our experience was very happy. We had a queen manor room which was a bit of a squeeze but acceptable certainly. Being used to spaces on a farm, anything would probably be a squeeze for us.Thanks CPM. We'll be back again and certainly happy to recommend you to everyone else.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NorthernCross
<Content>For the Discernign Traveller! Amongst the reviews for this hotel I was surprised to see a negative one. We returned to this hotel in January so we must have been satisfied! If you want 4/5 star accommodation then go to a 4/5 star place. This hotel does not pretend to be that kind of place but offers everything the discerning traveller needs at a very acceptable price. The rooms are perfectly clean and comfortable with en suite shower and toilet. The breakfast room though small is adequate. The free internet and free local phone calls are a bonus. The fact that you have to use the ferry to reach Sydney Central Business District at AU$3.30 a trip (if you buy a Harbour Ten ticket) is frankly a bit of a bonus for the sheer pleasure of commuting on Sydney's iconic harbour ferry across the most beautiful harbour in the world. The ferry landing is less than 5 minutes walk away and the trip takes only 5-10 minutes direct to Circular Quay. It offers a pleasant stay in a North Sydney Harbour side Suburb away from the hustle and bustle - but near enough. Lovely walk round Mosman Bay and the Cremorne Reserve. Would recommend this inextravagant hotel to anyone  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>MissyMelbourne
<Content>Sydney Harbour Gem On very short notice I had to travel to Sydney and had nowhere to stay so I searched for small boutique hotels and found the Cremorne Point Manor. It was absolutely fantastic - the atmosphere was pleasant and relaxing, the staff were polite and helpful and the room very clean, nicely appointed and comfortable- a home away from home. I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel for people who do not want the brash impersonal ambience of a large hotel since the ferry to the city is a few minutes walk away.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jonathanthebrituk
<Content>What a lovely place to stay. What a lovely place to stay. On my last trip to Australia I stayed at a 鈥淏ig Chain, Big name鈥?hotel. The previous hotel may of had unlimited in house movies, but it provided no in house personality. However at Cremorne Point manor I was charmed by the staff, not only on my first greet- but throughout my stay. Even the breakfast staff greeted me with that Warm Australian charm, and advised me on places to visit that would excite a local. Well done Cremorne Point Manor, and see you next year!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Gordon_Bennet_senior
<Content>Avoid Cremorne Point Manor From the middle of December to the middle of January we stayed in twelve establishments ranging from the Hilton (AU$180/night)  Marriott (AU$220/night) to a pub (AU$80/night).We booked a room at the Cremorne Point Manor because the web site led us to believe that this place is 鈥渟omething special鈥? If only this were true. It was the most expensive and worst 鈥渉otel鈥?(or rooming-house) that we stayed in stayed in during our month long visit to Australia. So to the facts: My wife and I were charged AU$1465.00 for a five night stay over the New Year period for a King Size 鈥渆n suite鈥?room. And this is what we got:鈥?The room鈥檚 original dimensions were 3.2m x 4m (10.5ft x 16ft). Into one corner of this was built the 鈥渆n suite鈥?which measured 1m x 2.5 m (3ft x 7.5). 鈥?The room was furnished with a king size bed; a double wardrobe 0.5m x 2m ; one chair; one low chest of drawers; and a single bed (not requested  under the only windo into the room.) but it did give us a place to put our suitcases. The distance between the left side of the bed and the wall was 0.5m (18inches) likewise the foot of the bed and the wardrobe.鈥?The 鈥渓uxury en suite鈥?consisted of a toilet, wash-basin and shower. It had a sliding door hung on the outside of the partition wall. There was a tiny fitted unit under the basin for the hairdryer and spare loo roll but no horizontal surfaces on which to put one鈥檚 toiletries bag, except the floor. The shaving light switch was broken, but could be made to work by waggling it. The vaunted luxury cosmetics were the usual cheap hotel variety.鈥?The flat screen TV hung untidily on the wall immediately outside the shower/toilet, with all the sockets and cables exposed below.鈥?The left-hand side of wardrobe had four shelves, one of which held the small refrigerator plugged into a multipoint extension, and another the kettle and tea making items were located on shelves in the wardrobe and the kettle had to be boiled in side it. On the other side hanging space was very limited, with the clothes facing outwards.鈥?The room furnishings were generally tired looking. The carpet was grey with a one inch rectangular grid of whitish spots.鈥?The breakfast that was provided was a DIY affair, consisting of fruit juice (small tumblers); sliced bread  a toaster; cereals  milk; tea /coffee (good) and a bowl of tinned fruit cocktail that some times had some fresh fruit added to it. On the 2nd of January the uneaten tinned peaches were put out for a second day.The breakfast 鈥渞oom鈥?is an area of about 10 square meters into which are crammed 9 small tables and 18 chairs. It is located at the back of the first floor. There are no views. Movement between the breakfast bar  any table could only be achieved with difficulty. Remember that there are 30 rooms in this establishment!鈥?The only communal seating area was on the two verandas overlooking the road or around three garden type tables and chairs put in the back courtyard.So was there anything good about it? Yes the location.Would I ever stay there again? No.Overall conclusion: This is a large rooming house putting itself forward as a bijou hotel and failing miserably while charging 5 star prices.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>amdsg
<Content>Nice and perfectly located boutique hotel.       the hotel  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>greenshoot7
<Content>A Great Place What a great place to stay  relax. Close to the city but still quiet  comfotable. The owners have done a magnificent job refurbishing the Manor. Would recommend to anyone wanting an enjoyable comfortable place to stay while exploring the city.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Worldtraveller076
<Content>Awesome Location Definately recommend this place. I stayed here and had a great time. The location was unbeatable, short ferry trip to the city and fantastic walks close by. The room met our needs and the breakfast was a great inclusion. I will definately stay here again, next time I will try the King Spa suite.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hawth_and
<Content>Victorian Mansion, meets Today This hotel is really a gem, it's set in an old victorian mansion with modern rooms. it's a little old fasioned with stairs going up and down (you'll see if you stay), but they have renovated the rooms to a great modern standard. The are is very quiet and it's easy to get to the city via ferry. (there is a photo posted by another user of the little ferry). My only gripe is they seem to have rooms ranging from the very cheap to the expensive so they tend to make breakfast for the collective. Overall a great experience and would be happy to recommend.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>liz_Def
<Content>Secret haven on sydney harbour       The facade  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hartmann
<Content>Great boutique hotel The Manor is an excellent hotel in cremorne sydney. which is about 10 minutes from the city by ferry. (also by car). I stayed in a normal double room which was a little small but had everything i needed. The beds are excellent and the bathrooms are clean and bright. They have lots of extra's like free internet, free phone calls, breakfast included, great toiletries. It's a small hotel maybe about 20 rooms and it's got a wonderful friendly atmosphere. Much better than stale boring corporate hotels. also a nice alternative to staying in the city itself. The are is a very quiet residential area  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>naej
<Content>It justs get better and better. I have stayed at CPM many times over the past 6 years. With the recent renovations the experience of staying in a guest house that was built so long ago now borders on fantastic. This last trip I was so excited about the free internet and free national phone calls. I find the location exceptional as I love going into the city by ferry. This is my home away from home when I visit Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>finbarr_in_z
<Content>Peace in the city A lovely location. Ideal for the ferry that runs to the early hours (ignore what the taxi drivers say), and it's only about 5 mins walk to it. The views from the ferry every day are amazing and it costs peanuts to cross. The peace  quiet in the area of the hotel is amazing. Beautiful building as well, with oh so tasteful bedrooms. Only fault would be that the breakfast area looks a little shabby, but the food was fine.I'd definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PookiePerth
<Content>Lovely hotel We flew over from Perth for the week to attend a relative's wedding, having not been to Sydney for ten years. With friends and relatives living on Sydney's North Shore, the location of Cremorne Point Manor was perfect. In addition, with its close proximity to the ferry, the city was also only ten minutes away, and so too was the Opera House and Sydney's shopping precinct. The CPM is located on a quiet street, with views of Sdney Harbour from the front verandah. The quiet, picturesque setting was most relaxing after busy days on foot; we even found ourselves reading our books on the verandah with the harbour as a backdrop - what a privilege! We found our room to be most comfortable, with modern amenities and a sizeable bathroom. The common areas of the manor had been beautifully fitted-out, with aboriginal art on display. The staff were very helpful and knowledgeable about the area, providing insights on local walkways around the foreshore. They were also helpful in organising us taxis. The one gripe we had were the lack of restaurants in close proximity, thereby requiring public transport to travel. Despite this gripe, we recommend this accommodation to prospective tourists to Sydney.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Yodaleyet
<Content>Horrible If you enjoy staying in a 1950's Hostel and paying 2007 prices you'll love this place.This establishment advertises wireless internet access..it wasn't working.No phone in the room. (I know, I didn't believe it either)No view No room in the room .tiny, very cramped and stuffy. Had to fight to get the window open.No air conditioning (Sydney can get really hot)No doubt there are other rooms to be had for twice the price here but for what we paid, $129 a night, I would expect at least to be able to communicate with the outside world.This place is hopeless, avoid it unless you love throwing money away on substandard accommodation.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>sunshinenm
<Content>Fabbo stay at Cremorne Point Manor I had a wonderful 2 night stay at this hotel. Nice rooms and a great location. Also the hosts, Justin  Matt, made my stay memorable, they were very welcoming. I will definately be back!!!!Beautiful part of Sydney, right near the harbour. Nice breakfast every morning too.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ROVINGREL
<Content>Loved the CPM I am a Sydney resident but recently, because of house renovations, I had to stay 2 nights in a hotel. I wanted something reasonably priced with good access to the city and in a quiet location. I was recommended Cremorne Point Manor by a friend who has used the hotel in the past. As my experience of the smaller boutique hotel is negligible (I have been a 5 star city slicker during my working life) I was not sure what to expect. From the moment I arrived I was delighted! The engaging Justin greeted me on arrival and escorted me to my room. I chose a groundfloor double room (can be twin) with ensuite with shower and bath. My room was delightful - modern, spotlessly clean, crisp white linen, great bed, comfy couch, fridge, coffee / tea making facilities (and bikkies) and a gorgeous brand new bathroom. The hotel has recently had a complete update and the lovely federation architecture is now happily blended with modern very comfortable furnishings. I particularly like the original aboriginal paintings thatfeature on the walls of the hallways and sitting rooms - all telling stories of the dreamtime. I also loved the native birds (includingWhite Cockatoos) that dine at the bird feeders hung on the front balconies. Breakfast was highly enjoyable - I met my other host, Mathew, who is a charming Englishman and I also met 2 Canadian girls who had been travelling around Australia. I certainly would not have had the pleasure of their conversation in a large hotel. The actual breakfast consisted of cereal, fresh fruit and juices, toast , tea and coffee. An extra attraction for me was the harbour footpath that is accessed by steps opposite the hotel. The pathway runs right on the foreshores of the harbour and gives breathtaking views - the ferry service to the city is only a 5 minute stroll away. I spent Sunday morning walking along this footpath with an occasional stop for a coffee or just to soak up the view. I shall definately be using this hotel again ! P.S. the hotel also has a well equipped kitchen and laundry.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kiwi-world-tripper
<Content>Lovely hotel, Relaxing and quiet I stayed at the Cremorne Point manor last month and I truly enjoyed the experience. they have remodeled the rooms and mine had a new plasma TV as well as new furniture and bathroom. The price was very reasonable at $90 per night. I highly recommend the hotel to anyone wanting to be near the city but not be in it. The ferry only takes 10 minutes to the city which is excellent  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Spot On our visit to Sydney we stayed at the Cremorne Point Manor. It was perfect for what we were after. A friendly and comfortable hotel in a picturesque neighbourhood. We especially enjoyed the ferry ride into the city and being able to have our car with us made it very conveniant for the rest of the trip. The staff were very helpful and i apprecaite their assistance.I cannot think of anywhere I have stayed in sydney where you can get views like that in the proximity to the city with friendly staff at such a good price. Thanks againI would highly reccomend this hotel to fellow travelers.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scotsrhino
<Content>Not the best The hotel is OK, but the family room is not worth the extra. The whole place could do with a lick of paint and a good clean. Staff not very helpful and breakfast is a nightmare! If you font have a car you should go elsewhere as shops/food a long way off if no more ferries that day.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JacobSchwartz
<Content>Great little hotel. Fantastic location. I stayed at the Cremorne point manor last week and had an excellent time. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I arrived by ferry, which is only 1 stop and about 10 minutes from the central ferry quay, and though it's a decent 300 yard walk from the ferry stop it's not that difficult unless you have very large bags. There is also a bus stop nearby.The hotel is located on a peninsula in one of the swanky neighbourhoods of Sydney and all around the views are amazing. My room didn't have a view as I was in one of the cheaper single rooms. But there is a shared balcony which is perfect for sitting and watching the boats on the harbour. I'm sure in summer it would be really nice but it was a little cold when I was there.As far as gripes, the rooms are small and are a little dated, but the cost (my room cost AU$90 per night) certainly makes up for this. I spoke to the managers who told me they were renovating the rooms and should have most of them completed by the summer, however my room was still the old room with old style furniture.I didn't spend much time in my room so it didnt matter, some of the rooms do have a harbour view but they of course cost more.Included in the room rate is a simple but decent breakfast. They have cereal, coffee, tea, toast and fuit. It's served on a rear veranda which is enclosed during winter. I read a previous review about the hotel serving instant coffee and it concerned me, however I can safely say they now serve decent perculator coffee. It's not bacon and eggs but my cholesterol probably can do without them anyway.The hotel is very quiet and in a residential area, I was happy with the location but if you were looking for action this is not the place for you. The ferries run until midnight and busses I think run most of the night but you have to go into the city for bars and clubs, nevertheless there are restaurants about 20 minutes walk away. If you had a car there is street parking but no parking in the hotel.All in all an excellent stay and a nice quiet hotel. I recommend this place for anyone looking for great value and wanting to stay close to the city but not in it.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DougCramer
<Content>Great Location (but basic) Rooms are clean, very old fashioned, just adequate. breakfast is ceral, toast coffee TeaStaff are friendly, a little bit disorganised, but they try. (our room wasnt ready when we got there and had to wait while it was cleaned at 3pm) TV's are a bit iffy.I would stay there again the location is great. Where else at these prices are you going to get accommodation in Inner Sydney on the edge of the harbour.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mercury50
<Content>Big disappointment The building and location are both wonderful but the 'wonderful' ends here. This was our 7th visit to Sydney and the only time we have been really disappointed with our accommodation. We were in room No. 26 which was supposed to be one of the 'better rooms' it was uncomfortable in a shabby but not unclean sort of way badly in need of a refurb especially the bathroom. The $140 per night rate included complimentary breakfast. The breakfast room was the most uninspiring eating place ever - cheap chairs , table covered with oil cloth, coffee was 'nescafe' in a paper tube with hot water from an urn. One of the things we like most about Australia is the fantastic coffee everywhere. Hugely disappointing - don't be fooled by the lovely photograph of this lovely looking federation building. You can stay in Sydney at the Travel Lodge Wynyard where the staff and service are infinately better and the location excellent near Circular Quay much cheaper.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kauai744
<Content>First time okay, second attempt not I stayed first in 2002, in a small non-view single. Quaint, somewhat comfortable, communal kitchen, no a/c, nice staff and beautiful Cremorne Point location. We were planning to stay again this month (Feb 06), and had made a reservation for a queen room, while being on request for a view room. After asking several times during the 2+ months we had the reservation, and finding the view never available, we changed to Quay West Suites (a separate reiew), where we obtained a great last minute rate. We cancelled at Cremorne one week prior to our arrival (their deadline is 72 hours), and received an email response thanking me for my email, cancelling our reservation, but stating that clearly as a small business they were disappointed to have held the room for us thus making it unavailable to others for this period.Given that we cancelled well within their policy, I find the response unprofessional and inappropriate.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catterbutts
<Content>Location outweighs any shortcomings       Cremorne Pont Ferry  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KitKat59
<Content>This is a budget Hotel? No, no way better than budget!       The Cremorne Point Manor  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dreadful family room! we stayed at cremorne point manor over the christmas /new yr period . this was our last stop after travelling around new zealand and australia .i was totally disappointed at the family room we were given. we would have left immediately but everywhere decent was fully booked.i would say in cremorne point manor's defence that the visitor book made for impressive reading and providing you are in an upstairs room you may be ok.down in the family rooms quarter it makes for less pleasant reading. it would seem i was not alone in thinking the accomodation was sub standard as other 'parents' had also been having a whinge , and a child had chosen to write his mothers comments in the visitors book. our particular room had no view, we were aware of this when we booked, but the room was filthy and smelly and had clearly not been cleaned properly for some time. the sheets were threadbare and had several holes in them. our bed was quite honestly past it , the worst bed i have had the misfortune to sleep on, and believe me when i say i was unsure about laying on it. the springs boinging every time you turned over. it had completedly collapsed and was held up by a lump of wood ..basically it was fit for the dump.the kitchen was supposed to be fuctional. the cupboard door came off in my hand when i went to put something away... the cold tap stopped working in the bathroom. i would strongly urge no family to book here as the proprietors obviously feel that as children will be staying in the room , substandard accomodation is acceptable. they clearly have not maintained the room for several years.breakfast was quite a drawn out exercise. basically there were not enough chairs in the small area , and with only one table for four you would be lucky if you could sit together , alternatively you would have to keep popping back to see if there was any room.the outside of cremorne point manor looked fresh and inviting ...families beware!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TillyTycehurst
<Content>Fantastic value for money I stay at the Cremorne Point Manor every time I return home to Sydney from the UK. My stays range from weeks at a time, to a few nights here and there. I would not stay anywhere else in Sydney because this accommodation is value for money and so handy to the city and the Harbour, which is about a 4 minute walk away. From here you can enjoy an 8 minute ferry crossing to the City - a completely indulgent mode of transport. Why not order a water-taxi to collect you from the Wharf for that special night out? All available just a stone's throw from the Manor. In addition there is a beautiful harbourside walk accessed from opposite the hotel, good for jogging, walking or taking a sandwich to watch the waves lap the shore. The owner/managers at Cremorne Point are very friendly and helpful, even to the point of taking some of my frozen meals home to their own fridge when I had over-provided. There is a kitchen equipped with basic facilities, which also provides an opportunity to meet up with fellow travellers at the end of a great day. There is a wonderfully quiet patio area to enjoy a drink before heading for the city for dinner. Remember, this is a 'budget' accommodation and therefore should not be expected to provide 5 star facilities, and the reason I love staying here is for its proximity to the City and, because it is not in the heart of tourist-land, it is in the middle of one of North Shores' most prestigeous suburbs. It is clean, quiet and one of the best kept secrets on the holiday circuit, wonderful for any visitor (old or new).  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Davephin
<Content>Fantastic location! My wife and I stayed at the Cremorne Point Manor in early October 2004. It was in the middle of a heat wave (38 C one day!) and though the hotel does not have air conditioning, there were plenty of fans and we were never uncomfortable. Aside from that, our stay here was great. The location, on the north side of the harbour between Torango Zoo and Kiribilli Point, was incredible. It's just a short walk from the ferry terminal and an 8 minute ferry ride from Circular Quay. Some of the rooms have views of the harbour and harbour bridge. My wife and I absolutely LOVED the ferry rides to and from the city in the mornings and evenings. Looking around at the commuters it was hard not to be jealous of the people for whom this is a daily routine. The hotel rooms were on the small side but very comfortable and quiet. The owners and their staff were an absolute pleasure to deal with. Next time I'm in Sydney, I will stay here for sure.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not very child friendly Arrived on my own with 8 month old baby, in 30 degree c plus heat. I had booked a single room, but was shown to the tiniest of cupboards. Not very practical for me + baby. Limited help with bags. Had to ask for a second fan due to excessive heat. Was given one that barely worked, so had to ask again. Not helped with stroller down steps. At breakfast was given a dirty high chair. Had to ask twice for it to be cleaned. Was from then on blanked by the 2 managers - clearly i'm a troublemaker! When leaving, no help with bags again, and manager walked straight past me when i was waiting to leave, without even saying goodbye. Nice setting, close to ferry. Service and attitude very poor.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dragonfly013
<Content>Incantevole vista sulla baia   showReview(21748082, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

