<Author>DolphinD
<Content>Absolutely quiet This has got to be one of the most, if not THE most wonderfully noise-free hotels I have ever stayed in!! I am a very frequent traveler, at least 70 nights in hotels in 2008, and I advise: Ignore the negative reviews of this hotel because apparently the hotel has been renovated: my room looks sparkling new and is VERY quiet. Specifically, I cannot hear any sounds whatever coming from other rooms (like people taking showers, bathroom exhaust fans, and the usual annoyances that I usually hear in any hotel). Special mention of the heating/ cooling unit that is over by the window. Wonderfully, it is usually OFF yet it keeps the room at the right temperature. It just comes on a couple of minutes every hour or so; and I can adjust it up or down as I please so the temperature feels perfect for me. At many hotels, even very expensive ones, they have an exhaust fan running all the time, or the unit is always on with a fan, and this is incredibly annoying. Whoever designed this hotel's renovation should be hired everywhere. I can see part of the airport runway from my room, yet I can't hear any planes taking off our landing. This room is quiet, Quiet, QUIET. I got curious and read the notebook in the room about local restaurants and so on (there are a few nearby). And in reading about the hotel, I see that this hotel has a honeycomb construction which the hotel modestly claims is one of the quieter hotels by the airport. I am not sure if 'honeycomb' refers to the kind of insulation in the walls, or the form of the construction, though to me (I knocked in the walls to check) it feels like the walls of my room are made of solid concrete. In any case, this room is so quiet, and that made for some very peaceful rest!I would add special praise for the nice woman who answered the phone when I called from the airport to request the shuttle, and who checked me in when I arrived. She was a true professional and so kind and courteous. Do not expect the other trappings of a luxury hotel (besides the nice room like the one I have). This is a budget hotel: the lobby is small and not for lingering, just for getting checked in, the free hot breakfast is fine to take care of the needs of a family feeding their kids, the pool is tiny (and outdoors, so forget about that if it's not summer), and the exercise room is tiny. But in my opinion, this hotel is an outstanding choice for a peaceful overnight sleep just a short ride from the Seattle airport.I know this review sounds like a wild rave. But I have stayed in too many hotels, including big luxury properties, where there is always this or that noise to annoy me. If hotel room noise is your pet peeve, stay here, as it won't bother you.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cinnam0n
<Content>Would definitely stay again! I always stay at a Hampton Inn when I travel for work, they are clean, the breakfast is a great convenience, and I love the free internet. I was wary of this hotel due to some of the reviews I have read, and was pleasantly surprised that this is one of the best that I have stayed at. The renovations seemed complete, my room was completely redone, a little small but nicely furnished and the bathroom was great. Staff great as usual and it was very quiet. The location is great for the airport, but food choices are few and far between. Would definitely stay here again if I need to be close to the airport.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Triplewin
<Content>No "10" Here Location is close to the airport. Seatac area is not the greatest. There are a few restaurants around (see my review of 13 coins). This property is at the tail end of a remodel. Upon arrival the entire lobby was torn apart and the front desk was relocated to a small desk by the front door. Needless to say check in was not as efficient as it should have been.Rooms have been totally remodeled. My room still had quite a punch list. The furniture was not completely assembled and already scuffed, wires protruding through a hole in the workstation, shower head was leaky鈥he bed was great and I appreciate the new layout of the workstation and the flat screen TV. The bathroom has a shower only but the water was hot and a few punch items remained in the bathroom.The first night there was some confusion at the front desk with room assignments where they gave a guest a key to my room twice鈥inally the front desk came up and was surprised to find me. Duh! Overall it was comfortable. New bed, linens and towels help.The location is near the airport so you can get some aircraft noise. I am sure it is no better at any of the other properties in the area. Once the remodel is finished I am sure your stay would be better.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>cleanfreak_8
<Content>I think it was a fluke but, Upon entry I saw the bathroom garbage full  a dirty towel thrown over the shower curtain. Then I noted spider webs and dust every where, no coffee for the coffee pot , later, a huge puddle of water under the heater/ac...... the husband went out and informed the desk clerk of the water problem, resulting in the clerk saying he would be right in-- I finally went out to find the clerk to see where he was, after waiting for over an hour for him. The lady clerk said oh, he went home, that is always wet and we don't know why it's wet. Then the icing on the cake ...no sheets on the bed!! I saw in the am that the window was leaking FYI. It was the last room, so we stayed---I do not think it is the norm for Hampton--but it was an interesting stay, to say the least!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fig_mar
<Content>Best Hamption Inn I have stayed at My wife and I spent one night at the inn prior to our flight out the next morning. This is the best Hampton Inn I have ever stayed out. The rooms were perfect. The breakfast in the morning was just great. Free wireless Internet to boot. There was free shuttle to and from the airport every 10-15 minutes. Give this hotel a chance.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>kj6vx
<Content>Great Value  We stayed at the Hampton Inn following our Alaska cruise. We wanted to tour the Boeing plant. My wife made a reservation with a local tour business that botched the reservation. We told the front desk manager, Mirsela, who immediately called an alternative tour company and booked us right away.John and Tim the shuttle drivers drove us to the airport and restaurants and gave us the lay of the land. They went out of their way to make us feel right at home.There is a very nice park and lake right accross the street from the hotel that is great for kids and a nice walk..The hotel is going through a make over but was easy to work around. The hotel features FREE WI-FI and a FREE Computer in the lobby. We ate two breakfasts and they were both satisfying and filling.I am not sure what the other reviewer thought he would hear being near the airport but the airplanes did stop in the late evening. The walls are cement and we had no trouble sleeping.They also offer FREE USA Today AND Wall Street Journal.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dforce
<Content>The only good thing was the housekeeper!       Non-smoking two queen bed room  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>hbyerly
<Content>Give it a pass until the fall This hotel was easily the worst Hampton Inn I've ever stayed at. The layout is odd (elevator is down a long hallway of rooms from the front desk), and the rooms are older and have pressboard furniture. There's no fridge or microwave.Major renovations to the property (everything except the beds)have just begun and are scheduled to go on through August.On a positive note, the staff are very nice, and the shuttle driver (Tim) was outstanding. There are no walkable restaurants in this iffy neighborhood, but Tim drove me to a nearby restaurant and waited for me to get take out to bring back to the hotel.I paid $130 at this hotel, and it was too much. Given that the staff seem great, it may be a good place once renovations are complete, but I'd give it a miss until then.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Tagline
<Content>Breakfast a cut above The breakfast was much better than the typical continental at most chains. The breakfast room is set lower and away from the desk traffic and is pleasingly furnished with landscape views from the windows. There was a hotel employee continually cleaning and refilling the available items, and who also would discreetly handle obnoxious or unruly guests. They offered sausage, eggs, English muffins, biscuits, bagels, yogurt, cerealas, toaster waffles, fresh fruit, juices, and a choice of three coffee brews. Copies of USA Today are available for your morning read.The front desk was helpful, even though they were busy. They procured an inexpensive cab for us in under ten minutes and were prompt with their airport shuttle.The room was clean, well furnished, and the bed was extremely comfortable. I was concerned about the reviews regarding jet or traffic noise, but could not detect any such noise from my room. With the air conditioner running, I could not hear any outside noises.The price for all of this was less than you would pay for comparable chain hotels.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>delmar60
<Content>As usual, the best!! This hotel is clean, well managed and has all a tired traveller wants. The rooms are huge, bed is to die for (love those Hampton beds) and they get breakfast out at 5.00AM!! The front staff got us a private car for 20.00 less than a taxi to get us to the train station!!Will stay again!! Thanks Willie!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sparks07
<Content>Not as good as other Hampton Inns We stayed at this hotel on route to and from Mexico - Dec. 16th and 27th. Although we had confirmed a rate prior to arrival, they wanted to charge us a higher rate. We stood our ground and received the rate we had been quoted. They were very disorganized and it took a great deal of time to check in. We wanted adjoining rooms and at first were given adjoining rooms with one on the 1st and 4th floors. I guess we forgot to say that we wanted them to adjoin to each other!! It took forever for them to pick us up at the airport on our return and when we checked in they charged us two different rates for our rooms. Again, they made the change but you had to be vigilant and check your bill carefully. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was ok but not as good as other Hamptons we have used. I would prefer to stay at the Hampton Inn near the South Centre Mall the next time we are flying out of Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ultimatetravelking
<Content>Duck and Cover! Here comes another jet through the room!!! I had a jet fly through my room every 10 minutes. The loudest one was at 5:15 am. I gave up on sleeping then. They just kept coming.This is an older property. Probably early 1970's. The neighborhood must have been much nicer back then too. The location has gone down hill.The bed was extremely small, but reasonably comfortable. One roll over on either side and you would have fallen off.There were stains in the bathroom from the years of wear. Not dirty, just very old. A black streak here and black flecks there.The front desk was nice.Very close to the airport.The breakfast was okay.I did like being able to buy a Coke out of the machine for the bargain price of $.75 per 12 ounce can!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>TravelCubed_7
<Content>Great Seattle Welcome at the Hampton Inn Sea-Tac Stayed at the Hampton Sea-Tac for one night prior to an Alaskan cruise. This Hampton had probably the best and friendliest service of any hotel I've ever stayed at.The hotel is near the airport, obviously, and offers a free shuttle between it and the airport and restaurants and shopping near it. At the airport shuttle drop off/pick up area, I just had to use the free shuttle telephones and dial 46 (I think, or 43) to ring up the Hampton. They confirmed my reservation and sent out the shuttle. It arrived about 10 minutes later. The shuttle driver, Tim, was very friendly and had a fun personality. He also took us to a restaurant later and when we called, he picked us up within 10 minutes.We also used the shuttle the following morning to go back to the airport and then take the cruise transfers to the pier.The front desk was also very friendly and outgoing. Check in was quick and so was check out. The desk will give you a map showing nearby restaurants if you ask. You can also ask for a complementary bottled water.The hotel itself was clean and well kept. The amenities were standard Hampton. The complementary breakfast was also standard Hampton, though it lacked fruit unlike others. The food was kept up only by one elderly man who had a hard time keeping up.Overall, I recommend the hotel highly. I had read that the area was so-so and was a bit afraid to stay here after that but the area looked fine to me.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>minot_1997
<Content>Nice layover hotel Nice hotel to rest at for a layover, not far from aiport. Had a nice pool to relax in. Had no complaints.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Capital Culture
<Content>Perfect for airport convenience I arrived from the East Coast and was unable to continue my onward travel same day, so I stayed at this inexpensive airport location. It's so close that the airport shuttle arrives very quickly after contacting the hotel on the free phone.I was a little nervous when I saw that my room was next to the fitness center, but no one was being ambitious enough to exercise; so I had a quiet stay.If you simply need a place to sleep near the airport, this hotel is just fine.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hooten
<Content>Not very quiet, but ok We stayed here two nights because it was convenient to be close to the airport. The hotel claims to be one of the quietest near the airport, but I can't imagine how this is possible. The first night I heard every plane and car go by, and the people in the room next door. But on the bright side, the bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. We didn't try the free breakfast, but it looked like they had a lot of good stuff. I peeked into the fitness room, it was very tiny with one treadmill, one bike, one elliptical, and some weights.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>gg99
<Content>Great Stay/Value for an Airport Hotel This hotel was a pleasant surprise for a night before travel stay. The front desk was helpful, even though they were busy. The room was clean, spacious, and the beds were extremely comfortable. The continental breakfast was the best that I have ever had in a hotel. There was a kind person continually cleaning and refilling the available items. They had the fixing for a sausage and egg biscuit, as well as standard items like English muffins, bagels, yogurt and cereal. The coffee was surprisingly good (not even Starbucks!).The price for all of this was less than you would pay for a Marriott or Embassy, but honestly, those hotels have nothing on this Hampton. If all Hamptons were like this, Hilton would have a great alternative to their more expensive hotels.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>glyster
<Content>Yes, we will return too TripAdvisor gives this hotel a 2 star, I'd say it's more like a solid 3 star hotel. We had a very pleasant experience. Yes, it was only a one night stay, there is really no reason to hang out around the airport for any more than that. The beds were heavenly. The rooms were spacious. Front desk staff very helpful. the morning breakfast was so-so, but to be expected. If you travel light, and you are willing to take the bus, the bus stop is across the street from the hotel and it'll take you to downtown for $1.25. Checkout the website for public transit in Seattle, there are more than one bus that will take you to downtown. The hotel offers free shuttle to/from airport 24 hours. Overall, the stay was definitely good value for our money. Also - free internet access.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WaterEnthusiasts
<Content>OK for a stopover No problems here. It's not a place that I'd want to book for more than a layover between flights out of SeaTac, but for that purpose it was fine.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miss_utility
<Content>I will return Comfy pillowtop mattress and new bedding. Clean. Stayed 2 nights and no issues with airport noise even though next to SEA-TAC taxiways. My only complaint is the bath countertop is small and designed for very short people. Bonus is the window on 3rd floor opened for fresh air. Reliable Hilton high-speed internet.  Neighborhood is a little dicey for solo female diner but a short drive to Redondo Beach for dinner at Salty's solved the problem. Front desk made reservation and provided driving directions. Redondo Beach beachside boardwalk is popular with walkers of all ages. Salty's also has an oudoor carry-out window for budget diners.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>NWTravelerMissouri
<Content>Good airport hotel Nice hotel close to the airport. Our room was on the top floor and was a non-smoking room that was still a little stuffy (smokey?). I stayed at this location about 8 years ago for the first time. Overall, this hotel has been well managed/maintained over the past years. I would recommend it if you have a late arrival or early departure. It also has a nice breakfast  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Slotmachinequeen
<Content>Clean comfortable room Interesting how people can have such different experiences. I stayed there last week prior to flying out and I thought the hotel was above average. No trouble at all with shuttle, the front desk staff was very accomodating in taking you to local restaurants. They even called restaurants for several folks and made reservations for them. Had problem with lobby computer in printing boarding pass, so desk clerk used the hotel computer to complete it for me. I didn't see any problems with security, although there must be some because back lot is closed in with barbed wire chain link fence. Seatac area is iffy, I wouldn't walk anywhere at any time of day. I would either stay at this Hampton or the Sleep Inn, which also has had problems with car breakins. Seems as if lesson is to leave nothing in car, which is what I do when in Seatac, I put everything in trunk.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>6Daysontheroad
<Content>Fair room quality, unfriendly staff Make sure your name is own the reservation, if you are traveling with a group or team. The motel WILL NOT send a shuttle to pick you up if your name is not listed. Also double check your room for any left behind items.I have been an Hilton Honors member for 10+ years and this was the first Hampton I asked for the 100% Guarantee. I did not get it. The guarantee is made by Hampton, but it is up to the individual motel whether they decide to honor it. Each Hampton is individually owned, so if you make complains through Hilton customer service they can only pass on the complaint they cannot do anything to take care of it.I am currently reviewing our corporate travel policy on hotels and will be downgrading Hampton to last resort. I am also deleting their bid for our corporate office stays in Dallas.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	-1	2	

<Author>ponchodido
<Content>Beware Beware if you leave your vehicle here. We took advantage of the park  ride and unfortunately our vehicle was broken into.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>islandgirlcm
<Content>Very Nice, Affordable Hotel We stayed at the Hampton Inn Seattle Airport on January 21, between returning from British Columbia and a flight out of Seatac the next morning. We had stayed at the hotel before and had a good experience.The hotel has ample free parking and the hotel lot feels safe although it is not gated. We parked very close to the front entrance of the hotel which may have contributed to our feeling of safety! Check in was a breeze. The clerk also offered a list of local dining locations and said that the on demand shuttle was available to take us anywhere on the list. Our room was spacious and clean, and so was the bathroom. the king sized bed was incredibly comfortable with very soft linens and good pillows. We noticed some TV noise from an adjacent room but it didn't disturb us.The hotel offers an outdoor pool, fitness center and continental breakfast. We didn't make use of any of these, but noticed that the breakfast included some hot items (sausage, eggs and biscuits on the day we were there) as well as the usual doughnuts, cereal, yogurt and toast. They also pack items into breakfast to go bags that you can grab on your way out. No idea what's in there, but seemed like a great idea for travellers!The on demand shuttle was great. We returned our rental car the night before our flight and the driver came and picked us up at the off-airport rental location within a few minutes of our call. We used the shuttle to get to the airport in the morning and it was prompt and efficient as well. You can't reserve the shuttle, you just go to the lobby about 10 or 15 minutes before you need a ride and it works pretty well. We had to wait 5-10 minutes for the van to return from a trip but since we had allowed for that we were not late.I would definitely recommend this hotel to other travelers!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>misseattle
<Content>First time at Hampton, will go back! This hotel is very close to the airport and they offer a free shuttle. The breakfast in the morning was great! All of the front desk personnel were very kind and helpful. The room was more than I expected for a moderate hotel! The bed was wonderful and I love the little lap desks that they put on each bed. I will stay at Hampton again soon.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Speedbird223
<Content>Not a bad property Had been in Seattle for five nights and was flying out at 6am the following morning so opted for the Hampton Inn, partly thanks to frequent stays and benefits at Hilton properties. Cost was a reasonable $103 for the night.Arrived around 4pm and had a nice welcome pack of Oreos, bottles of water and note waiting for me which was decent. At check-in was given password for complimentary internet. Went to dinner with friends at a nearby place. Came back around 10pm and did some ironing before settling into bed. The room itself was a pretty decent size and bed was comfortable.Woke up around 4.15am and took a shower, the toiletries were standard HI affairs and not too bad. Shower was decent and even at 4.45am the breakfast buffet was out in the lobby. I was being fed on my flight so passed on it. The shuttle arrived after about 10mins and didn't wait around for others.Overall not a bad stay, not outstanding...needed more than 6hrs to scope the place out though.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JohnThree
<Content>Great little hotel Close enough to Seattle for me to stay 5 nights. A 20 minute commute into the city, saving a lot of money. Total about $100 per night. Very quiet between rooms. Airport noise is there but not a problem even for a light sleeper. Great hot breakfast spread and snacks all day. Friendly and helpful staff and an army of housekeepers. Very nice room; looks like new; excellent bed. This is a $400 room in the city. Can't say enough.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FloridaPixie
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! My husband and 6 month old baby girl stayed here July 14-16, 2006. We LOVED the room, very spacious and clean, and we really liked the all-white sheets and duvet cover. The bed and pillows were very comfortable, and the requested crib for our daughter was delivered immediately after check-in. The free breakfast was great and so nice to have after being on the road for a week and a half--it saved us a trip out to pick up breakfast. One nice plus is the beautiful park directly across the street from the Hampton Inn. On the night we arrived, we didn't feel like going out with the baby and wanted to stay close. We took a walk over to the park and there was Shakespere in the Park going on, with a huge crowd, and a beautiful lake just beyond. We said that each time we're in Seattle before flying out of SEATAC after visiting family in central WA, we're staying at this Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AJH
<Content>Great hotel if leaving Seattle next day I've not stayed at a Hampton before this but I was very impressed. The beds were comfortable and the room was quiet. I heard just a faint bit of plane noise but nothing out of the ordinary if you live in a suburb of a big city! We all slept just fine. The breakfast was one of the nicer ones we had during our stay in the Seattle area which consisted of La Quinta's and Best Westerns. It had was a glorified continential breakfast and has something for everyone, truly. My hubby and kids used the pool and found it clean, warm and relaxing. We rented our car from Enterprise and it was just about 1 block away so quick access to drop off and back to airport if you catch an a.m. flight. We paid $119 on internet rate for family of 4. Can't beat the price/location if you need to fly the next day. I was impressed with Hampton, especially the beds and breakfasts.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>willbegone
<Content>Reasonable airport hotel OK. First of all, this is an airport hotel. So expect plane noise. The location is to the side of the runway a couple blocks away so planes are not taking off/landing directly over the hotel. SEATAC is not too busy an airport, however, so there is minimal activity between 1am and 5am. The room walls are concrete which helps minimize the noise. I agree that this, or any other airport hotel, would not be the best choice for light sleepers.I requested a quiet room and therefore got one on the road side, farthest from the airport, on the 4th floor.Checkin: Front desk staff was OK, but lacked some knowledge and were not very fast compared to my favorite Hampton Inn in the Seattle area, the Hampton Inn Southcenter. I agree with the comment that they might be overwhelmed if there is more than one or two people waiting to checkin. One error is that they did not know if the parking lot on one side of the building could be used by hotel guests or not (it can't). There is a roving security truck trying to catch people, so be sure you do park in the right area. Second, they had slight trouble dealing with my credit card, trying to figure out my name vs. my company's name on the card. That's unusual. I think they were just inexperienced. They were very polite. They offered a list of restaurants, and will shuttle you to some of them with their free bus. If you have a car, I recommend the short drive to Southcenter Mall area.Room: Nicely furnished, generous size (possibly due to end of hall room), decorated in dark wood tones. Bedding is recently updated and was comfortable. Desk/desk chair, recliner easy chair. Plenty of pillows. Standard Hampton Inn setup. Bathroom was nice, no mold on tub caulking, plenty of light and mirrors. All facilities functional no issues. Oh, I did have one light bulb that was burned out, but didn't stay long enough to see if they would fix it when I left the burned out bulb on the desk in the room. And speaking of bulbs, they use standard bright ones not the energy saving, dim, compact fluourescent ones. That's a plus.Not sure if they have the mini-fridge/microwave like over at the Southcenter location. I requested one on my reservation and didn't get it, and the checkin staff didn't mention it. I didn't ask since this was a short trip.Another poster mentioned no closet - that's true it is an armoire/cabinet, which is OK by me. I do find a bit bothersome that the hangers are the security kind which can be inconvenient. Another poster mentioned about the power outlet. This was actually not a problem in my room - better than average. The desk lamp had a dual outlet so access for laptop and cellphone simultaneously w/o crawling around on the floor or rearranging furniture.Smoking observation: I noticed that the 4th floor is a combination of smoking and nonsmoking rooms, so the hallway smelled as a result. In the Southcenter Hampton, the 4th floor is entirely nonsmoking which is much better. My nonsmoking room in this hotel did not smell of smoke, however. I'm not sure if they have any entirely nonsmoking floors in this hotel since I didn't ask them.Fitness center: I used it and it's small but nice. One treadmill (wish there were two since that's the one item most people want), one stepper, one bike, one four-position multigym.Outdoor pool: Didn't use it or see anyone using it. I'm not sure if it is heated like the one in Southcenter.General area: Safe enough, fast food joints, other hotels, remote parking lots for the airport. One nice thing: there's a lake park right across the street - didn't have time to check it out but it looked pleasant for a walk.Breakfast: Hostess gets extra high marks. Very friendly, keeps the area clean, stocked and ready to go very early (I showed up at the advertised start time of 5am and everything was in place). The free breakfast is to my liking. Extended continental with one or two warmed up hot items (scrambled egg patties, canadian bacon), varies by day. Breads, cereals, fresh fruit, juices, etc. Coffee and tea are always available in the lobby, as are bananas and apples - good to keep the traveler healthy.Lobby has one public computer for people to check their email and so forth. That is a handy item and something missing at the Southcenter Hampton. I use my own laptop, though, and wireless internet is free for hotel guests and works very well in the rooms and lobby areas - very important to me in my work.Overall, it's a good place for the price, averaging around $100/night before taxes during peak weekday times. And of course, this is a per-room price, which makes it more attractive for families, all of whom get that nice free breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jcniii
<Content>Don't expect much except for free shuttle My tag line says it all...If you don't care listening to planes landing and taking off all night or a room without a true closet then this is your place. Free breakfast and shuttle and a nice staff do give this place some bonus points but other than that it is not up to Hampton Inn standards in my opinion.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>YVRTraveller
<Content>Good enough for an airport hotel Stayed here for one night in November 2005. The hotel is located on the southern part of the Seattle airport strip. Under five minutes to the airport.Check-in was a bit on the slow side as the front desk staff seemed to be a bit overwhelmed having to deal with more than one person at a time. The signage in the lobby for the elevator was not the best.The rooms were clean and spacious; though the bed was not that comfortable as the mattress was very hard.Plenty of parking and coffee/tea available 24 hours in the lobby.Our early morning wake-up call (3:30am) was right on schedule and the front desk staff on duty at check-out was much more competent. Plus the Hampton Inn grab and go breakfasts were ready when we left the hotel just after 4am.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fenwayman
<Content>Reasonaly Airport Hotel Spent two single nights at this hotel (with a day between) so saw two different rooms. The first room was smaller than the second, which was impressively large (large enough to have two beds, and still let me do my exercises without moving them.The hotel was clean, and most of the staff were friendly. The shuttle service was very reliable and it is very close to the airport, and many nice restaurants. The rooms had too few electric outlets and I had to move furniture and unplug lamps to plug in my computer and cell phone at the same time.The rooms are not well soundproofed and I heard the airplanes at a volume that was worse than most airport hotels I've stayed at.Overall, it met my needs for a clean bed and an early (5 AM breakfast before a flight) and was a good value.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Richbutnot
<Content>OK Stayed here one night using Hilton Honors points before flying out the next morning. Only ten minutes from the airport which was nice for an early flight. They told us breakfast didn't start until 6 am, which was the same time our flight left, so we bought pastry to eat before we left for the airport. Walked through the lobby at 4:30 am and breakfast was out. Oh well. Room was small, but included fridge and microwave. Front desk was very helpful with maps of the area, but traffic was terrible. There are probably better airport hotels around there.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Epags
<Content>An OK Place Easy access off the 5 freeway it is located four blocks from the airport and therfore very convienent. Also there is a gas station only 1/2 block away so if you have a rental car, it is easy to fill up and drive to the airport, drop it off and have the hotel shuttle pick you up. The staff were friendly and informative. The rooms were snug but clean and quiet. They had only plastic cups and the ammenities were pretty basic. The breakfast was a bit simple. Chipped beef on pancakes, cold cereal and fresh fruits. Again, the rate after tax was $100 so you get what you pay for. We were there only to catch a early morning flight so it was ok but definately not a romantic getway spot.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

