<Author>MPS_PHL
<Content>Good Hotel - Terrible Concierge! Very nice hotel that is maintained well and has great views. I would have given this hotel a 4 or 5 if it had not been for the concierge.This hotel is in a tourist area which means the concierge is very important. During my stay I never received good information or clear direction from the concierge. There was a big red bus outside the hotel. iIasked the Concierge if this bus had english tours or recordings. he said that it only had Japanese. He then sent me over to the tour desk which told me the same thing. Later I stopped by the big red bus and they definitely have english tours/recordings. The tour desk also is run by an outside company (inidcated by a very small sign). The concierge fed me this bull so i would use the in house tour desk. I don't like being lied to by the concierge. i then asked for restaurant suggestions later that day and was told to the restaurant next to the hotel. I gave up trying to find the place when there was nothing next to the hotel. Management needs to reevaluate the concierge desk.Also, don't bother going to the mens spa in the basement of the hotel. It is a strange experience and not worth it.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>SNK_Mumbai
<Content>Decent Hotel if get a good rate       Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bmarsh
<Content>Good For Business Great Kowloon location, good business hotel, rooms a bit on the dated side, but all well maintained and I think one of the best managed hotels in Hong Kong. Club lounge is very good, even though they now charge heavily for the privilege. Only area a bit weak on is the pool and relaxation area. But then again it is a business hotel!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>SamfromBrisvegas
<Content>Stunning! My wife and I stayed here after a month long trip around the world. The hotel ably assisted us with transfers from the Airport upon arrival and from the moment we stepped through the front door of the hotel we were treated like royalty.The hotel is beautifully appointed and the staff were extremely polite and courteous and welcoming. Our room was stunning. We did not have a harbour view room as this was beyond our budget but it was stunning none the less. We found out our flight had been significantly delayed and the staff were incredibly helpful in arranging extensions to our accomodation and transport. The conceirge was ever so helpful and the doorman was a great help in providing directions to the taxis.Our stay here was an absolute treat at the end of a wonderful holiday and we look forward to returning here for a longer stay in the future.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WORLDTRAVELLER6
<Content>Highly Recommended I chose this Hotel as I put alot of time into reading all reviews to ensure I picked a lovely hotel because it was my parents first visit to Hong Kong and I wanted to ensure they had a lovely stay in a lovely Hotel.I definately made the right choice. We had lovely Harbour view rooms which looked out on to the beautiful harbour and the view was spectacular. We had club lounge access also and this is what really made our stay wonderful.Everyone in the Club Lounge is so courteous and helpful and nothing is too much trouble for them. They show a genuine interest in how your day has been and what you have seen and done during the day and we looked forward to going there each morning for breakfast and snacks of an evening.The pool was very nice and warm and the staff there brought out a drink of cold water for after your swim which was very refreshing. (I did suggest a nice big spa wouldnt go astray.)The hotel is east Tsim Sha Tsui but it is located in a really nice mall and all the Christmas lights were up and a nice Italian Restaurant in the mall too and we really liked the location. It was about a 15 minute walk up to the centre to watch the light show of a night at 8pm but we liked to retreat back to our Hotel.The Hotel Manager very kindly welcomed us and organized a special cake and wine for my parents as it was their anniversary during our stay, which was very kind.The lobby is very grand and there a very nice restaurants within the Hotel.We enjoyed our stay so much and recommend very highly this Hotel to all to stay.The only one thing that took away from our enjoyment was the carpet in the rooms had a most terrible odour and spoilt our stay in the room. It was quite old carpet and the smell became overbearing of a night. My father changed rooms as it was terrible but still the whole 10th floor seems to have a problem. They tried to spray and deoderise the room which helped a little but it just was such a shame for such a beautiful room with such a beautiful view. My only suggestion is not to stay on the 10th floor, especially if you have asthma, as my father and I did during our stay.Overall though putting that aside the staff could not do enough for us and we really had a lovely stay and would definately go back again (on a different floor though) I thank them all for ensuring our stay was so special and most especially the Hotel Manager for taking time to help me arrange my stay and welcome my family.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>sbh2004
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay We stayed at the InterContinental for 8 days and loved our stay. My husband travels a lot and is quite picky about hotels but didn't have a single complaint. We had a great view and the staff was very courteous.Will definitely go back.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>laneand
<Content>Grand Stamford, Grand Experience My partner and I recently enjoyed 4 nights at the Grand Stamford Intercontinental at TST, Hong Kong SAR, China.We loved the breakfast buffet each morning (more then we should have!). Furthermore, nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff we were in contact with.If you have the opportunity visit the new Intercontinental Club Lounge on the 2nd floor. Free flowing French champagne, cocktails and finger food for a reasonable price.The Hotel very much has a welcome home family feel and is constantly being improved and refreshed. My father is a regular guest at the hotel and this was my third visit in as many years.We recommend this hotel based on location, value for money and English-friendly staff. We were recommended to a local jewellery manufacturer which also proved to be friendly and excellent value for money. A pleasure to stay at. A second home away from home.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>linlu65
<Content>Classic style and excellent service! A bit of shaky start to our stay as they tried to put us into a smoking room but after that, the staff could not be more helpful. The rooms were quiet and well appointed with a huge flat screen TV. Bathroom was spotless and toiletry supplies excellent including loafah sponge. We didn't have a harbour view but spent most of our days shopping so did not miss the view. Hotel is on the waterfront so very pleasant to walk at night to see the lights of Hong Kong Harbour. Close to Tsim Tsa Tsui East station - about 5 min walk, shops and restaurants including Starbucks. Breakfast was very good which became the highlight of our day.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>neveratrest
<Content>Wonderful. I always stay here if I am in HK I have been through HK on business a lot in the last few months and found the Grand Stanford when the other hotel i was using was fully booked.Since then I have always stayed here.Quiet, relaxing after a long haul flight, great breakfast, great service, happy staff. Rooms appear to have been recently updated and are all clean and in excellent condition. Do be carerful of booking a view room as it is extra 拢拢 but does have a really good location and view of the bay.It is adjacent to a lot of shopping areas and a short taxi from most places on HK island or Kowloon. It is two minutes from the main railway station into China or the airport.Cheaper than many other hotels of this standard including the main Intercontinental nearby. Good value for a five star hotel.Do be careful of asking a taxi driver to take you to the Intercontinental, you will arrive at the nearby sister hotel. If in doubt ask for the Nikko Hotel which is next to the GS and it will be easier. If you get the hotel to call you a taxi they give you a little card which has instructions for the return taxi which saves time and trouble.I would recommend it for business and pleasure without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>svensktiger
<Content>Overall good impression       View from 1733  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SydneyMaxine
<Content>Pity about the view Recently stayed at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford in Hong Kong. We booked through Expedia with 6 weeks notice requesting a room which would accommodate 3 single beds. I confirmed this with the hotel in advance asking for a proper bed not a rollaway as we were staying for 8 days.Despite this and our 11pm arrival the room was not ready and we were required to wait while - you guessed it - a rollaway bed was set up.We chose this hotel because it was on the waterfront at Kowloon expecting to be able to enjoy relaxing in the hotel's public spaces and enjoy waterviews. What a surprise to discover that it was not possible to even glimpse the water from anywhere in the hotel unless you specifically booked a Water View Room.On the positive side the buffet breakfast was extensive and the staff friendly.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotelflyer
<Content>Relatively Lowest Rate with View of Victoria Harbour       Window Harbour View 1  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Yianni1
<Content>Not Perfect, but they try real hard Travelling to Honkers with my business partner, we were there for a conference and a little RR. The hotel limo picked us up as requested after a short wait on arrival at the airport. The limo was a late model Benz with a courteous driver who supplied us with nice classical music on route to the hotel. Well worth the money at $70 Australian compared with $50 for a red cab.Reception was fast and friendly. Taken to our room and our bags were already there. If you can afford it, take the Club package which includes a great breakfast in the morning, afternoon tea and cocktails and canapes from 1800 to 2030. Open bar and they serve Verve Cliquot as their house pour. They allow children in there also which is ok (Im a dad myself) but they should have a minimum age as some mornings the little angels were just too loud for me.Renovations happening on the 17th and 18th floor woke us next morning. Leaking pipe in our room so our carpet got soaked, toilets would not flush for 5 or 6 hours because of renovations. We had a bit of a word with our Club lounge representative who arranged for a suite upgrade at no charge the next day. We had to forego our Harbour view, but got a huge room with a city view.The staff were all really friendly without being over bearing.Tiffany's bar was a bit lame as the band and music selection was a bit corny for us. Too much Celine Dion! The pool is on the roof and it's a bit small but it serves the purpose and the gymnasium has up to date facilities with free weights also.The rest of our experience was excellent. The hotel is central and close to all facilities including train, ferry, duty free, restaurants and a cool bar called Sticky Fingers, with a really happening band.Just watch out for the Working Girls there.I would definately stay at the Grand Stanford again and commend them on their staff's service and commitment.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JasminedogLosAngeles
<Content>Great Amenities and a Pleasant Stay       Excellent Breakfast Buffet  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mathladyca49
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I upgraded to a harbour view room. Well worth the extra $ when staying a week. Great to watch harbour traffic in early morning with a coffee and a free newspaper and I never got tired of the night lights across the harbour. Pool was a welcome oasis during hot July daysOnly had 2 breakfasts in hotel. Lots of selection but staff very busy and not so attentative. Had the Hungarian Gulash for lunch one day and it was delicious. Ditto for the afternoon tea.Lots of nice restaurants in the area ranging from Thai to Italian to the Aussie outback. Coffee shops and delis for snacks and breakfast also handy. I was hesitant having read reviews about out of the way locale but I ( even being close to 60 ) could make the walk to the Nathan street metro in about 10 minutes. Use the undergrand subway with moving sidewalks outside Shangri La to escape having to walk outside.Taxi to Star Ferry less than $20 HK.My only complaint which was brought to the attention of management ( but I never received a reply) was the tour sold by the independent operator in the lobby to Lantau. Able Tours also never responded.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	2	5	

<Author>Geobi
<Content>Nothing Special but also Nothing Bad Stayed for two nights. Check was ok but not the same friendliness we experienced at the Disneyland Hotel. Room was nice with a bad view - looked into an office block.When we checked in we requested transport to the hotel when we leave. We paid and everything was confirmed. On our departure when we got on the bus, we were requested tickets. Nothing was given to me by the hotel. I had to rush back, stand in a long queue before I could get my tickets. I felt so humiliated us the whole bus was delayed by about 30 minutes because someone at the hotel forgot to gave our tickets. Everything was else was average  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>1964Chelsea
<Content>Great location with excellent harbour views We stayed five night at the Grand Stanford on two visits as stopovers on the way to and from the USA in June/July 2008. We took an airport shuttle bus from the airport direct to the hotel, which was relatively cheap, but so very easy early in the morning in a strange country. This is well advised. On arrival we were checked in within 10 minutes, on both visits, and straight to our room, even though check-in was advised as 2-00pm. This was excellent as we had travelled all night on the red-eye with our 5 year old daughter. After a really great shower, we headed off to the Rendezvous Restaurant for the buffet breakfast. What a feast. And service from waiting staff is so good. The cost was HK$180 each for adults, and HK$135 for kids. There is a huge food selection, cereals of all kinds, milk of all kinds, many fruit juices, a large cooked selection including sausages, eggs, tomatoes, fish, rice, noodles etc. There is also a great choce of cold meats, fish and cheeses, and selection of breads and rolls/bagels for toasting, and fresh fruit and yoghurts. Great value as you can really have a feast and set yourself up for a good day of sightseeing.We had a cheapo room with 2 double beds and a city view first time, but were upgraded to harbour view second trip. Both were very nicely furnished with comfortable beds, excellent marble tiled bathrooms and plasma TVs. The Movies were quite expensive at $98 per film. Mini bar also not cheap as you would expect, but we bought beer, chocolate and water at the 7/11 shop down the road and put it in the fridge, and put the hotel's stuff back in as we left!!! The room was cleaned and the beds made each day. We opted not to have clean sheets every day to save unnecessary costs, a good option offered by the hotel we thought. My daughter and I adored the gorgeous roof top pool and sundeck. It is very nicely maintained and clean, and there is a waiter service bar for a freezing cold Heineken or two!! The pool is quite large and the water was warm enough to not freeze you, but cool enough to be refreshing in the heat and humidity. And the sunbeds are excellent quality timber with big thick cushions on..... a great way to spend a couple of hours.The hotel is in a great spot on the harbour, with a 5 minute walk to TST MTR station, and another 5 minutes along the harbour front Walk of the stars to the ferry terminal, shops and a great light show viewing area.This area of Kowloon offers a brilliant view of Honk Kong Island, the skyscrapers, harbour boats and cruise ships, and the mountains etc. Quite spectacular. All around the TST area is very clean with an army of cleaners out at all hours cleaning up the small amount of litter dropped (big fines for littering/smoking in Hong Kong!!! Excellent!!!) Also here there are many museums and other attractions. Taxis are also very cheap and easy as there are billions of them.Altogether an excellent hotel, nicely presented with a great foyer area, bar and restaurants. And not excessively expensive compared to the facilities offered by other hotels. We will definitely stay again on our next trip to HK.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>virginian9
<Content>WOW-Best Hotel on our China Tour       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alliealliecat
<Content>Fab hotel, great location We stayed at the hotel for 4nights, and had a brilliant time. The hotel is fab. We had a full harbour view room which is lovely, good size bathroom, huge bed, tv, mini bar etc, and great to watch the light show in the evening. We went room only and paid for breakfast at the hotel which offered a good selection of buffet food.The hotel had A la Carte restaurants, but we choose to eat out - Starbucks is within 5minutes, as is Outback Steak House, which does great pasta and prawns. Opposite the hotel is a small square with a few shops, bars and restaurants, all are good, and its great to sit out of an evening.You can walk along the harbour front, which is lovely first thing in the morning.We went over to the island a couple of times, you can go by star ferry, or the tube. Buy an Oyster card, from a tube station, you can then use in the 7-11 shops as well, and its the best way to use the buses, trains and ferries, the lowest fare is always deducted.Do go up to the peak - but make sure you pick a clear day. Go over and see the largest outdoor buddha by cable car. The evening markets are good, especially the ladies market has absolutely everything and dont be afraid to barter. The temple market is ok, but for me the ladies market was the best.The spaghetti house was also very good, great for lunch.We had a great time, and will certainly return in the future. Where ever you stay in Hong Kong, its accessible.....If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Beckle
<Content>Beautiful Hotel is very classy and tasteful. We chose to upgrade to a suite but our suite was very noisy. When we complained we were upgraded at no extra cost to an even better room. Staff were lovely. They did have issues with their billing service though and we had to query the bill more than once. Pool and gym were great. Rendevous buffet dinner and breakfast outstanding.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Rainbow03
<Content>Best hotel in Kowloon HK       within walking distance of Avenue of Star  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>easternman
<Content>Very nice hotel There is nothing wrong with this hotel it is as you would expect an intercontinental hotel to be, comfortable, professional staff and very nice rooms.I stayed here for 5 nights and was very comfortable here with a nice rooftop swimming pool. Ok so the chinese customer service is not the same as say Thai or Singaporean or Filipino but still a nice place to stay.Visit the local bar 2 minutes up the road called Sticky Fingers great bar easy to meet people there!!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CJSNetwork
<Content>good views from harbour side room We stayed at this hotel at the end of an extended tour of China and, following advise elsewhere, booked a harbour view room. The additional expense was money well spent and we had lots of time watching the traffic in the harbour as well as enjoyed the views on Hong Kong side.Room was very good although some furniture looked a little tired.The hotel is well sited with shops and restaurants all around and we enjoyed time in the Kowloon Park - a secluded oasis in this hectic city about 15 minutes walk away.Roof top pool was smaller than I had hoped but I enjoyed the swim and staff were very helpful.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>deblem
<Content>Five Wonderful Days at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford We absolutely loved the Intercontinental Grand Stanford hotel. We stayed there for five nights on our way back from Italy to Australia. The room was very comfortable, the service superb and we were completely delighted with the view from our harbour view room which kept us entertained at all times with all sorts of ships and boats coming and going. A number of posters have mentioned the fact that the hotel is a distance away from the main shopping areas of Kowloon and I was doubtful about staying in this area because I thought it may be a bit far from the main action around Nathan Road. Boy did I change my mind once I arrived at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford! It is an easy walk to Nathan Road, about ten minutes, but let me tell you, Nathan Road has become nothing but a haven for touts selling suits, massages, hair salons etc. which really starts to get on your nerves very quickly! It also becomes choked with people towards the later part of the day so the relatively peaceful area around the hotel is a welcome haven. I think it would drive me insane to stay in central Kowloon nowthat I have stayed in East Tsim Sha Tsui. The area in which the Intercontinental Grand Stanford sits is more local and peaceful with mostly Hong Kong people going about their business. There is also shopping for everybody in this area as well as reasonably priced restaurants as well as upmarket ones in the Tsim Sha Tsui Centre. The New World Centre is close by as is Sogo Department store. If you want to shop in central Kowloon, the hotel has a free shuttle bus which will drop you there. The Star ferry is a 15 minute walk along the harbour promenade which is really pleasant also. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HGL
<Content>Excellent stop-over choice Stayed here for two nights en-route to Australia.Check-in was quick and efficient, with our luggage being delivered to our room a moment or two after us.Our room was surprisingly large with picture windows giving an excellent view of the harbour.Although not right in the centre of Kowloon, there are numerous bars and restaurants round the hotel, catering for all budgets.We didn't have time to take advantage of the hotel facilities, so cannot comment. Certainly we would stop here again without hesitation.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Lumimon
<Content>Ageing gracefully with Impeccable Service This is a lovely hotel with probably the best service of any hotel I have encountered. Whilst service standards at top hotels in Hong Kong are legendary, this hotel certainly meets and exceeds those standards.The hotel is definitely an older hotel with the decor and rooms now looking quite dated, but somehow it has aged gracefully and is not tired. The rooms are a good size for Hong Kong. Breakfast was excellent and as stated above the service was impeccable.The MTR is a bit of a walk but not too much of a problem and whilst out of the main fray of the Kowloon shopping area we found this an attribute rather than a disadvantage. It is only a short walk to the action (less than 10 minutes anyway). It is really only an issue if it is raining.For Hong Kong and for this standard of accommodation we found the hotel reasonable value and with top service in a quiter location. We will return.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sleep7
<Content>Loved the Grand Stanford!       View from a Harbor View room  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dave95
<Content>Very smart        View from 10th floor room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marais72
<Content>Stayed here several times..... Stayed here a few times on business, nice hotel, have stayed at the Eaton and Royal Garden also. Royal Garden my fave only cos of the fab new refurbished rooms on top floor and amazing roof top pool. But Grand Stanford a fave amongst my colleagues, Western hotel, good brekkie, typical cheesy singers entertaining the guests in Tiffanys Bar in an evening, great foyer for meetings, nice afternoon tea, nice rooftop pool but smaller than the neighbours, comfy bed i slept well (6th floor and above)....  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katje
<Content>recommended The hotel's location is very good, the view from the windows is really nice. HOwever the rooms are quite small, they are clean and confortable. The bathroom is small, but also clean and okay. The breakfast is nice, no complaints :-) I would definitely recommend it for business trips!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Wilson76Uk
<Content>Great Hotel very nice hotel, location is on the mainland about 10 mins walk from the star ferry terminal which takes you to Hong Kong Island. If you can try and get a harbour view room as the views of the Hong Kong skyline are stunning!Plenty of restaurants and bars nearby.Staff were very polite and helpful. the rooms we had was clean and fully functioning.The hotel has a good bar near to the lobby which has live music on some nights.Overall and excellent hotel - would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Riannon
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford. I booked this hotel based on the reviews I read from Trip Advisor and Frommer's. The hotel exceeded my expectations! We were fortunate to have been upgraded to a harbor-view room and the view from our room was magnificent. Check-in service was excellent -- very efficient, warm and polite. The room was a good size, the beds and pillows were very comfortable, and the bathroom had nice amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and relatives and would certainly stay here again on my next Hong Kong visit. This hotel definitely gives the best value for your money! The same kind of luxury (and view!) would easily cost you at least USD $200 more at comparable hotels.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>good and quiet hotel in TST i liked this hotel stayed many times for business purpose mainlyhas one of the best beds ever slept inits located in the waterfront so you can get a nice harbour view not the best because of not frontal location to HKits not centrally located is 10 minutes walk to nathan road and subway anyway i like that walk any day of the week (stop at genki sushi on the way)breakfast its very good but pricey if you want something light go out to your left and one block away you have Deli Franceif you are a runner you will love the location just at the back of building you have one of the best running path you can find worldwidethe bar at lobby level is always full and worth visiting  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ZMR
<Content>Allways Goods Always great to stay at Grand Stanford. Rooms are excellent and location brilliant. Close to Nathan Rd but also a little away from the hussle. Service is brilliant. Have stayed here on most visits to Hong Kong over the past 5 years and never regretted  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>brookl
<Content>Great choice if you can't quite afford Peninsula or the other Intercontinental We recently stayed 4 nights here. Overall very pleased with our experience. This is a luxurious hotel that probably falls somewhere between Hotel Nikko and Intercontinental (the other one in Tsim Sha Tsui). The view from our room was great although not as spectacular as from Peninsula or the other Intercontinental. Including tax, our total rate per night for a harborview room was just about $400USD even per night. Certainly not cheap. But when you consider that a harborview room at Peninsula and the other Intercontinental runs at least $200 more per night, the Grand Stanford was what we decided on and it was the right choice for us in retrospect.Location - Although the hotel is not right in the midst of Tsim Sha Tsui and is some walk away from the metro (MTR) and Star Ferry and such, believe me this is not a big problem. In fact, I prefer it because the hotel's East Tsim Sha Tsui location is not quite as hectic. The hotel is right on the harbourside promenade; a very pleasant and scenic stroll of about 15minutes down this promenade takes you along the Walk of Stars and right to the Star Ferry and on to the huge Harbour City shopping center. If you want to go to the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station, a 5minute walk down Mody Rd from the hotel takes you right into a subterranean corridor that leads right into the station... overall 10-15minutes from the hotel to the subway platform; even closer for East Tsim Tsa Tsui station. View - The way the hotel is oriented, I think all harborview rooms have unobstructed views of the Hong Kong island skyline from about Wan Chai (barely) and then due east... you can't see the buildings of the Central. This is not quite as spectacular a view as the one you get from Sheraton or the other Intercontinental or the Peninsula... from those hotels, you get the full frontal view of all the essential skyline (the Central all the way down to Causeway Bay and beyond). Central is where some of the most impressive buildings are, although you really can't complain with the view from this hotel either. Room - We stayed in a harbouview room. The room was clean, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and the bathroom was also nice with some of the best hotel towels I've used. The room was of sufficient size, although not quite as big as some of the other 4-star/5-star hotels in Kowloon that I've stayed in. Although this wasn't a big deal to me, I was surprised to find that the hotel of this calibur  price did not have a separate shower/tub... even the cheaper Hotel Nikko next door had this. And one true negative for us was that, as others have pointed out, there was a bit of a bad odor in the bathroom. It actually smelled like musty mildewy smell, although I couldn't quite put a finger on the source of the smell... weird. Otherwise, really no big complaints. Excellent housekeeping.In summary, this is a hotel that you should keep in mind if you're looking for a luxury hotel on the Kowloon side with a great harbour view. Of course, Peninsula and the other Intercontinental are on a different level... the harborview will be more robust and the rooms will be significantly more pampering. But if you can't afford those places, then consider Grand Stanford (although this place isn't exactly cheap either).  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Rambler
<Content>So nearly a great hotel We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Grand Stanford that included the new year. We booked two club rooms with a harbour view for ourselves and our two sons based on previous complimentary tripadvisor reviews and a decent price.Our rooms wer both good with the promised harbour view. Decor is European in style. Not particularly modern but nice enough. Room sizes were fine and amenities good - although the lack of flat screen TV did give a dated feel. Our one complaint was that our room's bathroom smelled very badly of 'drainage'. We had seen this comment in previous reviews and based on our satisfaction with the view and the fact that the hotel was full, we didn't make too much of it. If you have the same problem, complain immediately. Our sons' room was odour free the whole stay.If you can afford it - club level is a must. The club lounge is very nice with superb views (especially at night). Food is good with hot  cold choices.You can easily substitute this array of snacks for one meal a day if you wish. Alcohol is also complimentary in the evenings and it is well worth having. Champagne, cocktails, or whatever you wish. All served with impeccable manners. A great end to a busy day.(If you still have energy after the club lounge closes, head to the downstairs bar to see the house band. They play most nights and are worth the price of an extra drink.)The hotel is a good compromise for price vs location. Not as good a view of the light display as the Shangri La or the other Intercontinental, but a view nevertheless. You can walk to the MTR station and just about to the Star ferry but why bother. Taxis are cheap and efficient. Around 20HKD (just over $2 USD) should get you to the ferry and 180HKD took us all the way to Repulse Bay on the other side of HK island). We recommend the Kowloon side. This area is pleasant and relatively spaciously laid out. You can walk in a straight line without the push  shove of the much more cramped HK island area (plus HK as viewed from Kowloon is much better than the other way around).On the downside - well, the smell and a hint of arrogance on our last day when we needed a late checkout. We got it but at a price - after 12 room/nights at club prices, I thought we deserved a small reward.Would we recommend this hotel ?Absolutely. Just be aware. Would we recommend HK ? Yes again. It is a taste of what China could be with the safety net of western hotels, English spoken almost everywhere and streets safer than most European/American cities .(By the way - if you have a long flight inbound, get the hotel to organise limo pick-up from the airport. Costs 650HKD but well worth it to get off to a good start.)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>5travellovers
<Content>Exceeded our expectations! After doing much research on Hong Kong hotels we selected the Grand Stanford. We booked two Club Level Rooms with harbor views. Definitely well worth the price. The service we received was truly amazing. Although the hotel was fully booked, not a day went by that we weren't greeted by name by hotel employees. Even our children (10, 12, 14) who aren't easily impressed had the time of their lives. I felt that the location was perfect for us. It is about a 10 minute walk to Nathan Road, however, there are so many people walking around that area that I appreciated our hotel's location. It was nice to just step outside and not be immediately in a crowd. The rooms were immaculate, good size and very comfortable. Even though it's a 16 hour flight from where we live, we'd be back on a plane to Hong Kong  the Grand Stanford in a heartbeat! You won't be disappointed staying here.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ulus
<Content>It's great great location, spacious rooms, very nice view (if you have a harbour view), it was the third time I stayed in this hotel. There is no indoor pool, just the outside pool on the roof. Prices are rather high, especially during trade fairs. Great hotel, especially for business travellers  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mickytraveller
<Content>Great Place in Hong kong to rest your head Stayed at this hotel for the second time in 2 years and was glad to be back with my girlfriend.The Hotel is on the Kowloon side which i prefer to Hong Kong Island.Some previous reviews of this hotel i think have been unfair regarding to hotels location.The hotel is 10 minutes walk to the nearest MTR Station and around 15 minutes walk to to the Star Ferry walking through Tsim Tsa Chui promenade which offers one of the great views of the world their is also a high speed ferry to Central Hong Kong also a regular coach pick up to the Airport Express Station so no transport problems there.We checked in after a long flight from London and the check in staff were very effficient and friendly.The rooms for Hong Kong were quite a decent size but we had what was possibly the worst view from a hotel room that we have been in it was just a wall that we were looking at.After packing we headed on down to Tiffany's Bar for a few drinks the drinks were very good and the service excellent but what else would you expect in Hong Kong.The Hotel is very good as a base for exploring Hong Kong or venturing into Mainland China which visas can be arranged from the Tour Desk.If you stay in Kowloon you must visit the ladies market in Mongkok to see every kind of fake imaginable from wallets watches and handbags any kind of designer brand is on sale here from the very good to the not so good but a very pleasant way to spend a couple of hours and then a walk down the famous Nathan Road where every type of electronic device is available but be prepared to shop around as every shop seemed to have a different price for everything.Also Hong Kong is very good if you want a made to measure suit one tailor i would very much recommend is Raja Fashions on Cameron Road which is very good value Raja Fashions also tour extensively in the UK and the US so i would check out his website.The Grand Stanford has a very nice swimming pool on the 18 th floor which is very good to relax by.We tried the hotels buffet in the Cafe Rendevous which served a varied selection and the oysters were excellent .Next to the hotel on Tsim Tsa Chiu is some very good bars and restaurants and the view from the waterfront at night is fantastic particularly the Symphony of lights which start at 8 PM and the best place to catch it is on a boat tour which lasts about an hour and is a very pleasant way to spend a few hours.The Grand Stanford Inter-Continental is a very good hotel in a very pleasnt part of Kowloon whether you are there for Business or pleasure so enjoy  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeslynChan
<Content>Enjoyable stay, great service, 2 thumbs up! Visited HK for leisure and chose Hotel Grand Standford as I am an IC ambassador. Upgraded to a deluxe room, which is a corner unit and it was bigger than normal rooms. Room was clean though the window faced the opposite South Seas building, but I wasn't complaining as HK has started X'mas celebrations and all the buildings opposite the hotel was decorated with beautiful X'mas lightings. Service was impeccable! All service staff, from managers to concierge, were attentive and made the stay very memorable and pleasant for my family and I. Location was great! it was only a 5 min walk to KCR and MTR station, plus, ferry service to Central (5mins ride) can be taken at a ferry terminal located just outside the hotel. Many restaurants, shops around the hotel, with DFS just opposite, so I don't understand why there are many complains on the location.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TokyoBob1975
<Content>I was disappointed A 5 day business trip to Hong Kong, and the hotel room was the weakest part of the trip. The view was the windowless side of another building. The carpet showed extreme wear in the traffic areas (by the door, by the bathroom, in front of the TV). Water pressure was low in the shower. All of this would have been acceptable if I was not paying $200+ (USD) / night, and I had not already spent 30 nights in other ICH Hotels in 2007.Internet was about $15 (USD) per 24 hours. Kind of expensive. I did not try the hotel bar or restaurants. Not a lot of restaurants or shopping near the hotel Best choices appear to be at adjacent hotels.The selection of TV channels were good. Ironing board and iron were already in the room. A couple of free bottles of water were left in the room each day--seems to be standard in all the Hong Kong and mainland China hotels I have stayed at.Beware of the public park across the street from the hotel. It appears to be where ladies of evening display their wares. Noticed them all leaving very quickly due to the arrival of Hong Kong police officers. When the officers left, the ladies returned.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>sfimporter
<Content>Nice hotel Not a bad hotel. Rooms were nice. We unfortunately had a room that looked out on an office building rather than the harbor. They didn't seem to make the most of their location.Walking along the promenade about ten minutes you'll come across the major Intercontinental, which is another hotel. That's the one to choose if you can get a similar price. That location had some awesomeviews from their public spaces.The Grand Stanford has a nice lobby and a good breakfast buffet - though if you choose to go a la carte with a menu option, expect to wait a long time. The staff doesn't seem to handle non-buffet diners very well.The Tiffany's bar, on property, has good atmosphere and good drinks.A big plus for the Grand Stanford was that our room was available forextremely early check-in. Coming from California after hours and hours of flying, this was a huge plus.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>HenrySaoPaulo
<Content>Very good hotel I use the hotel in a business trip , I found it great . Very clean very comfortable beds and pillows . Perfect .  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>youngaussie
<Content>Great hotel, "okay" location This hotel is beautiful. Obviously a touristy hotel that has a very Asian style luxury to it. The rooms are quite large, the bathrooms spacious, and the views were pretty good (can see parts of Hong Kong Harbour). Only major problem is location: it's not that bad, you can walk 10mins to get to the main part of Kowloon's shopping areas, but the main InterContinental hotel that's right on the Harbour has a better location.We arranged for a limo car Benz service from the airport, which is very convenient. Although we went to the airport via train on the way back, which is also very easy.Did not use the gym or the restaurants; much better food for cheaper around Hong Kong. I would overally recommend this hotel if you can score a really cheap rate (which we did), but would suggest you stay either near Central in Hong Kong side or the main InterContinental on Kowloon side.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	4	4	

<Author>GaFranco
<Content>Bad experience I stayed at the Intercontinental Grand Staford in Hong Kong as an Ambassador Member. My uprade was a lower floor (5th floor) directly looking into an old office building. So much for the promised upgrades of the Ambassador rewards program.The carpet on my floor was in need of replacing. It smelled old. All though the hotel is right on Hong Kong harbor, there is absolutly no place on the property where one can take in a view of Hong Kong, unless you stay in a room with a view or pay a fee to join a private club, which would give you access to the premier lounge.Would not recommend this hotel for 3 reasons:1- Expensive rate, and even with an Ambassador membership, does not give you a harbor view (All though rooms were available)2- In need of major upgrades. The loby, rooms and hall ways smell of old-mildew carpt.3- No place to take in a Harbor view.Better off spendingyour money at another propery. Would actually recommend staying on Hong Kong Island. There is not much in Kowloon and it takes a while to get over to Hong Kong Island.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>magoorx
<Content>Overall Positive Experience Our experience with this hotel  staff started off wonderfully!! We arrived at the hotel, via airport express train  subway, at 7am after our 14 hour flight from LAX. Our plan was to simply leave our bags with the porter  begin exploring, check-in was not until 2pm. BUT!!! Our room was ready  we were allowed to check-in right then (no extra charge). What a blessing. That right there won me over on the hotel. But let's move on.Our harbor-view room was comfortable. Perhaps the walls were a bit thin, as we could hear the people next to us rather easily. We were on the 8th floor... never heard any noise outside. Satelite TV worked fine. Bathroom well-stocked. Plenty of hot-water.Location: It is a small hike (10 min?) from the time you get off of the TST subway car, most of it underground; the last 3 blocks is streetside. We never took a taxi (not sure on fare, etc). There is a 7-eleven a block away if you need any items from there.Only slight negative... walking through the park near the hotel, got propositioned by a call-girl. Such is big city life. I never felt unsafe though.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sidcot
<Content>100% Happy. Was very sad to leave! Great views of the harbour/city, great service, great hotel, great room, great food, great bar, great facilities, great location, clean, comfortable, modern and the staff were always as helpful as they could be. It felt like a 5 star hotel but without a 5 star price. When I go back to HK assuming the prices are the same or similar I will definately stay there next time.Very very happy!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holway
<Content>fantastic hotel and honeymoon I dont really know where to start because there is so many great things to say about this hotel and the whole city!We arrived at the hotel at around 10am and even though check-in had been advised for 2pm (as expected) we were able to check-in no problem. We got an upgrade to Club floor and habour view room as it was our honeymoon - which was amazing.....great great great view and the room and the staff were fantastic. Within 30minutes of checking-in we received a bottle of wine and fresh fruit! We were room only, which was fine, as there are plently of cafe's, bakeries just outside the hotel doing breakfast type food.The hotel has numerous bars and restaurants but we only tried the New York bar before we went out in the evening for dinner - it was slightly old fashioned in decor but the staff and atmosphere made up for it - modern live band and generous drink and nibble portions! The roof-top pool has got to be a highlight for us.....swimming at dusk, watching the sun set over hong kong skyline has got to be the best honeymoon destination ever! And the fact it cooled you down after a day of sight-seeing in 30 plus degree heat and 95% humidity was also a bonus! There are lots of restaurants close by offering typical american type dinner food but also hong kong themed meals available. We tried 'sticky fingers' and a mexican on the habour front and they were amazing - we got free champayne as we were celebrating our honeymoon! As a prev post, the hotel is a great base but you def need good walking shoes it you want to explore hong kong island the ferry terminal is quite a walk, especially when the temperature does not lower at night! Just another few bits and bobs about hong kong.......def go to the temple street night market - its amazing! soak up the hong kong atmosphere and buy some typical tourist goods! also get the ferry to Macau - it takes you away from the hussle and bustle for a few hours and really has a different feel about it, fab! my husband and I actually were trying to change our flights home so we could have and day and night in Macau, unfortunately we couldnt but we will def try and go back for longer then an afternoon! (remember your passport though, we nearly made that error - you have to go through imagration leaving hong kong and entering Macau and vice versa! I could be here for hours......anyone want anymore info contact me through message system! Hollie  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dashadam
<Content>Great Hotel...but bring your walking shoes! I recently spent 3 nights at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford during July 07. My expectations were quite high given the strong experiences I鈥檝e had with other Intercontental hotels and I left very satisfied wit hthe experience.The hotel is well appointed and my room was comfortable. The lobby is nice but potentially lacks some of the wow factor you get from other Asian hotels. I had a harbour view room and would consider this a must given the great views the hotel has access to. The room is well decorated in a traditional (not modern) style and the bathroom was spacious. The bed was extremely comfortable and housekeeping did an excellent job every day. The major downside was the location of the hotel. While it faces the harbour it is at the far end of the strip/promenade and there is a 10 minute walk before you can get to Nathan rd/Star Ferry depot. The walk is very pleasant along the promenade that faces the harbour however for the cost of the hotel I would have preferred to have stayed somewhere closer to the action.Staff were very friendly and pleasant with most speaking very good English. There were a few occasions when I needed help with directions etc and found the concierge desk to be very helpful in the information they gave. I did however find some level of inconsistency connected to doorman opening the main doors- somedays there was someone there the next there wasn鈥檛. I also found the reception/concierge desk at times to be understaffed with some longish queues. Given the overall cost of the hotel these inconsistencies probably need to be addressed. Given the wide range of food available around Hong Kong I didn鈥檛 eat at the hotel. The hotel is on the Kowloon side and there were plenty of choices for eating both around the hotel and also in and around Nathan rd. Temple Night Markets are around a 20-min walk away and are well worth doing also. Overall I had a great stay at the Grand Stanford and would recommend it thoroughly. It probably has a way to go to compete with the likes of the Peninsula but I had a very good experience and would certainly return in future.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>harrison33
<Content>Excellent Hotel       View from our room  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nelle8
<Content>bathroom smell This hotel doesn't have family room, With two teenagers, we had to book 2 rooms cost us $340 per night (room only, no meal) form advance booking. My friends paid $550 per night. The two non-connecting rooms we got on the 4th floor were both really smelly. The sewage smell backed up to the room the minute we flushed the toilet. We were disappointed with the price we paid and the hotel offered us rooms that smelled like a public toilet as my teenagers described. The hallway carpet smelled bad too.  On Saturay night, while walking to the elevator, we were choked by the strong gust of smoke coming from the first floor bar. It was unreasonably loud and smoky but nothing was done by the hotel to regulate the noise and the smoke. Half of the first floor including public waiting seating area covered with smoke.  I had mentioned to the front desk while checking out but I don't see them even care. My family and friends will not go back to Grand Stanford anymore. Everything tends to be overpriced in Hong Kong right now. We had traveled 12 different countries and found that we got 500% better service, better price and better quality in Taipei. Although Europe can be expensive too but Paris and Rome are worth every penny; food is great, service people are graceful and cheerful, never rushing customers to eat faster like Hong Kong waitors/waitresses.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Cazwinkie
<Content>Fantastic hotel for the whole family! What a fabulous hotel in a great location. As said on many other reviews, a club room is a must. The views of the harbour light show are spectacular from both the room itself and the club room on the 17/18 floor. This it what made it fantastic- a room for free drinks, snacks, afternoon tea, happy hour or even ice cream after dinner open from 7am until 11pm. After a hot day out , it was like coming home to a friend's house for tea.The staff were freindly and helpful. The rooms were made up efficiently and on turn down one was always asked if anything else was required. I was travelling with my husband and 2 kids aged 5 and 7. With a club room, breakfast is included which can last you all day. You also get free internet/ broadband connection in your room.Very close to the MTR station, space and Science Museam and only a few short stops by train to all the markets. If travelling with kids I would definitely stay here and would not stay over in Hung Hom as shuttle buses and kids just don't mix!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paulnann
<Content>Loved the Grand stanford We stayed at the Grand stanford for 4 nights in May to celebrate my Husbands 50th birthday. From the minute we entered the hotel we were made to feel welcome. We were automatically upgraded to a club class room, with a view of Victoria harbour that was to die for. One whole wall was a window, giving the room a WOW factor as soon as you entered. The room itself was large, allowing plenty of space for the two queen size beds. The bathroom was beautiful with plenty of fluffy towels. The location of the Grand stanford is convenient for all the usual sights in Kowloon and there is a terminal for a fast ferry over to Central on Hong Kong Island directly opposite. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VfB 1893
<Content>Stay for the view!         
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dantheman_nz
<Content>Excellent place to stay       View from room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>blinkybillMelbourne
<Content>Great hotel, exceptional service My wife and I stayed at this hotel on 25 and 26 March 2007, and loved it. We relied on tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. We arrived late in the evening and check in was fast and friendly. We had a Club Harbour View room which was very comfortable and spacious, but were too busy in the two days to use the Club facilities, so in retrospect would probably have booked a standard Harbour View room.Breakfast next morning was very good - a very comprehensive buffet, fresh juice and eggs cooked as you waited. The facilities were very good, and in my opinion a touch above four star, but the service was truely exceptionally. Everything was done with a smile. When we visited the bar, we were greeted and shown a seat as if it were a restaurant. But the best was left for last. We checked out early but asked for our bags to stay as we were catching a late evening flight. The receptionist said but by then you will be hot and sweaty. When you return we will give you a room for a shower and change of clothes. I thought I may have misunderstood her intention and that we would get to use the gymnasium facilities, but sure enough we were given a single room (harbour view!), our bags were delivered and we were called when our airport bus arrived and hour or so later. I have never had an experience like this at a hotel. Well done Intercontinental Grand Stamford!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Markie_Mark115
<Content>Wonderful hotel if you are on the club floors I stayed at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford for two weeks while working in Hong Kong. I had a wonderful time. I arrived at the airport tired and bad tempered after the flight from Seoul, and went to their courtesy desk in the arrivals hall. They seated me in a hotel limo and away I went with no delay. The check-in was smooth and courteous (even deferential). I stayed on the club floor with a harbor view (which was incredible). The hotel is not flashy/glitzy, but is rather elegant in an understated kind of way. There are two very good fine dining restaurants in the basement level and a public bar on the lobby level which seemed very lively and fun.You should stay on the club floor. They have a cocktail hour every day at 6pm - 8:30pm. If you ask for a glass of champagne, they crack open a bottle of Veuve Cliquot Ponsardin!!!! You can keep drinking the glasses of champagne for 2 hours, and the club lounge steward will keep cracking open those bottles.....The club lounge has three rooms (one 'library' one sitting room, and one dining room/bar room). They are at the top of the hotel and overlook the harbor. In July 2007 they are due to open a new, larger and grander club lounge.....Concierge service is efficient (even at getting cabs in rainstorms!!) and the hotel has an ample fleet of cars for the use of club guests.There is a wonderful informal buffet/restaurant on the mez. level that does good meals (I tried it for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it was always very good). It can get crowded for weekend brunch (locals go there a lot) but they seat hotel guests first, so it isn't a problem....There is a ferry pier right outside the hotel with a speed ferry that goes to the Central piers every 20 mins, so if you don't feel like walking along the waterfront to Star Ferry, you can just use the one outside the hotel. There is also a large open air shopping area accross Mody Rd so there are convenience stores, pharmacies, etc all nearby. This was a relief to me since I had been on the road nearly a month by the time I arrived at Hong Kong.When it came time for me to leave HK, the club lounge reception arranged for me to keep my room until 7pm. At 7pm I went to the club lounge and the staff there sent bell boys to collect my luggage, then they sent for a receptionist to bring me my bill which was presented to me while I was sitting on a couch in the library sipping champagne and looking at the harbor view. Finally, when I was ready to leave, they called the front desk and had a car waiting for me at the hotel door.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BristolTourist
<Content>Nice hotel, good location Stayed here over Easter 2007. Excellent first impressions, good location (cross the nearby footbridge to the promenade and Avenue of Stars) , very clean and modern.Paid extra for the harbour view and were upgraded free of charge on check in to a larger executive suite. The harbour view is very impressive although you cannot quite see the tallest buildings in Central (e.g Bank of China, IFC2). Tea/coffee facilities and normal fridges meant you could chill your own drinks!Didn't eat in the hotel (Delifrance and Starbucks nearby for a quick and cheap breakfast) and too many fantastic restaurants to choose from nearby including a good Mexican, Shanghainese and British pub in nearby mini-shopping mal.Two words of warning though - we were on the 5th floor and our room was directly above the groundfloor bar and the music could easily be heard - on weekends there's entertainment until 3am! We did complain and it was turned down (normally we'd probably not mind so much but we had a night flight to Sydney at the end of the next day!). Also the free shuttle to Kowloon airport express station won't wait around - it pulls in and pulls straight out again so make sure you're there and bags ready! This shuttle is worth using as we were able to take our bags to the station first thing, check in for our evening BA/Quantas flight which gave us more time in HK that day as we arrived at the airport 45mins before departure!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AlexHertfordshire
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed here for 2 nights on the way back to UK from Australia. I havestayed in many hotels in Hong Kong and found this hotel to be excellend. Prompt and helpful service, nothing too much trouble. The rooms and beds were very comfortable with everything you could possibly require for your stay. Breakfast had everything you could want to eat and more. Good location and would thoroughly reccommend this hotel to anyone wanting a first class hotel. The Bar was extremely comfotable and plush and the chinese restuarant was also very good. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anorthernlight
<Content>Good choice for relaxing experience. Well run hotel. Stayed here with our two teenage boys for just under a week in early April. We found the service impeccable, the staff so polite and friendly.Our rooms were very comfortable and clean. We didn't pay extra for a harbour view but that was fine as we had two spacious rooms. Lovely big beds with feather duvets and lots of pillows. All sorts of useful things in the rooms like proper iron and ironing board, bath robes, plently of toiletries and toothbrush in case you had forgotten anything, writing desk and armchairs, complementary bottled water.The breakfast buffet was impressive, with eggs cooked to order, cereals, cold meats, fruit, yogurts, waffles, pancakes, pastries, a range of hot foods - I could go on - in fact lots of choice for english, european, american, japanese and chinese breakfast. Our boys found plenty of things they liked, and wanted to try, and fill up on, to start the day.The hotel is not on the main drag, but that means the surroundings are relatively peaceful. Across the road by a walkway is the promenade which leads to the Avenue of Stars and the main ferry piers, about 20 minutes walk away. However, the high speed ferry to Hong Kong Island leaves frequently from a jetty just opposite the hotel. It is a 10 minute walk to the MTR station. Buses stop right outside the hotel and we took a bus direct to Stanley (via the scenic coast). We used the Buffet Restaurant one evening and there was lots of choice, again to suit the palates of an international clientelle. We also tried the Buffet at the Shangri-La Hotel which was not nearly so good, as it was noisy, confusing and the service not a patch on the Grand Stanford. But our best meal out was at the Royal Garden Hotel Chinese Restaurant a few yards along the road, which was very tastefully decorated, impeccable service and delicious food.We did have some drinks in hotel one day and they were very expensive, but there are several bars nearby if that's what you want.All in all this hotel was an oasis of calm in a frantic city, and we were very pleased with our choice.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sascha11
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed. Adelaide South Australia Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. It would have been nice to have a room with a view of the habour, but we weren't in the room long enough ... just to sleep and wash. Room had everything you would need plus more. Check-in was quick and bags were delivered within 5 minutes after arriving in our room. Enjoyed that the hotel was away from the hustle and bustle of Nathan Road (only 10 minute walk ... good exercise).  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Markar41
<Content>Great Hotel, Good location.       View out of the window  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pertboy
<Content>OK, but not brilliant Stayed here on holiday in March 2007. I probably set my sights too high, and was therefore a little dissapointed.Location wise, it's fine: a 10 minute walk to Nathan Road (main shopping street in Kowloon), Avenue of Stars (where you can watch the nightly light display) and the MTR underground.As for the hotel itself, I wasn't bowled over by the levels of service. Check in took too long and the room, despite being promised one with a great view, overlooked a street. The room itself was smallish, but adequately furnished. Staff were friendly enough, but the levels of service seemed to fall short of the luxury hotels they compete with. We wanted to get a taxi, but found no one at the doors of the hotel to help get one for us. We went outside to find the staff laughing outside in a group and had to walk to the taxis that were waiting on the street. Our cases took an hour to be bought to our room. These kind of things detract from what should be a luxury experienceOverall, too expensive for what it is and lacking service  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sept_Rain
<Content>Nice but it looked a bit tired... We booked a 5D4N stay with the hotel. This would be my 2nd visit to Hong Kong in 4 months' time. I booked this hotel for myself  my family after reading the fave reviews about this hotel. The look of the hotel  lobby was nice. Check in service was fast. Though I have requested my two rooms to be adjoining but it wasnt ready upon my check in. But it was quickly solved by the reception who subsequently offer another room  I was too tired to hang around for another room.We didnt have nice views from our rooms - our rooms were facing the back of a building - but it was okay cos we werent staying in the room the whole day. I totally agreed with other reviewers that a harbour view room would be much better but it was okay with us. The decor of the room was okay - i feel slightly above average than other HK hotels. Just that I felt the bathroom looked tired. No stand-in shower was available - still gotta stand in a bathtub. The tolietries were great but i felt that the hotel wasnt too generous on that. No comb, no vanity set no extras shower gel, shampoo were available - only 1 set was available for a couple. I had to call the Instant Services a couple of times to request for them. I like the location - nice  quiet, about 10 minutes walk from TST MTR, 5 minutes from TST East KCR. But it is opposite the victoria habour which is a nice walk after breakfast or dinner. The service was good too - reception staff could still remember my name 2 days after my check-in  I hardly appear around the hotel except in the morning  late at night after my shopping.Given another opportunity to re-visit (which i hope soon cos i like the shopping), I will still use this hotel but this time round, I will book the harbour view room.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Kevin3835
<Content>Superb Hotel Part one of our trip to Hong Kong and Sydney saw my partner and i staying here for 3 nights enroute. From the very second of arriving to the moment we left we'd both say how fantastic this hotel was and how excellent the staff were.Originally we planned to stay in the Intercontinental Hong Kong (dont get confused by the 2 - the images on the Intercon site do make the other one look better....certainly the 'view' images do) but after reading some reviews on here and doing some research we realised this was by far the better of the two hotels, and only 5 mins apart, but in a great location.A couple of communications in advance with the hotel saw us upgraded to Club rooms.......and i'd have to recommend this if you can.Our upgraded room wasnt quite ready so we were taken to the Club Lounge while we waited. A bottle of Champagne and some fabulous canopes later we were in the room....and boy what a room.....with a view! When you walk through the door and see the harbour and the city lit up on the other side through a huge window (with window seat) you know you're in the right place.Breakfast , afternoon drinks and Cocktail hour is an absolute must for those with Club status......all 3 were an absolute pleasure and something to look forward to.Unusually for me there's nothing i can complain about in the room. Huge bed, very comfortable and superbly designed. Perfect.To be honest, there's nothing i can write about....it's all good. What more can i say!? If you want a great stay in Hong Kong, this is the one.Location wise, as i said, it's 5 minutes away from the other Intercon but it's a very pleasant 5 minute stroll along the harbour side, though there is a ferry to the main ferry point in Hong Kong directly opposite the hotel......and it cost about the same as half a Mars Bar!!!!!I suppose the one thing to make sure is that you request the Harbour View rooms where possible, but thats only because the view is amazing. And also be aware that these hotels are on Kowloon, not Hong Kong island........but fear not, it really isnt a problem and the view to Hong Kong is amazing.Unfortunately i didnt see any ladies wandering around reception.......but dont tell my beloved that i was keeping an eye out!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Temptationgirl
<Content>I stay here everytime I'm in Hong Kong This is my favorite hotel in Hong Kong, although it is on the Kowloon side.. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The lobby is lovely, the place is incredibly clean and the rooms are reasonably sized, the amenites are nice and the beds are comfortable....really comfortable. I always reserve a room with a King bed and sometimes the room overlooks the street, sometimes it's just a courtyard with a wall about 60 feet away, but since I don't spend much time in my room and the view isn't important to me, I'm not concerned. My priorities are that the bed is good, the room is attractive, the television works well, that the bathroom is nice with lots of hot water and there needs to be a safe in the room. I have to admit that I also like the robes, the slippers, the fact that there is a dvd player and often times they leave fruit for nibbling and chocolates on the bed. The breakfast buffet is very good with a selection that is excellent for the western palate. They serve a terrific afternoon tea on the second level of the lobby in a lovely sitting area.  The only real drawback is the distance to the MTR which is a solid 10 minute walk, so it's a bit of drag at the end of the day when you're carrying heavy bags. I've stayed elsewhere, but I always return to this hotel, it feels like home to me.  Kowloon always feels safe, I see those signs mentioning pick pockets, but that has never occured with me, although I do keep my purse zipped and tucked under my arm.  Two years ago, I even took my two teenage daughters and they felt completely at ease as well. Anyhow, I have nothing but positive things to say about this hotel. I hope you enjoy your stayCheers  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dan_Whicker
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location but at a Price Stayed at The Gran Stanford for 2 nights and was very impressed. My room was spotless and very comfortable. The roof swimming pool was great and I had it all to myself. I also managed to get into the Club Lounge and the complimentary food looked very good indeed and so was the harbour view from the window. Outside I felt very safe walking around on my own. The harbour is about 2 minutes walk away and you can cross Salisbury Road by an elevated walkway. Also across the road there is a plaza with fountain where you can get some good food at cheap prices. Also, a few bars/restaurants offer happy hours most nights.The bar in the hotel had a live band when I was there and they were very good. Just a word of caution, beware of the ladies walking around the bar looking for lone men to buy them drinks. If they offer anymore I do not know.Anyway, I would certainly recommend The Stanford to anybody.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Buds46
<Content>Luxury Hotel for a short stay in Hong Kong On reaching the hotel we were lucky enough to see the christmas day fireworks and they were spectacular. The hotel itself was beautifully decorated and very busy for christmas day :)When checking in we were told we had a city view room even though I had requested a harbour view room and even paid the upgrade for a harbour view room - no matter how much I pleaded, I wasnt upgraded - was very disappointed with this. My disappointment was short lived when we reached our room - it was just what we needed after a long flight. Comfy bed, clean bathroom and a shower to ease the headache.We went downstairs for dinner and thought we would try one of the 2 restaurants in the hotels - the chinese. If you are not accustomed to chinese food then order with caution - we ordered vegetarian abalone (have no idea what abalone is but was told that this is a delicacy!) and my husband ordered black chicken thinking that this would be chicken with some kind of black bean sauce - the chicken came and it was black - not with a sauce but literally a black chicken - again we were told that this is a delicacy. Niether of us ate our meal and the waiter must have thought we were strange!!! the bill came and we were very shocked - for what we had ordered, the bill came to 拢50 and that was without starters and included 1 beer!!!We did eat again at the hotel but this time opted for the Mistral where there were more vegetarian options and again this meal was also fairly expensive. Tiffanys New York bar was no better - especially when you convert the prices to Sterling and realise that bars in the centre of London dont charge these prices!!All of this was counte balanced by the pure luxury and relaxtion of the hotel room.There's a starbucks nearby and sticky fingers do good food. There is a thai restaurant called Mai's in the Miramir Shopping centre - good luck finding it - they did the best thai food - try the papaya salad!!Also make sure you take a trip to Stanley Market and the big buddha - hint is to book your ticket for the cable car trip the day before so that you can jump the queue a little bit - the queues are very long and you could even queue up for hours to find that you dont get a ticket.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>tivogirl
<Content>Best service I've EVER had at a hotel!       Bathroom with beautiful finishes  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>buv1955
<Content>Highlight of Hong Kong       Hong Kong from the Peak  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scorpioneyes
<Content>Good service, luxurious details       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>beachbabeonce
<Content>Loved it!       Bird market  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emandjaytee
<Content>Excellent hotel in HK, and a fantastic birthday surprise! My wife booked a four night stay here as a birthday surprise for me, having never been to Hong Kong before. On arrival, we upgraded to both a harbour view room and the executive floor. Both proved to be excellent choices. We had an excellent view of Hong Kong island, through the window that encompassed the entire wall of the room. The facilties provided in the executive floor lounge proved to be equally excellent - breakfast, afternoon tea, and an evening reception complete with high quality hors d'oeuvre and fantastic, friendly, service. We had the benefit of staying on the top floor, and so had easy access to the (rather cold) rooftop pool, lounge and fitness centre.We found all staff to be very accomodating, helpful, friendly and polite. From sorting out restaurant reservations in very popular (and so busy) restaurants to general advice, we found the concierge to be very helpful. Check-in staff were friendly and polite.In summary, we would highly recommend a stay in this hotel whilst in Hong Kong, and would have no hesitation in staying there again. We have been fortunate to travel to most parts of the world frequently, and would definitely recommend this hotel as a very comfortable and relaxing place to stay in such a frenetic city.Unusually, there would be no criticism I would make of the hotel, its facilities or its staff, and so highly recommend a stay here. But - do as we did and book both a harbour view room and the executive floor - you won't regret it!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tcrb04a
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in a beautiful city We stayed at this hotel during a tour of China with Ritz Tours in September.It is a wonderful hotel, only surpassed by the St. Regis in Shanghai. The Front Desk and Concierge are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are very, very nice. Nice small pool on the roof.Excellent food in the breakfast buffet.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crytal
<Content>Five Star Service for a Solid 4 Star Hotel IGS was an excellent experience. Rooms were spacious enough, esp. for HK. Decor was very nice, with great electronic controls. Bathroom was modern and clean with granite countertops. Rooftop swimming pool and fitness center were very nice , clean and rejuvenating.Stayed with IGS for 10 nights in two segments, before and after a trip to Beijing. (Hotel held our luggage.). The location in E. TST was preferred by us since it was not in the middle of the busiest and noisiest parts of HK. Taxis were always waitng in the front of the hotel. 10 minute walk to the metro or train north into mainland China. Very nice shopping plaza with good food choices and shops directly across from the hotel. HSBC bank with ATM in the plaza (very convenient for account holders).Best part was the top-notch staff service. Special mention must be made of the Concierges and the Instant Message Telephone Operators. Every request I made was responded to immediately or research was done to provide me with the best possible response. I was impressed with how hard the staff worked to provide quality customer service. This was the best service I have ever received in a hotel/ resort and I have travelled quite extensively in the continental U.S., Hawaii, the Carribean, Mexico and Canada, staying at highly rated timeshare resorts and hotels.I got a free upgrade to a partial harbor view room for the first part of my stay, which was quite wonderful and beautiful. The second part of my stay, a non-smoking room had smoke odor, especially bad in the bath, but then the hotel upgraded me to a high floor city view non-smoking room which was indeed free of smoke odor. Housekeeping requests were also met immediately.I loved this hotel and wished I could have my home in this hotel because the service was that good and luxurious. By the way, as stated in a previous post?, the staff remember the guest's name almost immediately. I agonized over hotel choices and I am so very glad we made the reservation at this particular hotel in HK. I highly recommend this first rate hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dh20281
<Content>Great Value for Money Stayed for 2 nights as part of a three week tour of Far East. Hotel was great value for money although our room faced onto a wall.Staff really good and position of hotel good for shopping, eating and drinking.Sticky Fingers Pub down the road is great especially at happy hour 5pm-9pm.Pool is small but is an oasis in the buzz of HK. Would recommend to anyone looking to spend a few days in Kowloon, as HK Island is quieter and less crowded.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand STandforf The Grand Standford is a modern and characterless hotel. It aspires to a level of grandeur to which it falls short.The lobby is vaulted and,on first impressions looks impressive but it doesn't contain much except a nice curved staircase which takes you up to the restaurant.The staff, however, are efficient,smartly dressed and helpful but this is not untypical of the better standard of Hong Kong hotel.Food is of a good standard but,on Sundays, the Shangri-la down the road is much better as it does an excellent Lunch menu at a fixed price.There are many better or cheaper places to eat so you might consider going room only and spending the difference on a harbour view room which is a must.Beware some rooms point inwards to a very drab internal space and some of the Harbour view rooms are obscured by a flyover.If you do get a harbour view room, when you leave in the morning open the curtains wide.When you come back in the evening the view of Hong Kong Island is worth the admission fee!Drinks are very expensive,especially the mini-bar but, again, this is not untypical of an hotel which caters for business clientel.There's a lounge bar which does some nice snacky 'bar' food and a pool on the roof.The rooms are spacious and well fitted out but they do not compare with the Shangri la in Singapore or Jakarta (Jakarta Shang is the nicest hotel i have stayed at.)Nathan road is about a 10 min walk and the star ferry about 15mins down the harbour front. Temple street and Ladies market about 10 min taxi drive, but beware if it rains taxi's are hard to come by! Use the underground instead.All in all a decent, clean efficient hotel but that almost sounds like damning with faint praise .  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Experience at the Grand Stanford, Hong Kong Stayed here for at least two weeks as part of my honeymoon. Althought we had some problems w/this hotel, I'd have to admit that the staff are very courteous  fairly professional. Easy access when it comes to transportation  location centralize. The problems that we had was the fact that I had stated on my reservation that we were on our honemoon  requested for a fairly nice view but were given a view w/a brick wall at first. Then we were charged for an upgrade but to only be give a view of the street. After the upgrade, the toilet didn't work for a night but that was taken care of it promptly. Was well appreciated. The rooms were fairly spacious  fairly clean. Lobby was beautiful, indeed. But I, too, got confuse w/this hotel  the Intercontinental. Hehe. But that's alright.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>p750777
<Content>one night review I stayed one night at this hotel (3rd June 2006) with my partner on holiday. Im a Priority Club Club Member so no huge benefits and booked this hotel online for a package that included breakfast and late checkout. We were allocated a cityview room on the 5th floor. I was pleasantly surprised by the room size which was large by Hong Kong standards. The bed was very good and comfortable and the room also included a DVD player.The room looked to be newly refurbished but felt old fashioned compared to other Asian Hotels. The location in Kowloon is ok (good for shopping on Nathan Road and nightlife) but a good 10 minute walk from the MTR and 15/20 minute walk to the Star ferry to Hong Kong Island. There is a free shuttle to the hotel from the Kowloon Airport Express Railway station. The breakfast was very busy but a good selection of food, although the queues for eggs/omlette were so long that I gave up. Thee were a large number of Japanese tourists staying at the hotel at the time of my visit.The hotel pool is small but on the rooftop and offers views over the harbour an surrounding skyline, it was an oasis of calm.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmoncymru
<Content>Loved the stanford       champagne and cake at the stanford  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Griffinathigham
<Content>6 days of joy Not to be confused with The Intercontinental which is where I thought I was staying, but I was not dissapionted with the Stanford.Lovely foyer and nice rooms, Great service and staff but would advise you drink elsewhere due to the price, spend what you save on drinks and get a Harbour View, its a wow factor sight.As for eating out, theres a pub called Sticky Fingers just down the road, food is great although to look at the place you,d think twice, dont leave it to late because after 9 it turns into entertainment venue.If you want tailoring, go to Lees of Paris, again just around the corner of the Hotel. I had a suit made in 24 hrs, liked it so much went back for 5 more. 拢180 for suit 拢25 for shirts.For fake watches and bags go to Ladies market in Mong Kok, totally amazing, dont forget to haggle.We stayed in Hong Kong May 2006 and would,nt hesitate to return , thought it was great value accept for drinks. Off to Dubai now to Grand Hyatt which I know is fab.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SEAGULLSUPPORTER
<Content>Very Good Value Our first time in HK and we were very taken with this hotel. Off to a great start when we were allocated a room early in the morning after an overnight flight from Sydney. Staff very friendly and professional. Pool and food vg. I would have no hesitation in recommending the IC Great Stanford  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ksenofon
<Content>Lovely hotel, a little away from the madness Stayed here with the better half last Summer for ten days. We had a very nice harbour view room on the Executive floor -- the view was fantastic and the room nice and spacious with a nice decor. Bathroom was good, but not spectacular. Executive Lounge was among the best we have seen, with a nice breakfast and good afternoon tea and evening hors d'oeuvres. House champagne was Pol Roger which flowed freely (it makes sense to go for an executive floor room, as the free breakfast and drinks can save a good deal of money).Pool was undergoing renovations at the time, but we had free access to the pool at both the Nikko next door (disappointing) and the other InterContinental closer to the centre (fabulous -- being able to pop into the other I-C for lounging at the pool was very convenient...)Some people seem to consider the location in East Tsimshatsui a disadvantage, but we quite liked it. Cabs were easy to get and there was a pier for catching a ferry to the Island just across the road.Service was nice and efficient without being too stuffy for our taste. Especially the lounge staff were great.If you are looking for over-the-top five-star luxury, this hotel might not be your cup of tea, but for a supremely comfortable and well-priced holiday or business trip base in Hong Kong, the Grand Stanford is highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dm713
<Content>Excellent hotel, stellar service! Our group moved to the IC after a very poor experience at the Nikko next door (still undergoing renovations, can hardly breathe with all the paint fumes, not treated well by staff, etc. etc.). Although the IC is a bit more expensive, the difference of a few dollars was truly outstanding.Rooms - tremendous! Especially on the harbour view club wings. The Club Lounge was terrific, a broad range of offerings both at breakfast and happy hour. The IC is definitely more suited to Western business travelers, whereas the Nikko caters more to Japanese tour groups. It was very easy to have informal business meetings in the IC's lobby area.One nick against the IC is that their restaurants are quite overpriced. However there are some fantastic choices just outside the door -- Incontro and Ruth's Chris in particular.I will definitely return to the IC, it is top-notch!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peteMALAYSIA
<Content>Nice Room! My partner and I,spent our previous vacation the year before,at the Kowloon in TST,hence,we were a bit apprehensive about the 4/5 star ratings of HK hotels!After reading the reviews of all hotels that were available through the Cathay Pacific 'package' that we intended to purchase,we chose the ICGS based on the good reviews posted here.I must say,we were pleasantly surprised with the size and quality of the room that we were given(DLX KING).It had no view,but we did not intend to spend much time indoors.Buffet Breakfast that was included in the package was very good and matched the ones we were used to at the 5-star hotels,back home in Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia.Unfortunately,on both days that we had breakfast there,the coffee came to me luke warm!This was rectified as soon as I brought the matter up to the apologetic staff,but then,2 days in a row is a bit much.We decided to extend our stay another night and had a great time shopping in HK.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Blackcat2
<Content>Convenient Hotel I would agree with the previous review that this hotel is still in a good location despite not being considered as favourably as the other top end hotels. It is easy to walk across to the promenade and stroll down to the star ferry or head on up to Nathan Road. The room was quite large and we paid for the harbour view, which I thought was good enough. You could probably pay more for a hotel closer to things but why bother?  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tdflynn
<Content>Great location! We opted for the Grand Stanford through an Airmiles deal, so it was a luxury hotel for our budget trip. Don't worry about choosing room only, there is a DeliFrance cafe one minute from the hotel for an excellent breakfast and harbour view! We didn't mind the walk from the hotel to the star ferry etc; who could complain about the magnificent habour walk only a couple of minutes from the hotel door? It was stunning!! Or browsing the many shops to reach the MTR; I hardly noticed the short walk. When you arrive, make use of the Airport Express to Kowloon station and the FREE shuttle to the hotel (this is not run by the hotel, but is an extension to your Express ticket. It's hassle free on your return also!) I have no problem recommending the IC Grand Stanford for it's location, comfort and friendliness. I simply loved Hong Kong and am eager to return!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beechmi
<Content>Good, but not Great Value in Hong Kong   showReview(4455635, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Merlin5
<Content>Very accommodating hotel   showReview(4357593, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meltbaby1972
<Content>Nicely decorated room   showReview(4351708, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely bed   showReview(3910746, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AFC1
<Content>Very good hotel   showReview(3806227, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GreyFamily
<Content>Great views, great service   showReview(3744875, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabirds
<Content>Nice hotel, undergoing renovations   showReview(3726635, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(3609482, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adiva
<Content>A great hotel for a reasonable price   showReview(3259342, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value   showReview(2579458, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>laplas
<Content>銇俱仛銇俱仛   showReview(23265575, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetravelling87
<Content>Wow!   showReview(23167304, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(22855665, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仌銇嬨伄鏈€涓婇殠   showReview(22855358, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DWST
<Content>Top Interconti Qualit盲t   showReview(21633401, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sfbell
<Content>閲嶅帤銇劅銇樸伄鐢锋€у悜銇戙儧銉嗐儷銇犮仺銇娿倐銇勩伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(20996464, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪銉兓銈般儵銉炽儔銈广偪銉炽儠銈┿兗銉夈兓銉涖兂銈炽兂銇娉?#x201d;   showReview(19914919, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmfr69
<Content>Tr茅s bon emplacemnt , Bon standing   showReview(18488075, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>sexto
<Content>Buen hotel   showReview(16456612, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝撴ソ琛楄繎銇?#x201d;   showReview(19888108, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19888095, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€涓婇殠銇儣銉笺儷銇屾渶楂橈紒銇俱仩鏂般仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19888061, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇屾渶鎮紒   showReview(19887074, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19883977, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇亷銇斻仜銇俱仚   showReview(19883962, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屸棊鏈濋銇屸棊銇с倐銈点兗銉撱偣銇兓銉汇兓銆€   showReview(19883943, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寰銇с仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(19883104, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銈堚槅   showReview(19882735, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚屻仒銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪銉仹銈傘€傘€傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19882531, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚℃牸銇ㄣ伄銉愩儵銉炽偣銇屽彇銈屻仸銇勩倠   showReview(19882522, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨伅銇俱仛銇俱仛銇簝...   showReview(19927511, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绂忓病鐧?娉?鏃?98...   showReview(19920863, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄣ亜銇ｃ仸銈傞儴灞嬨亱...   showReview(19919505, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>KCR銇儧銉炽儚銉犻銇?..   showReview(19917554, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

