<Author>Wearytraveller_9
<Content>Great Location Good clean hotel and close to many famous Seattle attractions. Upon our check-in, we were greeted by very nice and knowledgeable staff who gave us tour maps of the area and coupons to use in the restaurant/lounge attached to the hotel. Only had breakfast, but it was excellent with good friendly staff. Room very nice andclean, comfortable bed. Nice updated furnishings and remodeled rooms. Free internet.Walked to the Space Needle within a few minutes. The only downside to the hotel was the $10 parking fee per night, but most of the parking in downtown Seattle is pretty expensive anyway. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning on doing touristy things in Seattle and who doesn't want to pay for an expensive downtown Seattle hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>invisible999
<Content>Average... I have to admit - I stay with Holiday Inn/Express because they are appx 20% cheaper that same class Hilton/Marriott hotels (Garden Inn, etc) and because they offer double miles. Taken away those incentives and I'd always stay at Hilton/Marriott.This particular hotel in Seattle is nothing extraordinary - you get what you've paid for. Rooms are clean, staff is friendly, parking is $10 (show me the same class hotel with free secured parking - I'll stay there next time). I'd recommend stay here if you are for a business meeting(s) and those are primarily in downtown. However if you need to travel other side of the lake than probably it would be better to find something there. Traffic on ALL roads is a disaster. Avoid I-405 at ALL costs. It took me 45 minutes to travel 12 miles - you've got an idea.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Reisefuedli
<Content>neighborhood not so great, rooms are convenient Stayed two nights in Seattle. Neighborhood absolutely ok during the day, at night not so great to go out for a woman. Rooms are well equipped and clean.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	1	-1	4	

<Author>hekili98
<Content>Good Value in Seattle The Holiday Inn Seattle is located approximately 6 blocks from the downtown Nordstrom and Belltown, 12 blocks to the market, and 3 blocks to the new Whole Foods and the South Lake Union Streetcar. Like Belltown and Downtown, there are homeless in the area and a lot of construction around. That being said, we walked around during the day and night and never felt unsafe. Our double room with a king bed was clean, large and nicely furnished (and free Wi-Fi and business center). There is an on-site restaurant and reasonable secure parking ($10). For the price paid, the Holiday Inn Seattle gives you a lot of value in this increasingly expensive city..  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>denali1118
<Content>Holiday Inn Seattle My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Seattle. We found this hotel to be very accommodating and close to many famous Seattle attractions. Upon our check-in, we were greeted by a very nice and knowledgeable staff who gave us tour maps of the area and coupons to use in the restaurant/lounge attached to the hotel (we only had drinks, so I cannot make any recommendations about the food). We went up to our room and found it to be very nice with a clean, comfortable bed. It seems that Holiday Inns have done some re-branding recently, and with that has come updated furnishings and remodeled rooms. We quickly went exploring around the hotel and walked to the Space Needle within 15 minutes (there is a busy street behind the hotel with no way to get across, so you must walk a little out of the way to get to a cross walk). Additionally, we had tickets to a University of Washington football game and the campus was a quick drive from the hotel. We had a short drive to Pike's Market, but we determined that it would have been a pleasant walk to and from the Market if we had not planned on shopping. The only downside to the hotel was the $10 parking fee per night, but most of the parking in downtown Seattle is pretty expensive anyway. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning on doing touristy things in Seattle and who doesn't want to pay for an expensive downtown Seattle hotel.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurierene
<Content>The Best Staff My family and I stayed at this hotel last week to attend a concert at the Key Arena. The staff was SUPER friendly (loved the Executive Housekeeper that let me bum a smoke). The rooms were clean and the arena was within walking distance. I will stay here again and highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whatohok
<Content>Nice room, good price, good location If you want a decent room, in a good location this is the place to stay. The hotel is within walking distance to Key Arena, the Space Needle, and the monorail which will take you downtown. Room was clean, nice bedding on a comfortable bed. The only minor complaint is the carpet looked a little dingy, but I guess that is to be expected due to high use/ traffic.Another bonus is there is a parking garage at the hotel. For $10 you can leave your car all day while you go see the sites. I would stay here again, no doubt!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LouiseAl
<Content>Okay location and nice rooms       Seattle Skyline from Spaceneedle with football stadium Qwestfield in the background  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>EstevanTravels
<Content>Great Hotel Staff was excellent; rooms are very clean and nicely decorated and modern looking. The Hotel Manager was extremely friendly when greeting you. Within walking distance of many of Seattle’s sights. Food was great and the restaurant staff was great as well. Will definitely tell others to stay here and will most definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Boy_Scout
<Content>Good Value       King Size Room  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>huw2006
<Content>Great price for a few blocks out of the centre Stayed in Seattle for 5 nights for a convention...was pleasantly surprised that it was only a 15 minute walk to the Convention Centre and very close to the Space Needle.Large clean room with good internet access. Ate a couple of times at the Emerald Grill bar - limited menu but ok food.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>kceesse
<Content>Great Hotel I really don't know why it is ranked so low on tripadvisor, but this hotel is pretty good! I had pretty low expectations when I entered the hotel, because it was ranked 60-something here. However, when I arrived, it was pleasantly surprised. Looking at previous reviews, there are three main complaints about showers not clearing fast enough, rough neighborhood, noises from hallway. First, the showers worked perfectly, and drained really well. Second, this hotel is NOT in a bad neighborhood, rather it was a pretty safe place. There are so many hotels so close to this one (Holiday Inn Express, Loyal Inn, sixth avenue inn etc) and it is pretty safe. Also, the hotel is really close to the rest of Seattle's main attractions. Walk to Pike Place takes 15 minutes (walking is perfectly fine), because you get to walk across downtown/Westin/Macy/5th avenue and all the exciting places before arriving at your hotel. Noise from hallway can be a problem though. Pros- Free Internet- Helpful Staff- Great rooms and comfortable beds- Clean rooms- Newspaper on morning- Emerald Grill is a nice place- Short elevator waits- Close to main attractions- Attractive prices- Microwave and fridge in roomCons- Somewhat limited food options around the hotel (a 10-minute walk to 5th avenue gives you more food options)- Hallway noise, you can hear footsteps from the hallway on your floor, as well as upstairs. - Not so great views, but who cares- This freeking alarm clock!!! BEWARE!! The first night, the alarm clock rang at 4:37am!!! I was like are you kidding me! Apparently, the alarm clock rings every morning at the same time if you don't turn it off (and it is not so clear how to turn it off!) The largest button on the clock is snooze, so I pushed it because I was half asleep! turns out, it rang again in 15 minutes and so on. Make sure you check your alarm clock before you go to bed each night.Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is really nice, comfortable and affordable.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KelownaMustang
<Content>Good location for the cost We stayed at the Holiday Inn over the Easter weekend. For us it was a very convenient location as we were taking in a couple hockey games at the Key Arena. We drove to Seattle and as we knew the hotel was near the Space Needle it was quite easy to find. The hotel is very close to the Space Needle, Key Arena and fairly close to downtown and the waterfront. Considering the location of the hotel we felt the cost was very reasonable. Our room was fine, it was clean, everything worked, there was a decent sized fridge in the room as well as a microwave. The televisions could be updated although we didn't spend a whole lot of time watching tv.There is quite a bit of construction in the area so if your walking you need to watch out for the odd closed sidewalk etc. We walked to the hockey games both nights and felt safe as there were plenty of people coming and going from the different venues in the area.One odd thing we found with the hotel was the curtains do not close, all you could close were some very thin shears. As we were directly across from another wing of the hotel you could look directly into their rooms so turn the lights out!!!! We had to ask for a map of the area, there were no brochures in the lobby.If your staying at the Holiday Inn do not get it mixed up with the Holiday Inn Express. They are side by side and I actually thought I had booked the Holiday Inn Express but ended up at the Holiday Inn by fluke. I didn't realize this until we ordered a pizza and the delivery guy was knocking on someones door late at night in the wrong hotel. Fortunately I had given him my cell number and eventually we connected. All in all we were satisfied with this hotel due to the cost and the location.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>girlnyelm
<Content>Dexter Ave Holiday Inn- Yuck. Located near the space needle, but not in an area I was comfortable walking in. Our room had a strange odor, the carpet was covered in stains, TV was fuzzy, couldn't get the game system to work. Food in the restaurant was passable, though the wait staff was very pleasant. No tourist information available anywhere. Not a place to go if you're looking for a weekend away.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vintageseattle
<Content>Loved the Holiday Inn Really enjoyed the Holiday Inn----more than I expected I would. I bought the room the night before our stay on Priceline. I tried to get a four star hotel for next to nothing, and that didn't work, so I went for a lowball offer for a three star!! Got the room for $82 with tax! As other reviewers have said, Priceline states that other three star hotels include the Sheraton which I was hoping for. Being a Seattleite I was just away for one night with my wife---which also happened to coincide for the first Thursday of the month free Seattle Art Museum admission, amongst other gallery walk opportunities----so we had a great time away from the kids!Anyways, Holiday Inn staff excellent, let her know we were Priority Club members and we immediately were given warm cookies, voucher for free app. in the restaurant and fun scratch ticket that we won free parking ($8) in the garage from! Didn't even have to show my Priority club card or have a number.Room excellent, clean, view of lake, next to King 5 TV station--watched the news helicopter take off and land--kind of fun, refer, MW and room was good sized and didn't smell!!Highly recommend for an affordable night out in town.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KimberlyONE
<Content>Business travelers beware I stayed here for three nights with colleagues. We had a very important package delivered via overnight FedEx to the hotel on our second morning there. Despite noting both our name, room number and telephone number on the package, it was not given to us. Even after checking with the front desk, the package was not located. In fact, it was only after calling the hotel the week AFTER we stayed there, trying to track down the package, that they finally found it. Other frustrations:- the area in front of the hotel that you must pass through in order to park your car is frequently blocked, leaving you waiting for upwards of ten minutes just to get into the parking garage at times- the internet connection is not reliable and wireless is not available in the roomsPlusses:- location is good- Starbucks nearby  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marc1976
<Content>Pleased With The Holiday Inn Seattle My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Seattle from November 10, 2007 through November 13, 2007 in room 528. Overall we were very impressed with the quality of the hotel accommodations for the price we paid.  We stayed 3 nights through a Southwest Airlines vacation package so we do not know exactly how much the room was per night. Roundtrip air fare from New York, three nights, fees, and taxes came to $799.00 total for the both of us. My guess is that the room cost us about $80 a night.Check-in went very quickly. Kimberly was very friendly and gave us a two-room suite. We were only expecting an ordinary room, but that was a pleasant surprise. The room was very clean and had a living room area with a sofa as well as a bedroom. The room also came with two television sets. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but served all of our basic needs. There were plenty of towels. The shower pressure was very strong. We enjoyed all the complimentary shampoos and soaps and found them to be of a good quality. The bed was very comfortable as well and came with four pillows. The living room also had a sink, refrigerator, counter space, and a microwave. Our room also had a nice view of the Seattle skyline. The location of the hotel was not the greatest, but by being just slightly outside the downtown area, we got a good deal on the price (and so could you). If you walk just 5 minutes west you’re in the downtown area. You are also a 10 minute walk from the Space Needle. We felt completely safe near the hotel. Yes, if you’re walking in the direction of the Space Needle, there is a highway, but all you have to do is walk a block west and you’re at a safe pedestrian crossing. If you do not like walking, there are a number of buses that can get you to downtown and other parts of Seattle. The number 5 or 358 bus can drop you off practically right across the street from the hotel. Buses are only $1.25-$2.00 and free in most of the downtown area. We recommend taking a 194 express bus from the airport to 4th Avenue and University, walking one block west to 3rd Avenue, and taking the 5 bus to the hotel. That bus ticket will only cost you $2.00 as opposed to a $40-$50 taxi ride. There were some minor inconveniences. We did not get maid service our third day there. The made came by at 4:30 pm and I asked her to come back in 15 minutes as we were preparing to attend a Seahawks game. The maid never came back to clean the room. The hotel did not have a pool, which would have been nice. The carpets in the hotel hallways were in need of replacement and clearly showed their age. This hotel met all of our basic needs and we saved a ton of money staying here as opposed to a similar quality hotel that is a 5 minute walk closer to the downtown area. We would definitely stay here again.Marc T. Hardekopf  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>deannasmy
<Content>taking advantage of people You could'nt pay me to stay here.We are from Canada and went to get a room for the night maybe two on a Saturday night the man at the front desk was very rude. and wanted to charge us $300.00us for one night and the worse part about it was that it was 2.30 am now that is taking advantage of people.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>societypnk
<Content>Great hotel in a not so great area. Got this hotel on Priceline for $109 a night, which seemed like a fair price for a 3* in Downtown Seattle. The hotel definitely has its pros and cons. PROS: Pretty elegant lobby (as far as Holiday Inns go), incredibly polite and helpful front desk staff, clean and modern rooms, microwave and refrigerator in room, free internet in room, excellent shower pressure, restaurant on site (which I didn't try, but it looked very nice), cheap parking.CON: There is only one con, and it's only a con if you do not have a car with you during your trip. Sadly, the location of the hotel is somewhat inconvenient to downtown Seattle. It is in very close proximity to the space needle, but there is a busy highway next to the hotel, so you have to walk completely out of the way to get to a crosswalk. Overall, it is about a 10 minute walk to the space needle, which isn't too bad, but the walk to the rest of the downtown attractions requires more time and energy. For example, to walk to Pike Place Market is between 25 and 30 minutes. It helps that there is a monorail at the space needle that can take you downtown for $2 each way, but unfortunately it stops running at 11PM, so for late nights walking is your only option. However, the whole time I was there, I never felt unsafe walking around even at night, so the walking can be good if you have the energy.Overall, obviously it would have been nice to stay a hotel closer to downtown attractions, such as the Sheraton, but this hotel was also much cheaper and still had very high quality rooms and service, so I would recommend it for travelers with a car, or enough endurance for the walking.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelchic83
<Content>never go back I was very disappointed by the service there-the restaurant is only open for breakfast on Sun-when we wanted lunch. THere is NOT a quick place to grab a bite to eat around, sirens galore (to get an idea about what part of town this location is in-and the staff was extremely rude and not helpful! My advice-pay a little more to stay in a better part of town!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>amyliz27
<Content>Cool Kids Suite We stayed here for almost a week while my husband was in Seattle for a conference. We chose a 'kids suite' because we were traveling with our 21 month old son. It consisted of a regular king size hotel room with a separate room which contained a set of twin bunkbeds, an adult desk, a small kid-sized table, and a bookshelf/dresser. The problem with the room layout is that the bathroom and closet door is located off of the kids' room. For the price (compared to other downtown hotels), I was very happy with what we got.Overall, the hotel was nice, not great, but nice. Rooms were clean, pillows were comfy (including a pillow menu to choose whatever you like), towels were relatively absorbent though small. The front desk staff was very helpful, including 2 or 3 phone calls before the trip. The location was OK, near downtown (my husband walked to the convention center every day-15 minutes walk), but the area seemed to be in a state of revitalization. The park that's across the street had several homeless men and women who'd 'hang out' there, yet there was a very nice whole foods grocery store not 3 blocks from there. There was a TON of road construction going on on Dexter Ave., but that was par for the course across the city and not Holiday Inn's fault. There was a restaurant in the hotel, but we never went there. The biggest negative about Seattle in general is the parking. The hotel parking was clean, safe, and easily accessible through the elevator. If you'd travel off property, you'd pay $10-12 for 2 hours, almost regardless of where you went. Hotel parking was $8/day and there were plenty of spots. If I had to go back to Seattle under the same circumstances, I would definitely choose this hotel again.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Mr_Cat
<Content>Really nice pillows! Checked into this hotel after a week cruising Alaska so we were used to good food and service.No problems at check in at 8:30 in the morning and GOT A ROOM straight away....very impressed - we were expecting to have to leave our cases there until we could check in later in the day.Hallways and lifts are a bit dated but the rooms are OK.Now the pillows...wow so soft and fluffy, a real delight after such hard ones on the cruise.Free Internet was fast and the included breakfast was above average.Overall we would stay again.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>aduckisaduck
<Content>OK, budget tourist hotel The front desk staff is very nice and accomodating, when I wanted to upgrade my room becasue we needed an extra bed she was very willing and did upgrade us to a room with a pull out sofa. The rooms are a good size and come with a little kitchenette, (microwave, small refrigerator and sink). The beds had spring mattresses and though not completely uncomfortable not the comfort I'm use to in hotels I stay in. There were some wierdness going on in the room above us but this wasn't the hotel's fault. WHen I called down so to complain about my upstair neighbor they were quick to accomadate.A big con was the bath tub did not drain out well so when you took a shower you were standing in about three inches or more of water because the water drained out so slow. I didn't call down about it becasue I was only staying for a night. This Holiday Inn location is not centrally located in the middle of Seattle downtown but its an easy access to it. It's a short walk to the Space Needle and Seattle Center where you can catch the monarail to downtown. The only thing is the monarail runs until about 9 PM and after that you had to take a cab or if you are feeling adventurous the bus back to the hotel. A good tourist hotel, a good pick for the traveller who is on a budget and just needs the basics, plus a little bit more.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baby_Sokes
<Content>Decent location, decent hotel This hotel was okay. We booked it on Priceline, where it was compared to Hilton, Marriott and Sheraton. Compared to that, it was disappointing. However, the rooms were clean, nicely decorated, contained microwave, fridge, and a coffeemaker. Other than being really small--they worked. The staff was friendly and the parking was easy.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>ccba
<Content>Needs renovation, not recommended I spent a night here in September 2006. I assumed that the Holiday Inn name meant a certain level of quality, but not at this hotel. The hotel is located in a rundown part of town away from the downtown. Can you walk to Pike Place market and other attractions? - Yes, if you bring a good pair of walking shoes. This hotel is really not convenient and other hotels in Seattle would be better if you want to walk around town. The lobby is nice and modern but the furniture in my room was old and the carpet was spotted and dirty. As others have mentioned, if you plan to stay here ask for a room on the top floor. The person in the room above mine had the tv on late into the night and I had a hard time sleeping because I easily could hear it. There were some good things about this hotel: the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was spacious and clean. If you can find a room here at a budget price and you dont mind a looonng walk to attractions, consider staying here.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Fairandmoderate
<Content>Good location, good hotel We stayed 2 nights at this hotel to visit the city. The hotel gave us a good impression right from the start. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient. They gave us helpful information about things to visit, services nearby, etc. We could take our room immediately upon arrival, even if it was only about 1:00 PM. The undergound parking was nice and relatively cheap ($4.50) for the location. The room was very clean and equipped with a microwave, a little fridge, all what we needed for little snacks in the room. We appreciated the free internet access to check our emails while we were away. Although not right in the middle of downtown, the location is reasonably good: within walking distance of Seattle Center and the Monorail. Perhaps this is even better for someone who comes to Seattle by car and does not want to look for too long to find the place, park the car, and then walk or use public transit. Since we are good walkers, we walked to Pike Place and back from the hotel, no sweat. The area appears to be quite safe, at least before dark. Definitely to consider if we go back to Seattle. The quality of this hotel appears to be consistent with the Holiday Inn standards.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melly_Girl
<Content>Clean, but noisy Got a good deal through priceline only a few weeks before going there during Bumbershoot (over Labor Day weekend). We were surprised that we got such a low price for the holiday weekend. The non-smoking room didn't smell at all, we were happy with the air conditioning (Seattle was having a heatwave), and the friendly staff. Only bad thing is that we could hear noises from the upstairs room and from the hallway. The maids were around making noise in the morning, but that's only a problem if you're trying to sleep past 8am.Also the parking is only $4.50 a night in the secured garage below the hotel, the spots are a bit on the tight side but that's only if you don't know how to park.I read some people complained the hotel wasn't close to anything? Seattle Center is just a few blocks away, the roads are heavily traveled but that's what the crosswalks are for. And there are multiple bus stops within a block, and the drivers are friendly enough to help get you where you want to go.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Phamer
<Content>Great Downtown Value I was very pleased with our 1 night stay here after our cruise. The rooms were clean and functional. The staff was very helpful. Upon a late-night arrival, check-in was smooth. The hotel clerk offered my son a cookie. The next day, the staff checked in our bags while we spent the day in Seattle, and arranged for a private van to pick us up and take us to the airport. They also provided us with a map and directions to downtown. The location is right near the Seattle Center and the Space Needle, so if you're looking to go there, this is perfect. We instead wanted to go down to the waterfront and the Public Market, which was definitely within walking distance for us. The neighborhood around the hotel was pretty quiet and did not feel like the best part of town, but we still felt fine walking around during the day time (not sure about it at night but we had a cab take us right to the hotel from the train station). This was also a great value for us, we got it for $95 on a holiday weekend through Priceline. It is my understanding that this hotel comes up a lot on Priceline as a 3 star hotel, so odds are you can get a room here at a good price for a downtown hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lkm
<Content>Glad we only stayed one night! This is just not a very nice hotel and it is not particularly convenient to anything. It is right on a highway that you would need to cross if you were going to walk downtown. It is a short cab ride, but a pretty long walk. Our room looked out onto a roof and another building and got no sun at all. The rooms were clean enough but looked old and run down. We would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value This review is based on an excellent off-season rate that I got on Priceline ($60) Room was very clean. Fridge  microwave were nice to have. I'm sure that I would have appreciated the location more during summer but it was dark by 4:30PM and we didn't feel safe on the streets after dark. Highly recommend if you are on a budget.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SweetCheeksHolly
<Content>What happened to the restaurant? I stayed at this hotel last year, around the same time and found the restaurant delightful. The service was great, but the FOOD was really exceptional--especially for a Holiday Inn. Now during our recent stay the menu was really changed. I was actually ill at the end of the meal. Comfort food is good, but I could swear that those were instant potatoes and the Chicken fried steak was more like over breaded grease soaked GRISTLE. Perhaps they should go back to seemingly fresh ingredients for their fare.The staff at the hotel and restaurant really seemed over-worked, even though they were MOSTLY friendly. This hotel was completely different last year.One postive was the clean rooms--but they were nothing special. And although everyone wants you to think that the hotel is convenient, that's only if you're an excellent walker--especially when the monorail isn't working.Oh, and forget getting management to address any issues. I spotted the hotel manager smoking in the garage just after being told she was unavailable to talk to me about my concerns... and I swear I saw her drunk in the bar the night before. I won't be staying again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Redbeard25
<Content>Quality accommodations in the heart of Seattle Whenever I travel on business, I now consult tripadvisor reviews prior to my trip. Based on the glowing reviews for this property, I chose the Holiday Inn Seattle, and I was not disappointed.Centrally located in an urban, but commercial section of town, the entrance to the hotel on Dexter Avenue is a bit claustraphobic. If there are several arriving, you may need to wait your turn to get into the lobby, but once you come in, the front desk is quick and courteous. After you check in, return to your car and turn right into the hotel, right behind the hotel, and right into the Holiday Inn garage (not the Express garage.) Swing wide on the last turn, because you use your room key to open the garage door from the driver's side. The second time I did this, it felt natural! Even the parking garage is well done. Although the spaces are small, the ceiling has an acoustical treatment making the garage quiet and relatively warm: a great benefit for Seattle weather.My room was large for a standard room with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. The TV has a sleep timer (controlled on the TV itself) and about 20 channels of cable. There are several nice touches in the room in the form of instruction cards on how to operate the TV and internet (wired only... bring your ethernet cable or be billed $7.50!) The iron and board in my room were passable, but somewhat damaged by previous guests. The in-wall heater/AC was quiet, and there was little to no outside noise that disturbed my sleep.The other amenities are somewhat limited by the small size and location of the hotel. I noticed that the exercise room is somewhat larger than most with several cardio and weight machines. There is a business center with computer, printer and high-fee ATM machine.One of the other reviews raved about the Emerald Grill. I found their food above average, but nothing to write home about. However, for room service and a general service hotel... that's the kind of food you want. Room service was delivered in a timely fashion and at correct temperatures. Tip: If you want bread with your room service meal, you need to request it.Most of my days were spent away from the hotel, so I don't have any reviews of their ballroom or other facilities. However, I don't hesitate to recommend this location - it's a quality property.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cookofthehouse
<Content>Best Holiday Inn I've seen This is back to back with the Holiday Inn Express, on Dexter Ave about 3 blocks from the space needle.Check in process was friendly and fast. Parking was only $4.50 for our stay, the garage being under the building with a key-entry door. Very safe looking and feeling once we drove in - clean too. I was happy to pay it.Elevator runs a might slow, mostly because you can't encourage the doors to shut with the button. When we got to the room, it was so incredibly clean and tidy. I was pleased. The layout was very logical, so they fit a lot in. They had given us two doubles, and a room with a fridge, microwave, separate sink and disposable plates  utensils. The fridge was nice and cold (hate when you have to turn them on to get them going). If we had stayed more than one night, this set up would have been very helpful.Our 5th floor room looked out over the King5 station, and even though we saw the helicopter leave their roof at least twice, we could barely hear it. Bathroom had everything necessary, and a note to let them know if you had forgotten anything they could provide. Again, very clean.Free internet in your room, and they'll provide the cables if you've forgotten yours at home. My only complaint was that there was no breakfast in the lobby to come down to. Not even some coffee and/or tea to take with you as you go out the door. It's not that I was promised any, that's just something I'm used to - have a glass of juice and a muffin while you get ready to head out. Oh well.Overall our stay was uneventful and very restful. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LyndaMN
<Content>We were pleasantly surprised We thought that this Holiday Inn was better than others we have come across. The room was big, the beds were comfortable and we liked having a fridge and coffee pot in the room. The hotel is located very near the Space Needle and the Seattle Center and we found walking downtown not to be a problem at all. You can also hop on a bus to downtown from the 'free zone' which is only a few blocks away. The pool was small and uninviting and located in the Holiday Inn Select next door. The staff was so-so. They took care of business but I wouldn't call the two we dealt with as being 'friendly.'We paid $95 a night through Priceline. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RaisinCity
<Content>Friendly Staff and Good Service We were looking for a hotel that would provide easy access to Seattle's major attractions and the Holiday Inn Seattle fit the bill very nicely. The hotel is within a few blocks walking distance to the Space Needle/Experience Music Project as well as the Monorail line that drops you off very close to the Public Market and Embarcadero area. We arrived a bit ahead of check in time, but the front desk staff wasted no time in identifying a room that had immediate availability. So, we were able to get situated and unpacked without delay. We parked in the hotel's underground garage (in/out privileges included, although we didn't need our car at all during our stay). Parking is $4.50 per night in the hotel garage, which was extremely reasonable for secured parking in the heart of the city!We took a stroll to the Monorail station at the base of the Space Needle and took the next train to Westlake Center Mall (there are no other stops). From there we followed the crowd to the Seattle Public Market (think fishmongers), which was a blast on a Sunday afternoon! You've also got easy access from here to an array of waterfront attractions and restaurants, although we were disappointed to discover that the IMAX theatre closed permanently only a week prior to our visit (to make room for an expansion of the aquarium).We returned to the Space Needle at about 9pm for our walk back to the hotel. It was here we experienced a little discomfort in that there seemed to be a large number of locals more or less loitering on the streets and sidewalks near the Space Needle at this time of the evening. We weren't sure if there was some kind of an event going on nearby but we were no longer among fellow tourists as we made our way back to the hotel. There was also a very large and visible police presence, which was comforting on one level but still begged the question as to the reason for it and whether it was routine for the area after dark. Regardless, we made it safely back to the hotel where we generally enjoyed a quiet overnight stay. The only complaint we had was with the occupant above us who seemed to be walking laps around his room late into the evening and early in the morning. Don't know what that was about, but certainly wasn't the hotel's fault, even though, when I mentioned it later, the desk staff said I would have been welcome to call them at the time and let them know about the noise.No comp breakfast at this hotel, but there are a few coffee shops and restaurants in the vicinity (including one at the hotel). Even though we stayed just one night, the hotel staff allowed us to continue to use the parking garage the next day while we explored the city a bit more. The total for the room, after taxes and parking, was about $170 for the night, which is a little higher than I normally like to pay. (You could also try the Holiday Inn Express located right next door). The proximity of the hotel meant I didn't have to drive in and out, which was very convenient, and the amenities were quite decent. The staff was friendly and helpful, so I would certainly recommend the Holiday Inn - Seattle to others.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerBD
<Content>Great Restaurant Well, okay, we stayed next door at the Express, but this hotel has the greatest restaurant, the Emerald Grill. We chose to eat there because we were tired and thought we could cope with a generic H. Inn burger, but what a surprise! The ambience is Holiday Inn, but the food is upscale without the prices. Lovely fresh scallops beautifully prepared, really fresh salad, delicious desserts. You expect this sort of cuisine at a top notch restaurant, and often don't get it. We were joined for our second dinner by three sets of diners from the first night - enough said. Stay here if only for the restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, clean, with large rooms. We stayed here in July for a mini family vacation. We had two large rooms that were very clean. The lobby was nice with free wireless internet access. Adjacent to the Holiday Inn Express which had an indoor pool which we could use. Had underground parking and was a 5 minute walk to the Space Needle. Could use the monorail to get to downtown. We used the free bus service to jump from underground station to underground station to get around town. We paid $89 which was the cheapest the manager had seen with the entertainment card.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SBonnell
<Content>Great Hotel A great place - excellent location (near the Space Needle, bus route to downtown, and [suprise] a Starbucks), staff are great and very helpful (ask for the free cookies), and we managed to get a really good rate. Stayed for 3 nights (after an awful experience during our first night in Seattle at one of the adjacent budget hotels (yuck....)). Highly recommend this hotel. + Check out the nearby Korean restaurant Stillas (sp?)  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goingonatripee
<Content>Pretty good place We (family of four) arrived in Seattle 8:00am on a redeye flight and were ready for bed. We got to the hotel about 9:00 and left our baggage while we got some breakfast and checked out Pike Market via a minivan service (small charge). We returned at 11:30 thinking we could now have our naps since we were dragging...no such luck. We then decided to get some lunch but the hotel restaurant was closed for lunches on weekends. So we walked about 3 blocks (few restaurants in the area) to Shilla oriental food, very tasty. After our leisurely lunch we were sure that we would be able to take our much needed snoozes....no such luck, we then parked our cabooses in the lobby and promptly all four of us passed out. The hotel staff finally came and woke us up at 2:30 to tell us that our room was now ready. Technically, rooms are not guaranteed till 3pm, so we couldn't really complain. The hotel is your standard Holiday Inn, rooms are fine, pay for parking 4.50 per day, (underground lot which is under the hotel) and all in all not a bad place to stay. It wasn't in an exciting area as there were no restaurants or shopping areas nearby, but pretty close to the Space Needle Center. A seven min ride to the harbor and Pike Place. Also, the hotel restaurant food was excellent!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>convert94
<Content>Generic Motor Hotel Two Holiday Inn's, back-to-back: This one and the H.I. Express Seattle. Very close to the space needle and a couple of blocks to the free bus zone going downtown. Generic rooms with microwave and mini-fridge. Newer properties, very clean and well equipted. Parking was $4.50 a day. This place is clean and well located to Seattle Center and within decent proximity to downtown.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlphaMZ
<Content>Schönes Hotel in der Nähe der Space Needle   showReview(19294212, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	2	

