<Author>Getawaygeeks
<Content>Best Overall in Mexico City My husband and I have been to Mexico City several times and always stayed at the Catedral (would still do so because we love that hotel). However, this trip we decided to venture out and try a different hotel - so we tried two based on the tripadvisor reviews. One was the Emporio Reforma and the other was Marco Polo. Though the location of both hotels was excellent, we enjoyed our stay at Marco Polo much more than Emporio. The staff was friendly, the hotel room was very large and comfortable and the location was amazing. For the price, our experience and research shows that you can't do much better than Marco Polo. We paid about $80 and the room came with breakfast (which I had read was mediocre, but I found to be very good-the breakfast which includes all you can eat and drink self-serve breakfast bar and made to order eggs, beans and chiliaquilas). From the moment we walked into the hotel, the staff was friendly, helpful and made us feel at home. Also, the business center was free with computer access and a printer and was really easy in the event you need it. Our flight was in the late evening, and the hotel staff allowed us to check out late (at 5 pm) at no extra charge and without hesitation.Our experience at Emporio was very different. There was a problem with our room reservation and we found the staff to be unfriendly and not very helpful. At first, we thought it was just the front desk staff, but we also found this to be the case at the cafe and computer center. Also, the rooms at Emporio were very small and cramped and did not include breakfast which made a big difference since we paid $95 just for the room.I also read negative reviews about the area in which Marco Polo is located because of the gay population. I suppose if you have trouble with seeing a gay couple walk arm and arm in the street, this may not be the hotel for you. However, the hotel is in the Zona Rosa and the streets come to life in the evening and it is a wonderful walk around the promenade that my husband and I really enjoyed.I am sure we will travel to Mexico City again and again and there is no doubt in my mind we will return to Marco Polo. I would have to say that if you are first time traveler to Mexico City, I would also recommend Catedral based on its location to the zocolo and historical sites.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MexicoloverLondon
<Content>mexico lover We recently stayed in this boutique type hotel. The rooms are a good size,comfortable and the hotel is well placed for restaurants and bars. If you don't mind the gay scene that the area seems to attract I would recommend it for value for money , comfort and with free guest internet access. The staff are friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EllaMLondon
<Content>Decent value for money We stayed in the hotel for two nights last week. I'd say it's a decent 3+/4 star hotel, a good value for money (we paid US$75+18%tax). We had a double room booked via a travel agent, but upon check-in we were told only twin-bed rooms were available so we took it. Staff - very friendly, speaking very good English (we had very different experience in another hotel in Mexico City). The best thing was that they allowed us a very late check-out (6pm as our flight was at 10pm) at no extra charge (!!) - we were really pleased. The car we were offered to drive to the airport was not overpriced, maybe due to the fact that we already knew what the charge should be - we just said what we were going to pay (same price as official pre-paid taxis) and it was accepted. Room - large and clean. Unfortunately, beds were too hard - in fact, the hardest we experienced in Mexico (and we usually prefer firmer beds). The room was right next to the elevator so I had to sleep with earplugs, but my boyfriend did not hear anything and even mentioned how peaceful and quiet it was there!:-)Breakfast - whilst it was not the most delicious I had in Mexico, it was decent - fresh fruit, filter coffee, bread and eggs+tortillas+frijoles. As it was included in the room price, we both though it was a good value. Location - lively and busy Zona Rosa, close to metro, cheap taxi (25 pesos) ride from Paseo Reforma to Centro Historico. We did not go out at night in Zona Rosa on this occassion but it is full with bars and restaurants so you won't stay hungry/thirsty. It's also a short walk (15 mins max) to Condesa, which is lovely.Overall, we thought that Marco Polo was a very good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Sukki007
<Content>Great if you get the right room! We arrived at the hotel at 1:30 a.m. - no problem checking in. The room was okay, a decent size, but the bed was brutally hard. It was also non-smoking, though I had reserved a smoking room. (I know, I know). No problem, either. The night manager said I could smoke in the room and they'd change our room the next day. I also didn't like the bathroom: the sink was outside the bathroom, and it was fine, except for having to step up to it. The lighting over the sink was poor, but not as dim as the tiny, claustrophobic space that had the toilet and tub. Now I know why it's called a water CLOSET!The next day our room was changed. The bedroom part was exactly like the first, except a bit smaller, but still an okay size. But the bathroom was so much better - the sink was inside the room with the toilet and sink, it wasn't claustrophobic, and the lighting was much brighter. They also put a foam topper over the mattress, which helped a bit. My back condition is so bad that a rock-hard bed compresses my lungs and I cannot breathe. Now I will always ask for a mattress topper when I'm faced with the same problem in a hotel. Changing to this room made our three nights at the Marco Polo into a delightful experience, and I highly recommend it. My advice is if you get a room in ANY hotel that's not up to snuff, ask for another. We have had this experience in many hotels, and find that rooms may not be all alike, even in a cookie-cutter place.Our first room was Rm 503, and the second, better one was 702. If you're going to the Marco Polo, ask for a room that is NOT in the 03 line.The staff was wonderful, especially Patricia, who was so incredibly friendly and helpful, but really everyone who works at the hotel was terrific. The breakfast was terrific, and it was included. There was fresh fruit, eggs to order, served with chilaquiles and refried beans. There was also a selection of dry cereals, bread, sweet rolls, and decent coffee. But if you are a coffee maniac, as I am, the hotel is strategically located in between two Starbucks, a block in either direction.After our three nights in Mexico City, we would be traveling through the country, then return to the capital for the last night before our flight home. I didn't book that night in advance; I wanted to see if Marco Polo worked out, and then I'd book it before continuing on our trip. We did book it, and asked to reserve a room in the 02 line.When we returned to Mexico City and checked in again, I asked Victor, the night manager, which room we had. It wasn't an 02, and when I expressed my disappointment, Victor said I think you'll like it. The bellboy led us to the building next door. We had wondered if this building belonged to the hotel or was an office building, and now we knew. We were led up to a Suite!!! It was a somewhat strange one (I can't quite put my finger on why), but it was incredibly spacious. There was a tiny kitchen, dining/living area, bedroom with a king-size bed walled off by sliding frosted glass doors, a huge amount of closet space, and a very large bathroom with great lighting. Too bad we didn't have this for our first stay!All is all, Marco Polo is a fantastic value for the money. Hotels in Mexico City are quite expensive, and this place is a gem. For $80 a night, we could not have done better or gotten more value for the money. I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that the first room wasn't great. But if you get one other than that one, you can't go wrong.As for the location, I read so many of the negative comments written about the Zona Rosa, and I just can't believe that they were written about the same area. I have been to Mexico City at least 15 times over the last 30 years, though I hadn't been there for nine years. I always stayed in the Zona Rosa, at various hotels. Yes, it used to be the toniest area in the city. Has it gone downhill? Parts of it, yes. Some of the classy restaurants are gone. One particular restaurant row is a ghost of its former self, with only 3 or 4 remaining. This was due to a hotel that was at the end of that street, which had closed. But a waiter told me that it was going to be remodeled and reopened. But some of the Zona Rosa was always seedy. Some other streets are still downright lovely. And during the day, all of it is nice. I don't think Starbucks would have opened two stores (possibly more) in a crummy neighborhood. Our first night we set out at 2 a.m. looking for dinner. There were police cars everywhere, always flashing red and blue lights. At first I was fearful. What had happened to my beautiful Zona Rosa? Finally I asked a policeman if the crime rate was very high, and if we needed to stay off the streets. He said that it was safe, and that there was a high police presence to PREVENT crime. So we walked and walked, because there weren't many restaurants open. Someone wrote that the Zona Rosa was completely gay, and that she felt totally uncomfortable. Having read that before our trip, I just couldn't believe someone would have written that. Did we see gays? Sure. But we saw more heterosexual couples, and most everyone was middle-class. And when we found the 24-hour Sanborn's, which was well-populated for that time of the morning, there were just a couple of weirdos (sexual persuasion unknown and unimportant), no more than in any other decent neighborhood in any large city. I still think the Zona Rosa is the best location to stay in Mexico City, because transportation is excellent, and it's easy to get downtown or anywhere else.As for the Marco Polo, it has our unqualified vote, and a big thank you for our last night!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DFT07
<Content>Business hotel This hotel was in the heart of the pink zone, the street which it is on has a few bars and a can get quite noisy in the evening. However the hotel itself was very business like, staff were reasonably friendly and rooms were adequate.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>d_lei
<Content>Very good for the most part       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>wozza46
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location, minor things prevented it getting a 5 I chose the Marco Polo for the couple of nights I was staying in Mexico City after reading the good reviews on Trip Advisor, and found that it lived up to those reviews very well. The rooms were nice, comfortable, and clean, and the staff were generally very helpful. The location in the middle of Zona Rosa is fantastic. The hotel restaurant was nothing special, but there are plenty of others in the area to make up for that.What stopped this hotel getting top rating from me was a few minor annoyances, in particular during check out. I only found out then that the taxes for the room were not included in the final cost I was originally quoted on Expedia, so I had to fork out about a third more than I was expecting. The hotel then booked a taxi for me, which turned out to be an unmarked car driven by a friend of the doorman. While nothing bad happened, I was not impressed given the stories you hear about unlicensed cabs in Mexico City. Also, on the previous evening when I left my room for just 15 minutes I came back and found that the cleaners had re-entered my room while I was gone. They'd already cleaned during the day, so why they needed to do it again I don't know, and I am very suspicious about the timing.Despite these, generally my experience at Marco Polo was positive and I would recommend it to anyone visiting the area.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>richiedix
<Content>Great Location at a Great Price! After a horrifying experience at another hotel, I walked to the Marco Polo and they accepted me right off the street and showed me one of their rooms before checking in. I was impressed and even more impressed at the rate for the room (breakfast included!)for under US$100/day. Clean, modern and quiet. Centrally located to everything in the Zona Rosa, this made for an excellent central point to other areas of the city whether on foot, public transport (subway 20 cents, a few blocks away), or taxi. My only complaint was that the mattress was a little too hard.Staff is friendly and always helpful. I'd defnitely come back here on my next trip to Mexico City!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArleneChicago
<Content>Great value in a terrific hotel This hotel gets all the great reviews for a very good reason. We paid only 80.00 USD (plus tax) and were very pleased with it. The rate included a very nice breakfast, although the coffee was bad. The hotel is run extremely well. Very clean. Well maintained, with lots of extra nice touches. The location, on the edge of the Zona Rosa, is quite convenient since you are one half block off the main street in town (like Michigan Avenue in Chicago.) You can get anywhere from there. The Zona Rosa itself is not to our taste. Very much a bar scene, with lots of gay and single people packing the streets and partying all night. (Having said that the neighborhood seems quite safe.) But, you don't have to experience much of it, if you don't want to, since you are on the edge of it -- and the hotel is completely sound proof. If you are looking for a good deal in Mexico City -- and don't require historic charm in your hotel, this modern hotel would probably suit you well.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>IncurableTraveler
<Content>Nice hotel in a so-so area People have covered this hotel pretty well so far - nice rooms, firm beds, friendly staff. Here's my take:Pros: Rooms are large, noise is not a problem (I was on 5th floor across from a loud bar but could hardly hear it). Room and the rest of the hotel were clean and pretty well-maintained. The hotel is one block over and two blocks up from the subway, a great and cheap way to get around town (only 2 pesos!). There are also a number of good restaurants in the area that are used to dealing with non-Spanish speakers. I always felt safe in the area, day or night. Water pressure was good and I never lacked hot water. Air con if you wanted it, though it wasn't really necessary in Feb. Cons:The place is showing its age a bit. You can tell this place wasn't built in the last ten years. The elevator is a bit slow. The first night, the maid turned down my bed and left a chocolate, but after that they didn't. I had to dig the down comforter out of the cupboard myself. They made the bed each day, but never did turn down again. The TV stopped working after the first day, but I never bothered to complain as I wasn't there to watch TV. My only other complaint is with the neighborhood. As a single man, I was approached by strip club touts pretty much every block from noon until night. I never felt unsafe and they usually weren't too pushy, but it was irritating. I think I would stay outside Zona Rosa next time.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bibliognostic
<Content>Highly Recommend I would describe this hotel as a small boutique hotel. The rooms were large,clean,comfortable and attractive with a sofa, table chairs, mini-bar, coffe/tea making facilities. Only on the top floors do the windows open to a small balcony.The marble bathroom had a large bath/shower combo. There is a small gym and free internet access. There is a small 24 hour office with three computers and a printer for your use if you don't bring your own lap-top. Breakfast is complimentary, consisting of eggs(scrambled or fried) with or without refried beans, juice, coffee, assortment of sweet breads, fruit, yogurt, cold cereal. There is also a bar and restaurant. Room service is not extensive but it is adequate for soup and a sandwich. I didn't try the restaurant. In Mexico the mattresses are firm, so be prepared. Room rates are extremely reasonable and excellent value for this city. The staff will do anything for you, it all depends on how you approach them. Mexicans are extremely polite people, so when things go wrong, getting in their face and being the aggressive american will get you nowhere. Remain calm, be gracious and compliment them on trying to fix your problem, even if they were not successful. You will be amazed how far graciousness goes in this culture. This hotel also owns the building next door and they have apartments if you have a long stay. The Zona Rosa is an excellent location, everything you need is so close-restaurants,bank,ATM,shopping,safe taxis, and close to the city sites. The Zona Rosa has been described in various guide books as seedy or run down. I wouldn't describe it as such. In parts it needs a little help and revival, but overall it is vibrant, always full of people. Some of the streets are closed to traffic and people are strolling amongst the small gardens and there are art exhibits. As two women, we walked this area in the day and after attending restaurants at night and felt safe. There are always people on the streets to increase your comfort level. This is also the gay area and it has a disco/night-life. One writer complained about the noise. We have stayed here twice and have not experienced this problem. The air-quality has increased considerably, Athens and Beijing are far worse. Mexico City is not for the inexperienced traveller; if you are, take a tour, don't do it alone. For the experienced traveller this place is a delight. See it before globalization really takes over and its uniqueness is lost. I highly recommend this book over all others: Mexico City, An Opinionated Guide For The Curious Traveller by Jim Johnston, iUniverse, Inc. 2006,New York. We used it today to walk the Condesa district and it was flawless. Johnston lived here, he knows this place ,and he will also tell you the best places to eat as told by a local. Here are some city tips if you haven't heard them before: No jewellry(leave all diamonds at home including the engagement ring)no expensive watches, no t-shirts,nikes,cameras around the neck or anything that says I am a tourist. Blend in,don't stand out. Do not hail cabs on the street. Go to a hotel or restaurant and use only registered or sitio taxi's. Every cab is required to have a visible license with a photo and a fare meter that works-don't enter without these. If you can afford it, negotiate with an english speaking taxi driver to be your driver/guide for your stay. This fellow was our guide/driver and he was outstanding: Willy, email:eriorque@yahoo.com.mx Cell: 044 55 5455 3118. Expect to pay $15.00 US per hour.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eveill
<Content>Good Solid Value Very pleased. Good location. Clean. Good value. Stayed in Penthouse which was a larger room with couch at $100 per night. Good staff. Very satisfied.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>phineas_fogg
<Content>Mixed Review I have stayed at many hotels all over the world, and I have to confess, that my stay at the Marco Polo was average.Pros: Location, Room RatesCons: Security (we experienced theft in our room), hard beds (a common feature across mexico), stuffy rooms (we stayed in 3 rooms over 7 days, and not one window could be opened...they were all sealed shut) and mediocre breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>awimbledon
<Content>I'd Happily Stay Here Again We spent two nights in the Samarkanda suite, and loved it. It鈥檚 large and comfortable (including the bed, which didn鈥檛 strike me as being hard at all, as others have mentioned), and the bathroom, with its glass ceiling, is fantastic, and had excellent water pressure 鈥?and I鈥檓 picky about my showers! Although the balcony is small, it鈥檚 nice to be able to step outside and look out over the city, although the view is better from the windows overlooking Av. Reforma and the Independence Column, which is beautiful lit up at night.Not many city hotels offer complimentary breakfast, so we were pleased to have it included here 鈥?nothing outstanding, but a decent selection of pastries, cereal, and fresh fruit, which was fine for me. We almost didn鈥檛 stay in the Zona Rosa because so many people refer to it鈥檚 having become seedy 鈥?maybe it鈥檚 gone downhill from what it used to be, I don鈥檛 know, but coming from Washington, D.C., I found it to be a lot nicer than similar neighborhoods here; i.e., Georgetown, Dupont Circle. The proximity to the metro is also a plus 鈥?we walked a lot during our stay in Mexico City, but also used the metro quite a bit, and found it to be easy and convenient, albeit very crowded at rush hour! But the trains come frequently, so if one is too packed to get onto, it鈥檚 no big deal to wait for the next one.I would definitely stay at the Marco Polo again 鈥?it鈥檚 not only a fine hotel, but an outstanding value.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Travel Richly
<Content>Incredible value, fantastic location The Marco Polo offers a weekend rate of $80 plus tax that includes continental breakfast (mediocre but available until 11 am) and in-room wireless internet access in a perfect location in the heart of the Zona Rosa. All of this for a quality 3-star hotel with 5-star service.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Tang_UK
<Content>Very helpful staff My friend and I stayed at Marco Polo recently and had a great stay.The staff were very helpful and friendly, the room was clean and a good size. Breakfast wasn't fantastic but that's not the end of the world. Of course the location is great too: lots to do at night and really easy for sightseeing in the day.An enjoyable stay all in all.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>16101970
<Content>Hotel in gay-friendly area, but staff less gay-friendly Motivated by the reviews on TripAdvisor, we booked two double rooms for 4 nights at the Marco Polo. Marco Polo is located in the Zona Rosa, a lively district known for its rich variety of bars and restaurants. Several of these are mainly frequented by gay and lesbian or at least gay-friendly mixed crowds, and we enjoyed going out and having dinner and some drinks in a relatively safe area without having to take a cab each time. Unfortunately, however, the porter was somewhat over-protective, and vividly recommended us to take a cab and go out elsewhere. Without even mentioning the word gay, he made it very clear that he considered those people (esa gente) annoying. Rooms are large and comfortable, yes. That said, I did not find them too accomodating. You cannot open the window, we did not find out how turn off the air-conditioning, and our overall impression was that the room was somewhat humid. On the positive side: The bathroom was spotlessly clean. Beds were very comfortable.Breakfast was OK. On one morning, however, they only let us sit down at a table for two, although we were four, since they prepared for some kind of conference brunch. It may not be a major issue, but it did create a somewhat unfriendly atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>nvg
<Content>still good, slipping a bit I stayed in this hotel several times in 2002 and found it to be excellent, especially if you get the 80$ weekend special. the MP has turndown service, tolerable gym and breakfast, bathtub (very rare in moderately priced mexico hotels), quiet rooms, bathrobes, slippers. one way they have let me down is they no longer manage free coffee and pastries before 7am. this used to be a highlight for the early risers. when we went down at 630, the coffee was cold, there was no milk, and no pastries. we asked for a refill and someone said, go make it in your room. but, 1, they advertise this service and 2, we have to buy bottled water to make the coffee in the room. so they might as well have said just go to starbucks then. this is a minor point, but this kind of service would be unacceptable even at a motel 6 in the usa, much less a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>dma2199913
<Content>I feel like Julia Roberts in Prety Woman Just returned from a 9 day stay at the MPH. I cannot say enough good about this hotel.Upon arrival at MPH I was greeted by a fully uniformed concierge, Edgar, who saw to all my needs, opened the mini bar, explained the TV and hooked me up with the key to the safe in the Penthouse.I was given the Samarkanda room which is the largest of the 4 penthouse suites. The penthouse was massive with a gorgous bathroom and a balcony looking out over Mexico City and the Zona Rosa. The balcony for Sarmarkanda is much larger than that of the other penthouses. If you look at .marcopolo..mx the bathroom for Sarmarkanda is the one featured in the intro and the room is the last one that loads in the intro.The bed was extremely hard. Those who said the floor would have been softer were not far off. I took the down comforter, folded it in half and slept on top of that. Worked out just fine tho.The maid staff at the hotel is the best I have ever seen! The rooms and the whole hotel are exceptionally clean. The restaurant staff Eduardo, Miguel and another gentlemen were extremely polite and did an exceptional job.The front desk staff helped me with everything I needed in the city as well as at the hotel. Patricia, Jaime, Sondra....kudos to you for being the best of the best from any hotel I have ever stayed at, bar none. I could not have asked for a better experience.The hotel arranged for a driver to take me to work each morning. I was blessed to be given Willi. Willi knows all about the city and surrounding areas and each morning turned into an impromptu guided tour. Willi was such a great driver that, at my request, he gave me a guided tour of the Anthropology Museum just hours before my flight out of the city. I still made the airport on time too! His Suburban is very clean, comfortable and Willi was always a perfect gentleman.If you stay at MPH, eat at La Masion in Zona Rosa or Villa Maria in Polanco. Both had fabulous food and very reasonable prices. Villa Maria has mariachi's and was a great place to be with friends I met on my guided tour of Taxco and Cuernavaca which was also arranged by the hotel.The hotel is located in the Zona Rosa and on the same block as a few gay bars. The area is safe, well patrolled and lit and was the perfect place to be for a last minute shopper like me. Polanco is more upscale with shops reminding me of Chicago's Magnificent Mile.Not what I was looking for but beautiful indeed.I hope to return soon to Mexico City and MPH!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cammie7
<Content>I loved this hotel!!! I absolutely loved this hotel!! The service was fabulous and the staff was extremely courteous. I would definitely stay here again. The hotel is located in the Zona Rosa. There is lots of activity in the surrounding area. Please be aware that the street and surrounding area is home to several gay bars. So, if you're not used to the scene, you may wish to stay elsewhere. Personally, I was unaffected by it. I'm from Los Angeles and very little shocks me.The breakfast is nothing special. It consists of cold-cuts, cheese, cereal and unimpressive Mexican pasteries and bread. I had two different rooms because I checked out and had to come back to this hotel the following day. Each room I received was large, clean, and fresh apples awaited me. This hotel is a great bargain.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go Marco Polo We stayed here on our first stop of a tour around Mexico. I really loved this hotel. The penthouse suites are well worth the extra money. They are large and comfortable. Our bathroom was amazing with a glass ceiling and views of the Reforma.The staff were lovely and always helpful with directions and making phone calls for us.You can't beat the ease of the taxi stand out the front. Those guys are great, and will take you anywhere you need to go.Overall, I don't think you could do better in Mexico City.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Mex Just got home from a 4 day vacation in MEXICO CITY and I already miss staying at the Marco Polo. Thanks to the hotel staff I felt at home the whole time. I recommend this hotel to everyone. It's safe, clean, quiet, and is near everything in the city. Rooms are very spacious and delightful. The chocolates on the bed before bedtime give and extra touch of care from behalf of the hotl. I especialy want to thank Salvador. He was always taking care of us and making sure our stay was as plesent as posible. Thanks to Edgar he would make sure that when we got back from a long day of shopping or site-seeing to take all of our stuff the the room. And Patricia and Sandra in front desk would help us we every other thing. The hotel restaurant is graet as well. I'm a person that looks for the good and the bad eveywhere I go and this hotel is worthy of a 5 STAR rating. This is my home away from home next time I go to Mexico City!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great small hotel We stayed at the Marco Polo based on the Tripadvisor reviews and were extremely happy with the choice. We had a Penthouse suite and everything was fine. All of the staff is excellent. We had an airline problem and arrived a day late (I called them, however, their policy is 24 hours notice, not 4 hours). The Front desk waived the one night charge- something most hotels don't do. I pretty much agree with most of the other reviews- there are some great resturants within two or three blocks- the area has seen better days, but we felt very safe walking the streets at night. The one thing that made the entire vacation truly unforgetable was Willie, the licensed Tour Guide/driver that is associated with the Hotel. He has his own new SUV and will take you anywhere you want to go. He knows everything about Mexican history, art and culture and is a real gentleman. He costs a little more than the Tour Bus operations, but the difference is well worth it (he charges $15/hr but unlike the Tours he doesn't take you to shops and resturants that give kick-backs).It was our first time to Mexico City and we absolutely loved it.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>visitfeb
<Content>Great Location only a few minor points I booked the Marco Polo on the strength of the reviews on tripadvisor.I agree 100% with the previous reviewer don't bother booking a penthouse, unfortunately I did before reading the review and it was too late to change at short notice. The only difference between a standard room is the jacuzzi and a slightly larger bed, that's all. There were problems with the toilet flushing which were eventually solved after 2 days. We had no issues with the hardness of the beds unlike other reviewers.The hotel staff at the reception were excellant. We arrived late Tuesday night and the next morning I asked if they could arrange tickets to Ballet Folklorico that night. No problem at all thanks to Jaime. Tickets were 550 Pesos each and were delivered by lunchtime. The free internet near reception was really handy to keep in touch with home.The tourist taxi stand was straight out the door but we only used it twice as the metro was 3 blocks away and the turibus 2 blocks away in opposite directions. The metro was really handy to get around on, a real bargain at 20 US cents a trip.The Roza Rosa lives up to its name at least in the street the hotel is in as there are two gay bars in the street which made it a lively scene at night, nothing too rowdy though and the area was the best choice for our circumstances.We ate lunch in the hotel on the last day, ok but nothing to write home about so don't eat in the hotel unless you really have to as there are much better restaraunts in the vicinity.Breakfast was continental, cereals and bread with very sweet cakes. Simple enough again nothing special.The hotels positive point for us was its location in the Zona Rosa which was prefect for our needs.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice with some problems We stayed in one of the penthouse suites and that was probably our biggest mistake. The standard rooms on lower floors were almost as large, main difference being a queen bed instead of a king and no jacuzzi bathtub which we didn't use anyway. The main problem with being on the penthouse floor was that the water pressure was extremely low, probably due to being on the top floor. When I checked rooms on lower floors, this didn't seem to be a problem. So if a tiny balcony, a king bed and a jacuzzi bathtub are not absolute musts, we suggest to book a regular double. Newspaper outside the room, internet right next to the reception and helpful reception staff were all pluses. Breakfast buffet is adequate at best, it always took the waiter about 10 minutes to bring us some hot milk for our cafe con leche.The area is becoming seedy but nevertheless we enjoyed it, definitely better than staying in the historic district or Polanco, and the subway (which is great) is only 3 blocks away.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cooperllc
<Content>Another fan of the Marco Polo We stayed for several nights in December and loved this little hotel. As noted in other reviews, the rooms are large, pleasant, clean (though not stunningly charming), the staff is friendly and infinitely helpful. The little touches like the newspaper, free internet, bathrobe, and good breakfast were lovely. The hotel is in a quiet spot and the rooms are well-insulated from the noise of the city. The general neighborhood wasn't particularly appealing, but it did feel safe at night, for us and for our teenagers who were out and about. Good access to bus, subway, and of course the sitio taxi right in front.Although the rate doesn't include the taxes, with the other amenities it's very good value. Be warned, however, they are not able to accomodate a family of four in one room, which contains either one double or two singles.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for an event First off, I'm not (technically speaking) a tourist, but rather, a Mexico City resident. Once in a while, I like to stay in my own city's hotels, just to feel like I'm getting away from it all. A bit of pampering never hurt anyone. For my 50th birthday in 2002--and after having inspected several different hotel venues--I decided to stay in the Samarkanda Suite of the Marco Polo, and also to use the suite for an afternoon/evening reception, to which all my friends were invited. It was an excellent choice! All the food for my guests (sushi, cold cuts, cheeses, strawberries  cream, etc.) was catered from outside sources, but the hotel staff was completely cooperative in terms of delivering it to my suite. When people would bring flowers, all I had to do was call and they would bring up another vase. The same went for ice chests, as there were many bottles of champagne that needed chilling. The staff would deserve 2 thumbs up purely on its helpful attitude regarding the endless stream of people who were in and out of that suite during the course of the day; its courtesy and willingness to turn my event into a real event sets it up another notch, in my opinion. Another plus factor (especially for a family or large group) is that the penthouse suites can be expanded.Oh, and yes, the jacuzzi DOES fit 4 people comfortably!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Massimo1
<Content>Really nice small hotel, Excellent value I chose this hotel based on other reviews, price and location. I usually prefer smaller hotels instead of corporate chain monster-sized hotels where one feels a faceless guest. The Marco Polo bills itself as a small grand hotel, which I guess is some sort of hotel alliance. I felt well-taken care of. That is what I expect at the best hotels. The room was above average size and spotlessly clean and of average character. The bathroom had a tub. The bed was hard, as noted in other reviews, but not really a problem. There was a newspaper at my door every morning, a nice touch. The desk staff was fantastic. They were knowledgeable about restaurants, helpful with transportation questions, and really willing to do anything to help a guest. And, if you need it, they speak excellent English. The restaurant was not much to speak of, but it is a small hotel and there are plenty of places to eat nearby. One thing to be aware of is the internet price for the room (in my case $88 for a double) does not include the 17% hotel tax, so factor that in for this or any other Mexico City hotel. The Zona Rosa is definitely sliding toward seedy these days, but it is still a good, lively area with excellent transportation options, restaurants, and shops. That is the main reason I didn't stay in a quieter neighborhood like Condessa. The Marco Polo, while not on a main drag, still has quite a bit of nightlife going on, but I didn't find that bothersome even though I had a second floor room. I accept that a part of staying in this sort of location.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MarkhMD
<Content>Clean and Classy Stayed at the Marco Polo Dec. 15  16 based on reviews on this web site. Best decision we could make (Stayed at Casa Blanca earlier in the week; reviewed until that title). Small, very classy hotel in Zona Rosa. More happening at night than I need, but that makes it VERY safe to wander out at night. $137 pesos for triple room. Included continental breakfast was so so. Side note - if you like real Japanese food, try Tokyo one block away.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sassylassie
<Content>Great Value I loved this hotel. It has everything a traveller to Mexico could want - location, friendly service, decent rooms and great price. The only downside was a musty, old smell in the room (it annoyed my husband but I was fine) and the bed was as stiff/hard as a board, but hey apparently that's good for your back :)Also it says it鈥檚 a 4 star hotel, and for the price you wouldn鈥檛 expect grandeur, however the 4 stars are a Mexican 4 stars, not a 4 star Hilton. Still for the price you couldn鈥檛 be disappointed.Also if you stay here make sure you go to the restaurant Fonda El Refugio. Its at 166 Liverpool St, about a block away. We stumbled upon this the first night and were blown away by the hospitality and the food and thought all restaurants in Mexico would be like this - they're not! Also the staff at Marco Polo were very impressed that we found that restaurant ourselves, so I'm sure they can give you directions.Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lolakins
<Content>Loved the Marco Polo This is a great hotel and fabulous value. We stayed 6 nights, and the staff could not have been more helpful and professional. Also the breakfasts are great! Lots of fruit and yogurt, pastries and cereals, with excellent coffee. Don't worry about the beds, they are comfortable. There were a few minor problems in the room, such as a lightbulb missing, but the problems were fixed as soon as we reported them. It is in a good location, near Insurgentes metro station, which we used a lot, and also has a good cab stand outside. The gym was pretty pathetic, but I made it work! We were on the 12th floor and did not hear a thing outside, despite being in the middle of the Zona Rosa. Request a room away from the elevator.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I found my DF hotel! I found this hotel to be clean, safe and the staff very professional. I can't really add to what has already been written. The extra pesos for the penthouse suite is well worth it as the suites are quite large and comfortable with robes, large balconys, jacuzzi and much more.On the 3rd day of my trip I got a sinus infection and the staff was more than happy to make sure I was getting better.Walk to Chapultepec....it faintly reminded me of walking along Champs Elysee in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChristopherPrusaski
<Content>Superb location, but management lacking in some aspects My partner and I just returned from a 5-night stay in Penthouse 4, the largest suite at the Marco Polo Hotel (MPH). We chose this hotel entirely based on the positive reviews on this site. Unfortunately, however, our experience only warranted 3 stars, which will be explained below.LOCATION: The location of the MPH is superb, located on Calle Amberes, a pretty quiet street in the Zona Rosa. In my opinion, Zona Rosa is the best neighborhood in which to stay in MEX for tourism. You can walk the safe streets at all hours. The police presence is heavy. It's a fun area. The crowd is very diverse (i.e., there are gay bars mixed in with lovely art galleries, rock and roll bars, and restaurants of every calibur). Pretty much anything you can think of is within a 5 min. walk of the hotel, incl. 24-hour pharmacies and a 7-11. There is a Sitio taxi stand outside the front door. Alternatively, there are red (pretty safe) and green (eh, not so sure) taxis cruising the street at all hours.THE HOTEL: The hotel is relatively small, and has a charming 70's feel with respect to its decoration (dark woods mixed with gold fixtures and lots of greeen plants). The breakfast room is basic, and the continental breakfast included in the price was quite basic (coffee, pastries, cereal, and juice). The concierge, Salvador, was quite helpful to us every day and he was well deserving of the palm-greasing he got when we checked out.THE ROOM: We stayed in PH-4 (a/k/a the Suite Samarkanda -- where they got the names of the rooms is beyond me, pretty corny but adds to the charm of the hotel). The room was approx. 500SF with a very large balcony. The room had a great view of the American Express building, Polanco hotels, and the top 50 or so feet of the Angel de Independencia monument, which was definitely impressive to look at at night. The room had a nice large TV (lots of Span. and Engl. channels), CD player, free WIFI internet access, a sofa, large work table, desk, coffee table, and a full-size Krups coffee maker (with coffee, cups, glasses, etc.). In sum, a big room. The best part of the room was the bathroom--basically an atrium with wall and ceiling windows. We enjoyed bathing/showering with the window shades open, being completely surrounded by office buildings and hotels, wondering who was enjoying my boyfriend's culo bonito and our fun pre-siesta bubblebaths. And the tub is a big, modern jacuzzi type tub that could probably hold 4 people (no, we didn't, that was a guesstimate). Aaaah yes, the bed. I read some reviews (below) about the beds in the MPH being hard. Boy was this true. The king bed was quite firm, but we got used to it after the first night and it served its primary (sleeping) and secondary (!)purposes quite nicely. And props to the housekeeping staff, whom we never saw, but who did a splendid job cleaning the room and stocking us well with toiletries every day.WHERE THE MPH LOST 2 STARS IN MY REVIEW: Simply put, the air conditioning in our room never worked. The room became quite toasty during the day, esp. with the jumbo windows in the bathroom drawing in so much sun. The A/C blew only warm air--completely disfunctional. We complained to the desk a total of 4 times over 5 days. The first two times, a repairman was sent up to look at the system, felt that it wasn't blowing cold (or even cool) air, then left and said he'd take care of it. It was never taken care of. We even filled out the little comments cards stating that our room was hot and received no response. Nobody from downstairs -- whether the manager or the desk -- ever called us to either (i) let us know when it would be repaired, (ii) let us know that it could not be repaired, and/or (iii) tell us to go pound sand. We were ignored by management, and that's where the otherwise outstandingg MPH lost 2 stars. Not because the a/c didn't work, mind you, but because we were ignored after complaining politely. For full disclosure, my boyfriend is standing here telling me that the hotel should only lose 1 star due to the a/c snafu. I disagree, and since I'm writing this, 2 stars are deducted. He can do his own --- review. COMPLETELY UNSOLICTED ADVICE THAT YOU'RE FREE TO DISREGARD ENTIRELY AND FOR WHICH I WILL NOT BE LIABLE: (1) Take the metro during the day; each ride is about US$0.18. Insuregentes Station is a 3-minute walk from the MPH. Fast and clean, but keep your Breitling chronograph in the hotel safe and wear sneakers; (2) The red cabs are safe and much cheaper than the sitios. Make sure the license plates match the number painted on the side of the car, make sure that the driver is displaying HIS license, and make sure he turns on the meter. Use common sense; if the driver looks like a seedy fellow, wait for one with a sweet old man in a cardigan driving; (3) Don't miss Plaza Girabaldi on Saturday night (typically best after 10:00 p.m.). The Plaza is entirely safe; we read a lot of total crap in guidebooks about safety there; (4) carrying a beer bottle or a cup of scalding hot coffee will probably make you a less desirable victim of a crime; (5) Sears is a really nice store in Mexico; (6) unlike many latin american countries, it is appropriate to tip 10-15 percent in restaurants; (7) spend 3 hours or more at the Anthropology Museum with the US$3 Audioguide. Impressive as hell!; (8) there is a chain restaurant called Taco Inn, which is delicious and cheap for good national cuisine; (9) eat an ear of grilled corn off the street; and (10) have a real Mexican show you how to drink a shot of tequila (we gringos do it wrong, so I've been told).  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lindazenk
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location My husband and I recently had a delightful stay at the Marco Polo which is located on a quiet street in Zona Rosa. Yes the beds are hard but we slept well in our large room which also had a mini stair master machine. The hotel is immaculate and staff is friendly. The sitio cab stand is right outside the main entrance as mentioned in another review. Willy Flores is an excellent guide and a truly lovely person if you are lucky enough to get him. This part of the street also has quite a few gay bars and the hotel is definitely gay friendly. Most of the hotels in Mexico City are huge/modern which makes the Marco Polo a very attractive and warm place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lobster-on-Holiday
<Content>Super cool, super plush Hotel in Zona Rosa       Bedroom - Suite 201  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Verbal_Oz
<Content>Excellent staff but lacking some basics Today is our last day at the Marco Polo and seeing as we used this website to choose it i thought it only fair we add a few comments of our own to help you good people decide.Im not going to repeat half the points already mentioned, il just throw in a few of the main points to consider. Firstly the good. The staff in this hotel were excellent, they helped us book our follow on flights to Merida, recommended good local places to eat and also sent someone out to buy us soup when we arrived late on the first night. The room was also pretty decent, although we missed our chance for free shoe shines! Bed was as hard as everyone says, but still comfortable.Now to the less good points. We tried twice to change our American Dollars to Pesos and both times were told there were no Pesos available. This was a shame as the offered rate was good (10.8). There was also no secure luggage storage area, meaning when we checked out and wanted to leave our bags in the hotel until our 7pm flight we had to leave them nestled under a desk in reception - hardly ideal!Overall we got pretty much what we expected from the Marco Polo, it was pretty well located, not overly expensive and the staff were excellent. If you can live without the few facilities mentioned above you should give it a try.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Scot42
<Content>Excellent We spent a week at this delightful hotel Feb/March 2005. We always try to stay at boutique hotels, dislike the huge lobby/lack of personal attention at the large hotels . Marco Polo's rooms were large, clean with absolutely wonderful people at the front desk and conceierge, Luis, Patricia and Salvador come to mind. We felt very safe and secure wandering around the Zona Rosa, Polanco, Zocalo, and would recommend Mexico City to all adventure seeking travellers. We even rented a car, drove to San Miguel de Allende  Quanajacto, no problems. Will return to MC  Marco Polo.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kranky
<Content>Nice and out of the way RECOMMENDED: Located in Zona Rosa, the hotel is on a narrow side street. The neighborhood gets a bit iffy after dark. The street itself is home to a number of gay bars (not seedy), further off the main road are adult nightclubs (definitely seedy). Despite this, I liked the property and my business hosts recommended. The hotel is very small, so you actually see the staff. Each floor only has 5 rooms and while the windows don't open, it's very quiet. Rooms are clean large and well equipped with Internet, sundry food items, bar. Bathrooms are large, well lighted and nice amentities. Staff is generally quite friendly. The beds, as others have reported, are rock hard. I found them a bit hard to sleep on. Safe taxis wait by the door. All in all, if you need to stay in the center of town, this is a fine choice. While I did not dine in the restaurant, food was only OK and service was mixed.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel. Convenient        Teotehuacan  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GlenSpeyguy
<Content>Nice Place, very gay-friendly neighborhood Had a nice stay here. Clean, friendly staff. Helpful with taxis. Beds are rock hard. Very, very, very quiet. Would stay here again. Sort of lacks character, but not as bad as, say, a Holiday Inn. Very convenient to metro.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go for it! I recently stayed at the Marco Polo (Nov. 04) and found it a lovely place to stay.I chose a suite which was nicely decorated and clean.I felt at all times very safe and the location could not be better.Congratulations to all the staff, very, very helpful.Don麓t miss it!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very friendly and comfortable My wife and I have just returned from a week long stay at the Marco Polo hotel in the Zona Rosa area in Mexico City. Having travelled in the US, Spain and Italy we are very fussy in the hotel we stay in. I am glad that we chose the Marco Polo. The price was FANTASTIC, under US $100 a night which INCLUDED a buffet breakfast. Internet access was free via 2 terminals in the Lobby area. The room was pretty average yet comfortable. For under $100 a night I expected much less. We had a problem with warm water in the shower which caused a bit of an inconvenience, but the problem was quickly resolved after a phone call to advise of the problem. This happened in more than one occasion though. We stayed for 6 nights. The Location of the hotel was PERFECT. Most nights we walked around in search of great restuarants in the area and felt reasonably safe. Safety was a major concern before we left. The Plaza Zona Rosa (little mall) is also just a stone throw from the hotel as the Insurgentes Metro stop which we used every day. The best characteristic of the hotel though is the friendly staff. Saul is a gem of a concierge and I thank him for giving me a Mariachi CD from his personal collection. They also arranged for us to see the Ballet at the Bella Artes and got me the best seats in the house contrary to what I thought was the best seats without charging a premium for the service. They also advised that we do all our shopping for gifts and arts and crafts at Beuna Vista market and arranged a cab for us to go there. They also arranged a tour to visit Taxco the silver town at a very very reasonable rate. I think it was under US $45 per person for the day tour. Overall we are extremely satisfied with the Marco Polo and would definately recommend it. Saul, Luiz and the older gentleman ...you guys rock.   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Time   showReview(1790363, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s3fo
<Content>lousey room   showReview(1543385, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1485102, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newtuxedo
<Content>Marco Polo Hotel is small, quiet, and luxurious   showReview(1154505, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Mexico City   showReview(1033795, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice facilities, but for a price   showReview(1021567, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goingtokyoto
<Content>Personalized attention   showReview(923864, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(812890, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dr66
<Content>confortevole il marco polo hotel   showReview(8737561, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>christofaufreisen
<Content>Super Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis, Perfekte Lage   showReview(7701530, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>madloi
<Content>really upset! (Vraiment m茅content !)   showReview(5881514, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	4	3	

