<Author>oxfordmike
<Content>El Convento - a great place to stay despite the problems Stayed at El Convento for a week in December 2008.Location 鈥?Pretty much unbeatable if you want to stay in the Old City. Three sides of the hotel face onto quiet side streets, so there should not be too much noise from the numerous bars and restaurants near by.Building 鈥?Converted convent with open galleries round a central courtyard, Very attractive but somewhat run down. Loads of character and this makes you feel that you are not an ordinary tourist but part of the Old City 鈥渟cene鈥?br/>Reception etc 鈥?pretty goodRoom 鈥?Classic colonial style with high ceiling. Quite spacious 鈥?but again somewhat run down with odd bits falling off here and there. Air conditioning incredibly noisy and not really powerful enough. Even when turned off there was lots of obtrusive roar from the air conditioning duct Balcony 鈥?too hot to sit out most of the time.Public areas 鈥?great roof terraces with views over the old city and the seas 鈥?probably one of the hotel鈥檚 nicest featureBreakfast 鈥?expensive. Best to have some of the hotel鈥檚 free coffee and go out to one of the local cafes.Staff 鈥?friendly and responsive, but facing an uphill battle keeping the old building running.Food etc. Excellent free coffee and free bottled water available all the time. Free wine and cheese reception on roof terrace in evening really good and great opportunity to meet the other guests. Manager around to greet and chat to guest a really nice touch. Two bar/restaurants on site offer interesting tapas and local cuisine.Overall 鈥?If you are looking for Ritz Carlton levels of comfort don鈥檛 stay here.. However as an authentic place to stay in the old city the El Convento is still hard to beat.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>takojin
<Content>Beware great internet rates during busy weekends We stayed at El Convento in early November over Veteran's Day weekend after booking a queen room with limited view three months in advance. We got a great discount rate online for booking three months in advance and paid a 50% deposit at that time. Therefore we were dismayed to arrive in November and learn we had been moved to a room with double beds. The matter was not adequately handled by the manager on duty, but we moved the second night to the room type we had reserved and enjoyed the balance of our stay.After our return, I emailed a complaint to the manager and was impressed with the manner in which he handled the situation and the prompt response to my complaint. We would have been very satisfied if the same level of concern had been exhibited when we discovered the problem after check-in. The problem should have been acknowledged and handled at check-in rather than left for us to discover, complain about, and then not be resolved to our satisfaction.However, El Convento is a beautiful hotel. The restaurants on-site were some of the best meals we enjoyed in Old San Juan. Cana offers a great lunch value and it's lovely to enjoy tapas and wine on the balcony patio outside El Picoteo. Additionally, the wine and cheese reception is well done and we appreciated the complimentary coffee in the morning. We also enjoyed using the beach facilities at a sister hotel and appreciated the tip from the bellman regarding catching the city bus back to Old San Juan.The only other complaint I have is the quality of the mattresses. The mattresses in both rooms were beginning to sag in the middle and were not especially comfortable given the overall quality of the hotel.I would not dissuade people from staying at El Convento as it is beautiful. I would, however, doublecheck and confirm your room type before arrival, especially if you've gotten a really great rate and might get bumped in favor of those paying more.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	2	5	

<Author>AlissaPaul
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! We had a wonderful stay at El Convento Dec. 17 - 19, 2008. After we parked the car (parking lot across the street) a bellman greeted us immediately and took our luggage so we did not have to haul it to our room. The front desk clerks was very polite and friendly. The hotel is very charming. There is a huge terrace in the middle of the hotel. The hotel has a complimentary wine and cheese reception every night from 6-7. This was a nice touch and allowed us to talk with other guests. Also, they have complimentary coffee and tea 24 hours which was great! The pool and hot tub are on the top floor and were very niceWe have stayed all over the world and various hotels. This hotel is one of our top 5. It was clean, charming, the people were friendly, and the overall experience was top notch!!! We would recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frankie868
<Content>Loved El Convento We stayed at El Convento from 12/27/2008-1/2/2009. Not only is the hotel well run by Efrain Rosa, General Manager, but the entire staff from houskeeping to restaurant personnel, to bellmen, to utility personnel, and last but not least, the front office office staff. Special mention is reserved for Guest Services Supervisor, Judith Gantenbein. We travel quite a bit, and we found her to be the most helpful, pleasant, professional concierge of any hotel we have ever stayed in. Her personal attention to every detail of our trip was over the top. What an asset to El Convento she is. If you go to El Convento, you could communicate with her via e-mail before you get there, so you can get a head start on restaurant reservations, and excursions such as the rain forest and walking tours etc. And now a word about Mr. Rosa, the General Manager. Not only was he visable on New Year's Eve, he greeted the guests and poured champaigne for all of the guests at the daily complementary wine and cheese/fruit get together. We stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Puerto Rico two years ago at this time, and the General Manager did not do this on New Yer's Eve. Additionally, a lovely touch was that every room on New Year's Eve received a complementary bottle of champaigne and two glasses in a decorative ice bucket delivered to each guest room. The room also had a flat panel t.v., radio, and internet service. The rooms are turned down nightly and you receive clean towels twice a day, as well as chocolate placed on the bed . You will not find better service anywhere in Puerto Rico, and the Hotel is central to any place you want to go to in Old San Juan. We also took taxi's to the sister hotel, La Concha several times. La Concha is right on the beach, so between El Convento and La Concha, you have the best of both worlds. Our room (513) was very clean. As you can tell, we will return to El Convento the next time we go back to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>udalum
<Content>An Interesting, Historic Hotel My family and I were guests at El Convento for five nights. Our party consisted of my husband, myself, and my twelve year old son. The Room:  We stayed in a Queen Deluxe room (room 321). It was a really nice size, and offered a lot of room to spread out. Next to our room was a ramp, and it backed up to a rather quiet street. There were two queen sized beds in this room. The beds and the linens were very comfortable. The room was nicely decorated with old furnishings, and was quite quaint. Also in the room was a small refrigerator, two Boise radios, a flat-screen t.v., two robes, an ironing board with an iron, an old-looking alarm clock, and a safe. Positive comments about the room: It was comfortable, and really just an intersting place to stay.Small problems: If you are sensitive to noise, the bar that is outside the courtyard of El Convento (and not associated with it) can become noisy. Take a pair of earplugs just in case it gets noisy. The heavy rooms doors take care of most of the sound. I used them only twice. I'm very sensitive to sound, and was not displeased about the noise. The Location:The location of the hotel was wonderful. It is right in Old San Juan, where everything is within walking distance. The hotel is close to one of the biggest forts, and a square that has a grocery, and other interesting places to get snacks. The Staff: There were quite lovely and friendly during the stay. Ask them any questions!The Wine and Cheese Hour:This was between six p.m. and seven p.m., and was a highlight of the trip. There was fresh fruit, wine and cheeses, all at no cost. The cheese and fruit were excellent. I don't drink, so I can't say anthing about the wines. There were a few friendly staff members there that could answer questions about the city. The Restaurant for Breakfast:My son and I dined there once. I had buttermilk pancakes,and my son had the french toast. There were both delicious. I am of the personality that I like to have a super quick breakfast, and a leisurely dinner. I learned quickly that I was much happier grabbing a donut at La Bombonera on Calle San Francisco, and walking around the Old City while eating it. Therefore, I recommend eating breakfast at El Convento if you like a leisurely breakfast.El Picoteo (The tapas restaurant in the hotel):We ate there twice. The food was delicious, and the atmosphere can't be any better. I recommend eating there near the beginning of the trip, because it is convenient if you are a guest in the hotel. The hotel in general: It was a very interesting building, since it used to be an old convent. The architecture is marvelous, and the view of the bay was very pretty from the rooftop lounge. There is an extremely small pool on the roof. It was nice to have, because after a long day, taking a dip in the pool was relaxing. It also allowed us a chance to get some sun. The only annoying part of our stay here was that the hotel was quite full. They were unable to check us in until 5:30 p.m. I would recommend if you are staying here, to be ready with a list of things you would like to see/do in the city, and be prepared to walk around for awhile before you check in. That way, you are are not sitting around waiting for your room. I think if I were prepared for this later check-in time, I would not have been annoyed.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Maybeti
<Content>Loved it Lovely little luxury hotel - such a romantic place. Everything was just perfect. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ctaylo25
<Content>Unique hotel experience Overall a very good place to stay in old san juan. This is a very unique part of the city and this hotel is unlike any other I have ever been to. Very cool property with a large courtyard, multiple bars and restaurants, rooftop veranda with a small pool and hot tub. Service was three stars for four star prices, but the location makes up for that. I was disappointed that they do not have readily available valet parking and charge extra for the service, as navigating the streets of old san juan by car is not an easy task. The rooms are small and housekeeping sometimes takes till the late afternoon to clean your room. Other than those few things I have no complaints. The location and beauty of the surrounding streets makes up for the shortcomings. Overall a very cool experience. I would recommend this hotel for a stay in San Juan and would advise to stay in old san juan as opposed to condado or isla verde if traveling to the area.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>dinnerparty2010
<Content>On business, and I am in love with El Convento A mix between 4-star and local, your room is one of 50+ in an extraordinary, converted convent. The care taken to maintain its beauty and charm is second to none (I saw them varnishing the banisters and polishing the stunning antique furniture). Hospitable, unpretentious, generous, El Convento deserves a Best Of nod amongst leading American hotels to which we've grown accustomed, from the finest Schragar and Hilton properties, to the extraordinarily Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons. All the amenities are the same with the exception of a concierge, including privacy, comfort and elegance. The bed is delicious, and there are no smells to speak of which are notable in old cities and on islands. And the 24-hour, rooftop hot tub, plunge pool and fresh coffee are the icing on the cake. It's a safe, perfect location for romance (especially a much needed escape) and business meetings (a board room, outdoor/indoor library and business center) and has excellent restaurants. You'll never feel like you're on a hotel property...there's a courtyard that shades diners from the beating sun below, while rooms rise 3 floors above it on three sides of the building. You'll feel like you went back in time, though spoiled by the modern offerings. The place was nearly fully booked, and I rarely saw guests except at the nightly wine and cheese reception, most of whom were on vacation, there for a wedding, or on honeymoon. Convinced? I'm a snobby NYer who travels for work regularly, so please don't even consider the Sheraton in the same area but opposite 17-story-high cruise ships and other tourism clutter. You'll get what you bargained for -- literally -- if you do.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>workin'guy
<Content>Great historical hotel This hotel is truly a piece of magificient history - the staff were wonderful, excellent service, the place was very clean, the wine and cheese tea each afternoon a wonderful treat - you can sit on the terrace on watch bats fly about early evening while a piano or band plays in the courtyard. I did find it very expensive though, our room over 300$/night, nice kept room but not very large, and our ocean view , well, we could see the ocean all right, but over top of a group of other , not well-maintained buildings. The pool is a splash pool, I have a living room rug about the same size. I guess I had expected a pool I could do laps in. I loved the hotel itself, the history with it, BEAUTIFUL floors, but i did find the tappas restaurant in the hotel very expensive for such tiny servings, After a 200$ bill for three of us, we went out and got something else to eat to fill up; and the room rate I thought was high for the quality of the room that's all. I did enjoy the stay and thought it was a great place, If you don't mind the price tag - you will enjoy it here.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wolfatlga
<Content>One of the most beautiful hotels we stayed... We had two rooms before our cruise on the Serenade of the Seas after Thanksgiving, the view was beautiful of Old San Juan and the ocean. The rooms are small, but very comfortable and we felt we were staying in a beautiful museum. Our room had an inside glass door to keep out sounds from the hallway, since there is an inside courtyard. We ate breakfast in the courtyard and really enjoyed our stay. They also arranged a walking tour of Old San Juan that was amazing, he meet us in the lobby and then off we went for a very personal and pleasant day before boarding the ship.For an extra treat, since our friends were on their honeymoon, we went to the Dragon Fly restaurant, since we had heard great reviews and easy to walk to from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VAMike
<Content>Great stay at El Convento Spent 3 nights at El Convento. Great location, our room was very nice, and service was excellent. Everyone was helpful with booking tour, restaurant recommendations and reservations, etc. We spent a day at the beach at their affiliated hotel La Concha, which was excellent. We would recommend highly.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>absmith
<Content>Very nice hotel It is a lovely hotel. The staff is quite knowledgeable, especially the managers. The other staff (the woman who checked us in, the bell boy) were clearly not as well trained as the manager - the were overly solicitous. A weird thing:The bell boy didn't set up the luggage rack for us. Instead, he pushed the TV to the side of the bureau and placed the bag on the bureau.The downsides: they say they want to protect the environment, so hang up your towels if you want to use them again. We did, and when we got back to our room, they had put in new towels. I guess it's better to err on the side of fresh towels, but then don't have the eco-friendly sign up.The room was wheelchair accessible. Like many hotels I stay in, the shower head was placed at it's highest height, and therefore out of my reach. Additionally, I had requested a shower chair before my stay, and they assured me it would be in the shower when I arrived. It wasn't, and I had to remind them to deliver one.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Greg187
<Content>Great hotel in a great location Stayed one night last week at the El Convento and it was a great stay. I doubt you could find a hotel with more history or character in all of Old San Juan. Not to mention an ideal location. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The room and ammenities were very nice. As others have noted the plunge pool is small and lounge chairs are limited but it was kept very nicely, has great views and was overall just very enjoyable.The highlight of the stay was the afternoon wine reception. A really nice selection of cheese and wine were served on the terrace with brilliant views of the illuminated cathedral. While we did not have the chance to eat or drink at the hotel restaurants, the tapas bar looked real cool.There was however one slight problem - the air conditioner. In the middle of the night (2AM) my girlfriend and I both woke up on the verge of a sweat (the AC was on the lowest possible setting but clearly not working). We called the desk and someone came up super quickly. However, it was only the desk clerk who was helpful but not qualified to fix the problem. He offered to call the off-site engineer or move us to another room. In the interest of time, we took the other room down the hall but he sort of insisted we take all of our belongings with us. Which, as you can imagine, wasn't too fun at that hour. I'm not sure why we couldn't leave them there until morning. These things do I happen and I understand. However, I was surprised that there was no apology or modest compensation the following morning (like sending morning coffee/breakfast up to the room or a small credit). Aside from the air conditioner it was a great stay and I would highly recommend it. It was convenient to all the historic sites, shopping and dining. After a long day of walking the sites, it was great to have our room so close. After a nap by the pool, a shower, and glass of wine...we were only a few minutes walk from our dinner reservation.Oh but just a reminder - this is not a beach hotel. They have an affiliation with a property about 20 minutes away. But...if you are looking for a true beach front/resort type property, you may wish to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>BermudaMandy
<Content>Absolutely the best choice for Hotels in San Juan! If you are searching for a place to stay in San Juan, you can stop your searching now and book at this magnificent hotel! After reading all of the reviews, we decided to trust tripadvisor and book this hotel and we could not be happier about our choice. I could not possibly describe what a wonderful place this is with words, but I will try. From the moment you walk in the front doors of the hotel, you feel at home. The doorman greets you and sends you on to the concierge. While checking in, the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They gave us suggestions of what to do around the area, where to eat, what beach to visit, and a map of the area. El Convento is not on the beach, but it has a sister hotel, La Concha that is. Just take a cab over to the sister hotel and you can use their beach chairs, towels, and pool for free!The room was large and the bathroom looked clean and updated. The room had a flat screen TV, hair dryer, radio, shampoo, conditioner, lotion and mouthwash. On the 3rd floor of the hotel, they offered free bottled water anytime you wanted it. This is great to have when walking around downtown or going over to the beach for the day. The wine and cheese hour was amazing! For one hour, you get to mingle with fellow guests and enjoy red wine, white wine, and a variety of delicious cheeses and grapes. The location of the hotel cannot be beat. It is in Old San Juan within walking distance to El Morro (the fort) and a lot of shopping, restaurants, and bars. We found all of the people in San Juan to be very friendly and welcoming also. We were very impressed with how fluently everyone we encountered spoke both Spanish and English. We felt very safe walking around during the day as well as at night. I have stayed at another hotel in San Juan and did not enjoy my stay nearly as much as I did this time. The atmosphere, amazing attentive helpful friendly staff members, and location of this hotel make this hotel number 1 for a reason. I can't wait to go back for a much longer stay in the future.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PghDave
<Content>Great location and atmosphere       Courtyard  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>10sfan
<Content>Loved El Convento! This is a delightful hotel that is ideally situated for exploring Old San Juan. We had a wonderful if brief (one night) stay here in a queen vista room and enjoyed the view over the harbor. The plunge pool and hot tub were great day and night. The staff were very charming and helpful, and the service at the hotel and the tapas restaurant was excellent. A special thanks to Jaime who helped with our bags, and Gus who served us in the tapas restaurant. Overall I can't say enough about this hotel and hope to return for a longer stay next time!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HLeigh_8
<Content>Love this hotel! I stayed here on a wedding planning trip. El Convento is a wonderful hotel. The service is outstanding, the location can't be beat, and the hotel is full of character.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UnderwoodNewOrleans
<Content>Perfect for my needs I checked online for locations in Old San Juan and El Convento kept being mentioned as the best choice. It was for me also. It mixed location, a very nice section of the old city, with historic charm. I was very surprised by the modern twists to such a historic hotel. Flat screen tv, data ports on the desk as well as a house terminal for those who didn't bring their laptops. The staff was numerous and as helpful as anyone might hope for. I was refered to local-style restaurants even when they have three fine ones of their own. The rain forest tour booked for me was first class. The staff listened to what I wanted and was delightfuly helpful. I would recommend the El Convento to anyone traveling to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WorksforTravelMoney
<Content>Excellent Romantic Hotel in the Heart of Old San Juan       Church Across the Street  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Britannic
<Content>The only place to stay in Old San Juan! This is a great hotel set in an old Convent (as the name suggests!) Located in the centre of Old San Juan just opposite the beautiful San Juan Cathedral.With 3 restaurants and bars the complex is quite self contained,Cana deserves a special mention for its great local dishes,can't go to Puerto Rico without sampling some Mofongo!The staff were polite and friendly especially Shannon on the front desk! The one female duty manager was not as nice but she was in the minority.A splash pool is located on the roof and a wine and cheese reception is held every night at 6pm. A nice touch but get there fast as Puerto Rico is on the American cruise ship itinery so swathes of trippers from the mainland US will soon be disturbing the peace!Overall a great hotel in the European style,the location is perfect!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Tearitup
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at the Hotel El Convento for 7 days in September. I loved everything about the hotel. We were treated wonderfully by the staff. Soledad specifically went above and beyond to help us with tour bookings and other things before we even arrived. While the pool area is small as some have said, it is a beautiful oasis in the midst of Old San Juan. We enjoyed sitting in the hot tub in the evening, very peaceful. One of the things we enjoyed the most was that most everything is within walking distance of the hotel. We even walked to the cruise ship docks and took the free ferry across to where the Bacardi factory is located. We much preferred the local Don Q rum though. The staff is really great. We never had a problem with our room being cleaned. Each day when we were out our beds were made, fresh towels and toiletries were left and the drapes were opened to let in the sun. At night, again while we were out, the beds were turned down, chocolates left on the pillows and soft music tuned in on the Bose radio. Very nice service and never intrusive . If you do stay at the hotel be sure to stop by the manager鈥檚 reception held nightly from 6-7pm. A nice variety of wines and cheeses are provided and it鈥檚 a good opportunity to meet some of the other guests. There is library on the third floor where besides a small selection of books and newspapers you will also find a public internet terminal. This comes in handy for checking email (if you must!) and printing out boarding passes and checking flight status. Overall we would highly recommend this hotel. It鈥檚 a beautiful boutique hotel in a unique location.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>AlexofMelbourne
<Content>So worth it       hotel splash pool and spa  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bardfan75
<Content>Loved El Convento My sister and I spent two nights at El Convento on a trip to celebrate her birthday. The hotel is old-fashioned and elegant, but not glitzy, which is what I like. It reminded me of European hotels. Because we were there in the off season, we found a rate of $125/night on the hotel鈥檚 website, a bargain compared to the high season rates. The hotel is in walking distance of all the major sites of the city. I recommend this hotel for travelers who want total immersion into the charms of Old San Juan. I do not recommend it for anyone who wants a new building on the beach with big rooms, Jacuzzi tubs, a casino, dancing, etc.The hotel is built around an open courtyard, featuring a restaurant surrounding a large old Nispero tree. Instead of hallways, rooms open on to galleries overlooking the courtyard. Outside each room is a small table and chairs overlooking the courtyard. Our room was small, but had old-fashioned charm鈥攚rought-iron headboards for the beds and antique furniture. A full鈥搇ength window at one end offered a view of a small street below and in the distance, the Atlantic Ocean.A plus was an area with a refrigerator, stocked with free bottled water, and complimentary terry-cloth robes. An honor bar with drinks and snacks was on a terrace downstairs. Tea and coffee were complimentary. At 6 pm, a free reception offered a number of kinds of wine, plus cheeses and fruit. We enjoyed talking to fellow guests at the reception.The pool is small, but the view of the cathedral from the upper terrace is spectacular. There is also a hot tub. We ate at El Picateo, the El Convento restaurant that specializes in tapas. Our server recommended empanadillas filled with lobster to go with the pina coladas we had been craving. They were scrumptious and started us off on a week in which everything we ate was delicious.My only complaint was the $20 resort fee charged on top of the room rates. We arrived after 10 pm the first night so I asked that it be waived since we did not take advantage of any resort features, such as the option to get a pass to a sister hotel on the beach. However, we still had to pay it.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Jmraggs
<Content>Nice relaxing place in center of town We stayed here several days as a pre-cruise hotel so we could relax and see the city before embarking on our cruise. Since the moment we arrived, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.Check in was fast and we quickly went to our room on the 5th floor via the elevator. The room was fairly large and very nice with a view to the pool deck area and the San Juan Bay in the distance. We had a queen bedroom which had a nice flat screen TV, nice stereo that sounded fantastic and a desk area. There is ample room in the closet but we couldn't find a safe even though the hotel indicated that there was one. I didn't even inquire as it wasn't a big deal for us.The bathroom was nicely done, not huge but not small either as there was plenty of room for us. The hotel was very quiet and it seemed like we were the only ones there. The outside courtyard is beautiful and hardly used by anyone. We found the food prices at the restaurants a little on the pricey side and that's why I think that not many people were there dining. We did eat at the street level restaurant with patio area which I think was called Cana but I am not sure that was the name. The food was excellent but a little on the pricey side ($10 for our appetizer) but we enjoyed the food at least. The drinks we ordered didn't show up until we were almost finished with our meal even though there were only two other tables of people in the place. The staff seemed a little confused on what drink to make and who requested it. When we finally received our Martinis, but they weren't even what we ordered as far as the flavor, but we just drank them anyway as we didn't want to wait anymore since our meal had now finished.The hotel staff was extremely helpful with suggestions on where to go for local flavor dining in the area where locals dine. They were correct in all of their suggestions. We dined at some great local places.The wine and cheese reception was very good, nice selection of wines and cheeses. We tried the pool and spa a few times just to unwind and it was very enjoyable and a good way to cool off.I would stay here again because it's very close to everything in the center of town but in a very quiet area and the staff was exceptional in friendliness and helpfulness.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BVIpost
<Content>Amazing boutique hotel We stayed at the hotel between 12 - 14 September 2008. The hotel itself is fantastic - it is steeped in history and the rooms are characterful and clean. The beds are amazingly comfortable. We were on the second floor facing the external courtyard to the front of the hotel and it was incredibly quiet.We ate dinner at the hotel restaurant the first night of our stay. The food was excellent, as was the service. The mojitos from the bar are the best I've ever tasted! The tapas was great - pretty big portions so no need to go too crazy on the ordering (like we did!). I didn't think it was a bad price for the quality/quantity provided. The atmosphere was great and there was even some flamenco dancing on the bar.We went to Hacienda Caribali on the Saturday with friends - 2 of us were horse riding and 2 were going on the quad bikes. We had a fantastic time. The horses are all in great shape. They match the horse to your ability and my horse was responsive, well fed and well behaved. The stables are very clean and well maintained and the horses that were waiting to go on the trail rides were kept together, in the shade with fans blowing on them to keep them cool - they were cooler than we were! I'm happy to recommend this trip to anyone.The quad bike rides were also thoroughly enjoyed and the guides were excellent. The quad bike guide was full of interesting facts about the rainforest and its history.About half way through the trip we all met up together at the river so that the horses could have a break in the shade and we could go for a swim which was great fun.The hacienda is about an hour long drive out of Old San Juan. A representative from the Hacienda arrived around an hour and a half before our trip to collect us from the hotel. She was polite and knowledgable and there were refreshments waiting in the car for us. The taxi ride was complimentary within the trail ride price (which I think is very reasonably priced). We were taken to the hacienda and when we were finished riding we could take as long as we wanted at the ranch before our driver took us back to the hotel, via a different route so that we could see the coast and the famous strip of roadside restaurants.All in all our trip was fantastic and I will definitely be returning to do it again in the coming months. We will be staying at El Convento again - great location, great food and wonderful rooms.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blockster
<Content>My new favorite hotel My husband, 20 YO son, and I just came back from a four night stay in Old San Juan, at the Hotel El Convento, September 1-5. It is my new favorite hotel and the ultimate romantic experience. The rooms were gorgeous. We were on the fifth floor, with a view of the harbor, tile floors, a very comfortable bed, and every amenity. The decor is in the Spanish style. Unlike what was posted previously, we found our rooms to be immaculately clean. The housekeeping staff provided turndown service each evening. Not just opening up the bed and putting out chocolates (which were yummy), but the Bose radio was set on classical music, the wet towels were exchanged for new ones and the bathroom cleaned, a bathrobe was placed across the bed, the toiletries were replenished and more bottle water (which is free) was placed in the refrigerator. Perfection.The entire staff was very accomodating. Special kudos to Jaime (AKA James, Jim), the doorman (though we think we got a promotion while we were there. Congrats!). He was so warm and friendly, remembering our names and giving us excellent recommendations when we asked questions. The men and women behind the desk were always pleasant and available to share a map, answer a question, or make arrangements for touring the rainforest. AND the resident cat was often available to accept a head scratching.The wine and cheese reception at 6 each evening was a lovely event, which we attended twice. A large selection of wines, cheeses, crackers and fruit were available, along with the ubiquitous bottled water. And I could purchase my personal vice, Diet Coke. There are candlelit tables, inside and out, and a hostess to faciltate.BTW, the location is perfect for taking off by foot to tour Old San Juan. Please go to my forum posting if you are interested in a summary of our trip.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PearlAtlantaGeorgia
<Content>Wow We spend two nights at this hotel on 8-30 through 9-1. My husband celebrated his birthday at this hotel. At first, it was not a wow factor for my husband but certainly for me....I called house keeping attention to our bathroom, to what we thought was a unclean bathroom sink. Immediately, after notifying the house keeping department the maid came and cleaned her life away on the sink. Then followed by the manager Soledad to inspect, what appears to be flit was residue of paint that the contractors didn't do a great job cleaning up after the renovation.That evening we went out to the happy hour, which was Fabulous!!! Then returned to our room to hear the radio stationed on jazz, robe and bed slipper laid out on our bed and the sheets were pulled back.The night of my husband birthday was another wow! Rose petals shape in Heart on the bed, robe and slipper laid out, sheets pulled back, a bottle of small champagne/two wine glass and radio station on jazz.We felt like King and Queen!! The only thing that kinda was disappointing, we either didn't listen well enough or wasn't told that the beer and soda at happy hour was for sale. We learned that the next day, after my husband drank a beer. The sign is sitting on the counter top, but too small and really...who really is going to be looking for that sign.I just think it needs to be more visible...But beyond that we were happy and pleased with everything. I immediately bought it to the manager attention and it was taken off my bill.I would definitely return with my husband again!I tipped both maids that serviced our room during our stay at El Convento. Believe me...I wouldn't have tipped even a dollar if the service was not Excellent !!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ephraime
<Content>Lacking cleanliness We just returned from a trip to Old San Juan where we stayed at this hotel. The room was comfortable; however, the maids do not clean the room. We stayed for four night and on three occasions we had to call housekeeping to have them go over the room that was supposedly cleaned while we were out. On one occasion my husband and I sat in the corridor and watch a maid go into our room by taking a fresh set of towels from the car standing in the corridor and he went into the room. He spent 15 minutes and he came out and went into another room. He did not have any disinfectant,, glass cleaner, clean classes in his hands. We went in after he left the room. I found that he had just taken the soiled towels and wiped down the face basin and the class shelf above it. He had not touched the tub which was dirty I do not know how he cleaned the cups and glasses in the room.I went to housekeeping and called the 鈥渟upervisor鈥?she came and examined the room then she sent him to get the disinfecting solution to clean the tub and then asked me if it was better. Having to complain about the cleanliness of the room three times made me not appreciate the uniqueness of the hotel and it ruined my stay. Also, do not eat at the hotel because the cost is outrageous, even higher than Hawaii. Breakfast for two, with two eggs and toast, three pieces of fruits is $30.00 and up. Here is another example, two tasteless appetizers in the hotel caf茅 with two fruit cocktails, $60.00.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>thehappypig
<Content>Disappointed I had my heart set into this hotel for a very long time. I have to say that the staff is very friendly and the hotel is charming but it had too many problems that made our stay in there very umpleasant. First, the hotel is being remodeled and we were placed in the same floor where the remodeling is taking place. We booked 2 rooms and in the middle of our rooms they had a storage area where they were moving furniture among other things even late at night because of the renovation process. El Picoteo restaurant plays loud (very loud) music certain days of the week. To make it worse one of our rooms is located directly on top of the restaurant music area. We were not warned at all. The music was so loud that some bottles we had on top of the bathroom vanity fell on the floor and going to the bathroom that night was an extremely unpleasant experience. The music was very loud even after 2 AM. The rooms were very dusty in certain areas. They did clean but the coffee pot on top of our refrigerator had dust that was there at least for a couple of weeks. We also had mosquitoes on our rooms. My children had about 6-10 mosquito bites all over their bodies. There is even a can of mosquito spray in the room so I assume they already know about the problem.The rooms are really pretty but like I said our rooms were not remodeled yet and they are really very outdated. The location is wonderfull and most od the staff is really very nice. Some of them go out and beyond to try to help. But for us is not a place that we will go back again. Yes I did love the experience of being able to stay there and walk Old San Juan at any time, but when I stay in a hotel I do not expect to be awake past 2 AM because the walls in the room are vibrating because of excessive noise. If they are going to have a tenant who is so disrespectful to the guest of the hotel they should probably consider closing those rooms or letting the tenant of the restaurant go.I will stay someplace else next time.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CuatroPaisanas
<Content>Fabulous Stay We stayed at El Convento for two nights last week and were certainly not disappointed. It is very romantic, beautiful and steeped in history. The rooms are a little small, but more than comfortable. Rooms include a sound proof door to keep out the noise at night from the many events and special occasions held at the hotel. The concierge arranged a fabulous in room massage for me and my husband. The Tapas restaurant in the hotel is excellent as well. It featured live music both Friday and Saturday night. There is a cozy library where you can read or check email, plus many different verandas or patios with georgous views of the city to sit and relax comfortably out of doors. El Convento is located right in the middle of Old San Juan so it is an easy walk to all the shops, restaurants, and attractions. If you want beach access, they have a sister property in Condado where you can go and enjoy the water. We highly reccomend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>ericinatlanta
<Content>Old World Charm in the heart of Old San Juan Hotel El Convento is a charming boutique hotel in the heart of Old San Juan, one of the most enchanting cities I've had the opportunity to visit. In the heart of the best of San Juan's best dining, shopping, and siteseeing district, it makes up for the lack of beach access by giving you passes to one of its several sister properties with oceanfront beach access. The hotel employees were extremely helpful in arranging activities, booking services and providing area recommendations and directions, and the hotel is everything one could hope for in the city - beautiful views, gorgeous decor, a beautiful courtyard and a few charming resident cats to greet you at the elevator every night. The nightly wine and cheese reception is an added bonus. Overall - one of our favorite hotels we've ever stayed at. Very highly recommended. If you're considering a visit to San Juan, I'd recommend you stay nowhere else... in talking to the many people we met during our trip, El Convento is everything (location, charm, ambience) that all of the big resorts lack.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>d_loRiverside
<Content>Great HOtel The staff was great!!!! Ms. Cristine was always there to help you out she is very knowledgeable. Also, Jaime was always there with a smile on his face giving out directions for diferent locations. Shanon and Melody were very helpfull as well. By far this hotel experience has been the best yet!!! I recomend this hotel to everyone!!! The facilities are clean, the staff is friendly, and the hotel is at a great location in Old San Juan, where you are walking distance from two different historical sites.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>babygoon
<Content>Loved the history and location of this charming small hotel       Exterior hallway on the 5th floor, rooms on the right, overlooks the courtyard on the left  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dfa9a
<Content>Luxurious stay (The) El Convento Hotel is a wonderful place to stay if you want to stay in Old San Juan. We only had 2 nights in all of Puerto Rico, so we had to choose a place that would maximize our stay, even if it was a little pricey. El Convento worked out perfectly. The furnishings are wonderful and the staff is incredibly friendly (perhaps to a fault, actually). If you want a place in Old San Juan that is beautiful, luxurious, and definitely high class, then this is the place.Tip: the wine and cheese reception is great!!!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bpharo
<Content>El Convento Hotel in old San Juan was Incredible I choose to spend 2 nights at this hotel to celebrate my sisters 50th wedding anniversary and pre cruise. I wanted something unique and memorable and that is exactly want I got. We took a taxi from the airport which cost 23.00 for 4 people including all of our luggage. When we pulled up to El Convento Feliciano was there waiting for us as if he knew we were coming. He made us feel so special that we will never forget him. From the minute we arrived we were in awe of the hotel. A few months prior to arriving I had requested rooms 216 and 218 because they have actual step out patios. I knew that there was no guarantee that I would get these rooms just because I requested them but much to my surprise I receved an email from the manager himself telling me he would try to accomadate my request and was looking forward to our arrival. This was totally unexpected and appreciated. I was so impressed that the manager would take time to send this email. Melody checked us in, she was so sweet and helpful. Much to my surprise we did get rooms 216 and 218. We had arrived early about 1:30 pm and 1 room was ready and the other room was almost done so Feliciano took our luggage up to the room that was ready and told us about all the ammenities. We sat in the courtyard and had the best sangrias I have every had. What a peaceful feeling we had sitting in this beautiful courtyard, an unforgetable way to start our vacation.The other room was ready within 45 minutes of our arrival. Check in was not until 3PM so we were very excited to get into our rooms early. Our rooms were just as I thought they would be very unique and I am sure with much history. I loved the fact that you could open the outer door for more light and there was an inner glass door to keep out any bugs from the outside. Our bed was comfortable and we had a beautiful patio that had 2 chairs and a table on it, very private. Complimentary bottles of water included daily and a nice flat screen TV. When you walked out of your room there were table and chairs to sit at that over looked the courtyard.Really enjoyed the free wine,cheese and fruit reception nightly at 6pm and the 24 hr coffee and tea on the 4th floor terrace as well as the honor bar, what a great idea and it was well stocked.The roof top terrace was a nice surprise, a great place to relax. My sister has not stopped talking about her 50th anniversary at thia amazing hotel and the hospiality we received. Great Location, 4 great restaurants and a very unique hotel. I am a travel agent and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. My only regret is that I did not get to meet the manager, well next time because I will be back. By the way try the El Buren restaurant across the street also great food and drinks reasonably priced. Ask for Mohammed the bar tender. He is very special and makes great drinksThanks for the memories Barbara Pharo Tampa Fl.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Citychick_0274
<Content>Great Location We just returned from Puerto Rico last week and because tripadvisor reviews were such a great help to me during planning, I thought I would do my part and write a review. Now mind you, I am a person who realizes that I am on vacation and that the culture anywhere I go is going to be different than home. I don't take much seriously when I am on vacation. After all, the purpose is to relax and go with the flow. With that said, the hotel itself is gorgeous!!! The rooftop garden/pool is beautiful as is the entry foyer. The location is optimal as it is close to shopping, food and sights.My biggest complaint (which is really not a huge deal) was that all the glasses in the room were dirty. We brought some plastic cups from the previous hotel so we used those. No biggie. The bathtub was not the cleanest thing I have ever used, but it was in the corners of the tub so I just stayed away from those sections. Although I expected it (it is a converted convent after all) the room is really small and smells a bit musty. Again, no biggie. The bose stereo was nice and the flat screen tv was cool for watching tv before bed. HAHAHAHA! We had a haunted phone that would turn it's speaker phone on by itself and refused to hang up. Eventually we just unplugged it after it woke my boyfriend I in the middle of the night. The alley view from our room was nice and the staff, including the parking valets, were super friendly and knowledgeable. The 24 hour water, tea, coffee service was nice as was the wine/cheese reception every day at 6pm. All in all it is a nice hotel but was not my favorite of the trip.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>wmchica
<Content>Perfect! We stayed here for two nights at the end of our honeymoon and LOVED it! It is the perfect location from which to explore Old San Juan. The hotel itself is beautiful and well-kept, our room was very comfortable and we enjoyed the pool and jacuzzi on the roof. We liked having breakfast each day in the courtyard and the waitstaff was very attentive. The only drawback was they did not have any rooms with a king size bed, and since my husband is very tall we would have ilked to have that. Still, the bed was comfortable, just not quite big enough. Everything else was perfect.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cayci03
<Content>Would visit again Overall this place was great! Unbeatable location, great terraces, spacious rooms, friendly and very helpful staff, and who could help but rave about free wine and cheese?!? My family and I took one of the tours listed in the guest services books (Rain forest and beach) in the rooms and had an amazing time. The hotel took the hassle out of finding and booking a good tour guide. I thought the tour was a bit pricey at first but following the tour I'd say it was worth every penny. Only complaint I have was that my bed definitely had bed bugs. Every morning (and sometimes throughout the night) I'd wake up with new bite marks all over my legs. Now I don't recall being bitten by anything when I was out and about (in fact I can't recall encountering many bugs at all in Puerto Rico) but, by the time I returned home I i have quite a few bite marks all over both legs. Considering we never opened the patio door I think it is a safe bet to narrow it down to bed bugs. Other than that a great stay.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tink1234
<Content>charming I couldn't have been happier with our one night stay in June. We had spent the previous 5 days at the Wyndham Rio Mar but we wanted one night in San Juan in order to see the city more fully. We had not originally booked here only b/o the two night minimum on weekends and instead reserved the Marriott in Condado instead, even though honestly, we would have preferred this hotel. Unbeknownst to me, that Marriott was the old Dupont Plaza where the tragic fire of 1986 took place. We had been booked at that hotel for arrival the day of the fire in '86 (when I was but a teenager) and the only reason we were not there was our flight was delayed. To put it mildly, we feel it was a miracle we were not there at the exact time of the fire where 97people lost their lives. Anyway, I found this out only the morning we were supposed to check into the Marriott and I will give them credit, I explained my story and they cancelled our reservation without penalty. I was then scrambling for a hotel and Carlos at El Convento worked a small miracle for us. He found us a double room and waived the 2 night minimum since we were calling for a room for that day. I can't tell you how much his effort and hospitality meant to us.The hotel itself simply could not be more atmospheric and the location was ideal. The nightly wine and cheese reception was a treat with a gorgeous assortment of cheeses and interesting wines, all served on the 4th floor terrace. The 24 hour coffee and tea service and the rooftop pool overlooking the cathedral were also big hits for us. Our room, though without a view, was enormous! All we had to do to get a view was walk 5 paces, so no complaints there. My only word of advice would be for travelers with children. The hotel staff themselves were nothing but gracious and welcoming but I would not say the same for all of the guests - I understand this to a certain point, it is more of an adult hotel but the fact is, they allow children so if other patrons want absolutely no children, they need to find an adult only hotel. We have 2 children ages 5 and 10, who are seasoned travelers and know when they are to be on best manners, and still we got some dirty looks. So while I wouldn't steer families away from the hotel, one night was just right for us. The four of us also had dinner at El Picoteo and thought the food and the atmosphere could not have been beat. I would recommend this hotel for everyone who wants to have total immersion into the charms of Old San Juan, even those with children. I asked my kids to be respectful that the guests were mostly adults who didn't want to hear a lot of screaming kids, and made sure that they were on their best behavior but after that I just didn't let the other guests spoil what is an unforgettable hotel!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joangszy
<Content>Wonderful Gem       courtyard at El Convento  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>fbusa
<Content>Great place to stay in San Juan If you like small hotels, in central locations, with bags of character and history, an outdoor dining terrace and bar area overlooking the old town square then you will probably like El Convento. If you like big, modern with a casino then this isnt for you.Maybe the hotel overplays the rooms with views and some reviewers have been disappointed - all I can say is that San Juan has mainly flat-roofed buildings with satellite dishes etc. From our room you could technically see the sea but the foreground is the quirky, characteristic roofs - charming in a San Juan way.I loved El Convento for its pretty courtyard, old architecture, the wine and cheese hour on the terrace, a quiet late night drink over-looking the old town square and floodlit church, easy stroll to the water..San Juan is interesting and the bars great fun ! and 2-3 nights about right if just doing the tourist stuff. (if you are a small quiet hotel-type person I would also recommend the Horned Dorset Hotel, Rincon vs the other large Puerto Rican hotels).  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Wyonative7
<Content>Very nice with a story       Our room  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bahstengirl
<Content>Skip El Picoteo-go across the street to Buren's We chose to eat her based on some other reviews. It was during a food festival and things were busy. The traffic was terrible and parking cost us $27!The food was ok at El Picoteo, certainly not cheap for what we got. It is tapas style but very expensive. Drinks were also expensive. We actually had a better experience across the street at Buren . We went here before dinner since the roads were so crowded and our reservation was not for another hour. The bartender Emmanuel was wonderful. He gave us great suggestions for sightseeing all around the island and made a mean batch of Sangria! The prices and food were more reasonable and better. We had just a few items at El Picoteo and then went back across the street for more food and drink!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlc00
<Content>Could have been better We stayed here for 3 nights during our honeymoon. The hotel is in a great location and is a beautiful building. However they seem to rely on their historic hotel designation way too much, as the hotel is very expensive but the rooms and management leave a lot to be desired. The management was not very helpful when we encountered a problem with our room. Also, housekeeping does a subpar job - i don't think they clean the toilets very frequently.We were in a queen deluxe room for $300 (plus tax), although that was the smallest queen bed i have ever seen and my husband and i couldn't fit in the bathroom together (and we are fairly slender people). The first room we were in, which I was told no less than 75 times was their model room (i still have no idea why), had this extremely annoying banging noise coming out of the AC duct that happened every 30 seconds or so (with the AC on or off). We complained that night, were told they had no rooms in our rate, so to check back tomorrow. The banging continued all night, so we complained again the next morning and were told they would send an engineer to look at it and if they couldn't fix it we could switch rooms. When we checked back at 5pm, we were told that the engineer sat in the room for 30 minutes and never heard it. The manager acted liked we were making it up, which is always a nice attitude. She told us that if we still heard it when we went back, she would switch our room. Of course, within 1 minute of being in the room, we heard it. After making the manager and their engineer come to the room with us, they also heard it within a minute or 2. Then the engineer said Yeah, I have heard that before, just not today. And you didn't try to fix it last time? Excellent work ethic. They did switch us to another room, which was very quiet. Upon checkout, when we saw that we were billed the full rate for the first night, we complained to the manager on duty (same one as before, lucky us). We didn't want the room for free, but considering the aggravation I felt a little customer coddling was in order. She was clearly annoyed that we were bothering her again and before I even completed my sentence she said she would give us 30% off the rate. That's all I wanted. Well, with a little less attitude. Bottom line - its a very unique building with a gorgeous patio inside (excellent breakfast at their restaurant), and they have a complimentary wine/cheese thing which was lovely, but the management and housekeeping could use some serious work. It was certainly not terrible, but was far from stellar and its WAY too expensive considering the problems, no matter how much free cheese you give me.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	1	3	

<Author>jayson182
<Content>Old world charm Great service from arrival to departure. Location is perfect! Far enough away from the tourist off the cruise ships and closer to El Morro. Make sure you cross the street to El batey!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>FullofPureLife
<Content>Enchanted - Could be better informed We stayed at Hotel El Convento for one night after a weekend in Culebra. We didn't have reservation so we thought we couldn't get a room. A friend mentioned us about the hotel. We then did some research. We first review the Hotel in Trip Advisor. My couple and I had a curiosity from the reviews in the web page and how the Hotel Manager always writes back to any comment. This is not normal, it was clear that service was important for the hotel. The Rooms are small but we didn't expect anything big specially in a 300 old small luxury building-hotel and for the price we paid last minute. We met Jaime the door man. Everyone talk's about him. Almost a Celebrity. The location is great next to Coach, Guess, Burberry, Puma and Ralph Lauren Outlets. What I like about Puerto Rico is that you don't have 100 people jumping on top of you trying to sell you something like it happens on other islands, the south of spain or other countries. Early that evening we started walking around the hotel and for our surprise we went to the this little room and the hotel that had Wine and Chesse of the hotel. Great romantic view. We only had bottled water, but they had a full self service bar. I am originally from Spain and we decided to visit the tapas rest for a salad and some drinks. I could only say that only in sevilla you see restaurants so beautiful like this one. Well then we heard music coming from the outside terrace and from my surprise a really nice jazz band was playing. It was another restaurant but we didn't know because there's no signage of the rest inside the hotel and the front desk didn't mention anything. The hotel only has a sign to The Patio Rest and the Picoteo Rest. The two tables seating next to us at the terrace were enjoying a 5 Rum Flight with a Rum Expert. They really seemed to be having a good time. The hotel should hand out or provide a small information recommendation guide mentioning all the rest they have and its concept. Because they are all unique and different and they all have there charm and theme. Well it was a Rum Bar called Kane or Ca帽a. Really good mojito. We enjoy the rest of the night enjoy from the jazz band the hotel provided in the outside terrace next to a incredible art statue. My couple wanted to stay viewing some sports game inside the restaurant but not on our only night in Puerto Rico. That night we then continue walking around the Old City and ended up with the view of the fort El Morro. At night the light effect of the fort makes it look like floating in the air. A Must See. We slept like babies that night. During the morning we had breakfast and left. Overall 鈥?The Hotel is beautiful. Being old one couldn鈥檛 expect thing to be like new building hotel. Having this in mind help us enjoy the hotel structure and d茅cor even more. The next time we visit Puerto Rico I will stay in the hotel at least one or two night then move to a beach front hotel. We still have a big curiosity of the Rum Flight those two tables were having at the Rum Bar Kane or Ca帽a!!!!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>abigsvi
<Content>What a great hotel! The El Convento was highly recommended by friends and also by Trip Advisor so we felt pretty confidentant in our choice of hotel. I have to say, it was a pleasure staying there. In addition to the beauty of the hotel itself, these little things made the stay highly enjoyable: 1) Free internet in the rooms. 2) complimentary bottled water in the in-room fridge and 3) complimentary nightly wine and cheese hour which also included water, coffee, tea, soft drinks, beer, and mixed drinks. The wine choices were excellent as well, 4 different reds and 4 different whites. This area also had complimentary coffee, tea and bottled water all day. I found it so refreshing to not have to pay for an internet connection and also to not get charged $6.00 for a bottle of water like is often the case in many hotels.The other great plus is the location of El Convento, right in the heart of Old San Juan and walking distance to great shopping and dining as well as the forts.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>SarahASeattle
<Content>Charming We stayed at this hotel for an overnight layover on our way to Antigua and it was such a great place! The rooms were very large and clean and beautiful. The hotel had such a charming feel about it that it is a challenge to capture it in words. Cute bar, great little courtyard area that was incredibly picturesque and located in a great part of town for walking the shops and cafes. We felt completely safe here and took advantage of our afternoon to check out what we could of the area. Admittedly we were kind of sad to leave and head to the island, we will definitely stay here again. All of this and it was a really good price as well. It was within good proximity to the airport, maybe a 20 minute cab ride. I highly recommend this hotel. Relatively small and intimate, doesn't feel like those large boiler plate chain hotels. Charming.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mjack1997
<Content>Beautiful hotel, terrible houskeeping! We have just returned from a 7 night caribbean cruise and decided to stay in San Juan 1 night post cruise. We chose El Convento based on Tripadvisor's review and the location in Old San Juan. Booked the hotel online for $220/night (twin superior). With taxes and fees, the charge was shy of $300.00. So this is not a cheap hotel. Called the hotel a few times to confirm the details of my reservations and requests I made. We requested for an early check in, a late check out and a roll away bed, as there were 3 of us traveling. We got to the hotel around 10:00 am. The hotel was beatutiful, has the elegant old world charm of Spanish colonial times. And being that it is a small hotel, it has the homey feel of a large mansion. The ladies at the front office/reception were very nice. We were told that our room was not ready as it was still occupied and need to be cleaned and should be ready by noon. At this time, I have mentioned my request for the rollaway bed (1st request). I was told it will be taken care of. So we put our luggages in the holding area and went to the courtyard which was lovely and had drinks and we were admiring the hotel architecture. The bartender and the concierge at the courtyard restaurant were very welcoming. I went back to the reception around 11:00 to check if the room was ready, it was not. So we went out to lunch and came back around 1:30 and we were able to get into a room. The room was beautiful, spacious and had a nice view of the cobble stoned streets below. The bathroom was clean but noticed that there was no extra roll of toilet paper (there were 3 of us in the room). And no rollaway bed. I went outside our room to ask the housekeeper we saw in the hallway for a rollaway bed (2nd time). He said, I must let the reception know, which I have already done so. Meanwhile, my cousin just realized that she left a bag at the port. She called reception ASAP and a lady named Christine helped her right away, called the cruiseline and the 'lost and found' at the port. We thought that was really great. On our way out to pick up my cousin's bag and walk around Old San Juan, we stopped by reception to thank Christine and mentioned the rollaway bed (3rd time). Came back to the hotel around 6:00 and enjoyed their complimentary wine and cheese hour. Went to our room and again, no roll away bed. Rested for awhile and headed back out to look for a place to eat, went back to reception and asked to reccommendation. They were very helpful and pleasant. I mentioned that there was no rollaway bed (4th time). This time, the lady asked me if I want it at that moment. I said not really, since we were on our way out to dinner but would like to have it placed in the room when we get back. Got back around 9:30 10:00 pm , and guess what? No rollaway bed. Now I'm annoyed, called the reception right away (5th time) and even they were surprised that at this point in time, there's still no rollaway bed. Since we we exhausted from the day's activities, I just wanted to lie down. I pulled the bed covers and first thing I noticed was the bed sheets did not look fresh and clean. I grabbed the pillow and I was just shocked, the pillow case had stain on it. In my mind, this could not be for a supposedly small luxury hotel. I called housekeeping, a lady answered and told her about the sheets and pillow case. I even asked her to come see it for herself. Meanwhile the housekeeper came with the rollaway and the first thing he said to us was 'it was not my fault', not very professional, I thought. I then showed him the bed sheets and pillow case and asked him if he thinks they were clean? And of course, after he saw the stain on the pillow, he had no response. A lady supervisor came and explained that it was cleaned last night. Of course, they were cleaned the night before for the previous guests, but they were not replaced for the next guests (us) after the previous guests checked out. She did apologize, but I thought it was a stupid excuse. She left, and a houskeeper came back with 1 sheet set, and asked me if I want the other beds changed too? Of course, we do. Then, another housekeeper came with the extra sheets and another guy who seem be wearing a security uniform which I thought was weird. He did not do anything but stood at one corner, while the housekeepers were changing the beds. I even asked the housekeeper, if that was his bodyguard? He did not respond. We got up the next morning, and one by one we showered. As the 3rd person showered, the bath tub was clogged and now we run out of toilet paper. I don't remember whether I called housekeeping about the clogged tub and the toilet paper or if I mentioned it to the receptionist on our way out to breakfast? But nevertherless, they fixed the tub and gave us 1 extra roll of paper which was placed on the table instead of replacing the empty roll in the bathroom. I know that is a minor detail, but it they claim that they are a small luxury hotel, small detail like that is what makes a luxury hotel stand miles apart from the big chain hotels.The hotel is beautiful and the location is really great. I'm not quite sure if I will stay there again. Not so much for the numerous times we requested for a rollaway bed, but really more importanly, about the stained pillow case and used bed sheets. The rest of the staff were very professional and welcoming. Housekeeping really needs help.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>ISeaGreen
<Content>Beautiful hotel, horrible management My brother and I stayed here for two nights at the start of spring vacation. We flew into San Juan, stayed at the Hotel El Convento, then drove to Rincon and spent a week there. The hotel is beautiful. It is very well maintained, and we were very comfortable. I use a wheelchair, so we stayed in Room 501, which is their accessible room. It worked very well for us-it was kind of crowded with the bed and the rollaway, but it was a beautiful room, there was a lovely view, and the bathroom was indeed accessible. Accessibility was iffy in the rest of the hotel-if you are traveling with someone, as I was, no problem. To get to the restaurant, we had to navigate a steep step. Coming into the hotel, there is a very steep ramp that I was unable to navigate on my own. But the staff seemed very kind and helpful (Jaime was very nice).However, a really serious customer service issue arose. I had decided to rent a beach wheelchair to use during my trip and I found a rental company able to supply such a chair. They asked if the Hotel El Convento would be willing to serve as the drop-off/pick-up point for the chair-the company would drop the chair at the hotel, we would pick it up and take it with us to Rincon, then at the end of our trip we would leave it at the hotel for the rental company to pick-up. I sent email to the hotel, and Carlos J. Gomez replied: There will be no problem in receiving the wheelchair from the rental company. Our guest services staff has been alerted to its delivery on the 4th, and it will be safely stored until you need it. The same would apply on the 12th. After you drop it off, we shall keep it stored safely until it is picked up. When we checked out on Sunday, April 6, my brother asked at the front desk regarding the beach wheelchair. He was told that it had not been delivered. I thought there must have been some misunderstanding, so I went to the front desk to inquire. I was told with certainty that no beach wheelchair had been delivered to the hotel. When I seemed doubtful that she understood and tried to explain further, the woman at the desk stated There is nothing like that here, and I would be the one to know. I was hugely disappointed,but it was Sunday, and I didn't have the contact information of the rental company with me. So I decided to try to have the best time I could under the circumstances.When I returned to work Monday, April 14, I contacted the rental company, expressing my disappointment at the misunderstanding. The person who'd helped me with the rental told me that the beach wheelchair was indeed delivered to the hotel on April 4. She also said that it was a brand-new chair, but when it was picked up on April 12, there was sand on it-so someone had used it. Since I'd paid $395 for the rental, I forwarded her email to the hotel, attached my copy of the invoice, and very politely made it clear that I expected them to reimburse me. I sent that message first thing Tuesday morning. When I still had not received any response by Friday, I sent the same message again, adding that if I didn't hear back I would file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau of Puerto Rico; and whether the matter was resolved to my satisfaction or not, I would be posting my experience on TripAdvisor. Finally, Judith Gantenbein contacted me to apologize for the inconvenience of not having the beach wheel chair available. Her email said, My reason to call you via phone today was simply to tell you that we did receive your previous e-mail and that we are working on the solution to come to an agreement with you. Inquires to find out what had happened took a little longer then I anticipated. And I apologize for this delay as well. I will be contacting you via e-mail soon. Should you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. I was amazed. I really am not the kind of person who always complains about customer service, I have worked in customer service and it's rough. But this was truly amazing to me. I waited two more days, then I sent them a note to say that they really needed to reimburse me immediately. Finally, a week after my initial request, Carlos Gomez responded, agreeing to reimburse me and apologizing for the delay, saying that they were really busy, but he knew it was no excuse. He also said that he would like to take me to lunch the next time I found myself in San Juan! I decided to let it go, because he did finally credit my card, but it really made me angry to be told that the delay was because they were busy doing their jobs-I am a customer, so dealing with my concerns is their job. I still have no idea what happened. I still don't understand why they said they didn't have the wheelchair when they did. Who used it??I made certain choices for my vacation with the idea in mind of having a beach wheelchair. In Rincon, we stayed at an inn on the ocean with a beautiful swimming pool. We could have stayed someplace less expensive, but we wanted to be by the water. The particular beach wheelchair I rented allows for access to the beach AND to swimming pools. So I was expecting to be able to swim every day. Instead, I was able to swim in the ocean only once, the day we visited the Mar sin Barreras facility at Boqueron (they have beach wheelchairs there for disabled visitors). The entire time I was in Puerto Rico, I was able to look at the ocean, but I was not able to go for walks on the beach with my brother, I was not able to swim in the ocean more than once, I was not able to swim in the pool. It was kind of like going to the mountains for a ski trip, and the hotel gives your skis to someone else, and there isn't a single pair available for rental. So you're in ski heaven, but YOU can't ski, you can only bundle up, enjoy the weather and watch everybody else. Thanks, Hotel El Convento. If you had answered my email, explained what happened, and refunded me promptly, I would have given you credit for caring about your customers--mistakes happen. As it is, I think you were trying to take advantage of me. I don't believe you had any intention of answering my email, and if I hadn't persisted, you would never have responded.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	1	1	3	

<Author>kevart
<Content>Fabulous 24 hours! We had a bad experience elsewhere in the City, called El Convento after a sleepless night. Could they book us a room for tonight? Could we check in early? Front deck clerk Christine asnwered yes to both questions and turned our Old San Juan nightmare into a wonderful 24 hours!The room was beautiful- clean, quiet and elegant. The property is wonderful. The resturants are good, the shared spaces - the library, the pool area, the decks are all lovely. The location is close to the fort, musuems and other places we wanted to visit.We found everything we needed, we were treated kindly and we had a wonderful time. We were in Puerto RIco only to go to VIeques and just by chance had to spend two nights in San Juan before heading back up north. We now would return to San Juan just to spend time in El Convento. This place is wonderful and worth the price!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>debbie173nj
<Content>Absolutely charming! My co-worker and I recently spent a week at el Convento and loved every minute. The decor and history of the hotel is wonderful and the minute you enter the hotel it is very peaceful and calming. I loved the turndown service in the evening and returning to my room after dinner to beautiful music. The wine and cheese in the evenings is a nice way to relax after a long day and there are plenty of great restaurants within walking distance. I definitely look forward to returning to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MonicaRiv
<Content>Great Hotel!!       Street in front of hotel!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iwannalilsunshine
<Content>Great location, less than great customer service We spent 2 nights at this hotel over the Easter holiday. Check-in was a lengthy process since the front desk manager gave us a smaller room than the one we booked and attempted to convince us that we were incorrect despite our having paperwork documenting our specific reservation. This problem was resolved after a few hours and we did receive a room consistent with our booking. The room was fairly small however and one of the showers leaked due to poor grading of the tile. We did report this to the front desk. We heard many customer service complaints while we were there. We were given conflicting and inaccurate information about an excursion to El Yunque. On a positive note, Shannon at the front desk was professional and helpful. The hotel itself is quite pretty and in an excellent location. You can easily walk to the forts and around Old San Juan. Breakfast at the hotel was excellent and service was good. The wine and cheese hour was good, with a wide selection of wines and cheeses. The hotel was clean with comfortable common areas and many antiques. Overall, after check in, our experience was very positive mainly due to the hotel's location. El Yunque is worth the trip if you can plan a day to visit. The pool is postage stamp sized but the view from the pool area is amazing.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>theLAgirls
<Content>Expensive but best in Old San Juan The hotel is really beautiful and perfectly situated in Old San Juan. There aren't many hotel options so if you can afford it, we'd definitely recommend El Convento. We stayed in two rooms (see below) and both were unique, comfortable, clean and beautiful. Unfortunately we were in OSJ for such a short time that we didn't enjoy many of the amenities of the hotel - wine hour, pool, restaurants - which we regret especially for the price.Our one issue --Due to flight delays, we missed the entire first night of our two night stay at El Convento. While paying about $350/night, this was a huge bummer. We had called ahead to say we would be very late, but when we checked in the following morning, our requested bed arrangement had been given away and all they had was one queen bed. Since we had paid for the night, we felt cheated. They kept saying that they had to give it away since we weren't there but our opinion was that we paid for it so it should have been there. After our reserved room became available later that day, they moved us. When we complained to a manager upon check out, she did give us 15% of the first night but was fairly rude about it and clearly told us we were at fault for not arriving earlier. We realize we reserved it so we should pay, but the attitude left a bad taste in our mouths. All in all - we weren't overwhelmed with the attentiveness of the staff. Our baggage had been delayed and delivered to the hotel later in the day. When we arrived back at our room, there appeared to be a message on the phone. But the voicemail didn't work so I called to the front desk for my message, which was never delivered to us. Come to find out, the message said our baggage was downstairs, and had been for hours, and we had been making do with the same travelling clothes for two days. Also, it was very crowded/Easter weekend and many people were at the front desk with complaints, of varying sorts, so we weren't the only ones with issues.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AimeeD
<Content>A Gem in the heart of Old San Juan!       Courtyard again  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alamocitygal
<Content>Old World elegance We spent three days at El Convento before debarking on a cruise and those three days were wonderful, ammenities are above most exclusive hotels. Our problem arose on our return from the cruise. We had reservations for one night before flying home. We wanted to relax after the cruise and not rush to the airport. However, that last day almost ruined my entire trip. We were off the ship at 9 a.m. and the dock is only a few blocks from the hotel. Upon arrival they told us we could not have a room until 3:00 p.m. Having not slept well the night before I was exhausted and wanted to just lay down. Waiting 3 hours in a very uncomfortable lobby and another 3 hours up on the 3rd floor in their honor bar area was exhausting. Next time we stay in San Juan I think we will pick one of the bigger hotels where we know we can get into a room upon arrival. This small boutique hotel is just not equipped with enough staff. Having check out at 11 a.m. I can't understand why it would take 6 hours to clean so few rooms unless they don't have enough help. Try the El San Juan Hotel and Casino across from the airport. Wow, they've done an amazing job with this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Dianeyz
<Content>Te Amo, El Convento.       Hallway, 2nd Floor of El Convento  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dcbeach
<Content>Much more to love than the room       interior courtyard  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>congogal
<Content>Definitely would want to return...... El Convento is one of the most amazing places to stay in Old San Juan. It is the ideal base to explore the Old city. It has the most beautiful atmosphere and the grounds were outstanding. It is within walking distance of everything such as restaurants, interesting tourist sites, and the waterfront area. They have gorgeous historic reminders of the convent as it once was, and it really made you wonder what it was like to have been there in the day. The staff was very friendly, the service exceptional, we felt like family in this homey small hotel. Each evening we enjoyed a complimentary wine  cheese reception by the library, with quality wines that were delicious and well chose, as well as internet access so we could do two things at once. The restaurants in the hotel were excellent, we tried two out of the four due to limited time restraints. We definitely recommend El Patio del Nispero and lunch at C茫na, both were unsurpassed. Room service was also quick and efficient. We spent alot of time reading  relaxing on the incredible roofdeck, which boasted amazing views and a small pool for cooling off.Our room had a partial view of San Juan Bay, which made the room so enjoyable, and the luxurious sheets, towels  toiletries lived up to our high standards. The bed was abviously of the highest quality and the flat screen TV was a luxury we don't get to enjoy at all hotels. If only we had planned more for our trip, we would have gladly stayed there longer, but we would definitely stay there again in the future. Thank you.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lolamini
<Content>Great hotel in a lovely area I recently stayed for one night at El Convento in Old San Juan. It is a lovely hotel set in a building with a long and interesting history. The lobby area feels like you stepped into a museum or an important building of some kind and it's decorated in old pieces to bring out the historic nature of the structure. I had read other reviews that the staff was not responsive to guests, but we had the opposite experience. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, so the front desk, which was very helpful, stored our bags, told us how to get an internet connection up in their library (which is a nice area with coffee/drinks etc), and then they came up shortly after to tell us our room was ready. There is a pretty bar/lounge in the courtyard of the hotel with a giant tree going all the way up in the middle of the courtyard.The pool, on the roof top, is quite small, with a hot tub next to it, but there are lounge chairs and it's nice to sit and look out at the old city. Our room had a huge and well-stocked bathroom and was decorated in a unique manner;definitely not the usual chain hotel room. The only negative in the room was that it had a queen size bed (they didn't have many rooms with Kings) which moved when you leaned back against the bedboard to watch TV. The hotel is located in an utterly charming part of San Juan - small hilly cobblestone streets, with pretty buildings, cafes, stores etc., and it's also just a few blocks from the forts and the water. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Allegre
<Content>Wonderful El Convento We just returned from a 4 night stay at Hotel El Convento in Old San Juan. Our stay was wonderful. We contacted the hotel in advance and the hotel manager, Efrain Rosa, was very gracious and kind. He arranged for us to be upgraded to the Pablo Casals Suite because other suites were unavailable during our stay. The suite was lovely: the hotel itself is a pretty, calm oasis in the middle of Old San Juan. It's walking distance to everything there so you don't need a car. For our anniversary, the hotel created a path of rose petals from the door of our suite leading to an enormous heart of petals on our king-sized bed. They also chilled a bottle of very nice champagne for us and gave us a lovely bouquet of flowers. We enjoyed the many restaurants on site and also the Manager's cocktail reception every evening at 6PM. We also liked the complimentary coffee/tea and honor bar that remained open all day. We enjoyed our stay tremendously, the staff was always friendly, helpful and courteous and we would recommend the hotel highly to anyone staying in lovely Old San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kjap
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I loved this hotel. We only stayed one night while on our way to the BVI to sail and have decided to lengthen next years trip so we can stay at this hotel and enjoy all it has to offer. The location lends itself to exploring Old San Juan in comfort and to enjoy the history of the area.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lilmic1976
<Content>NIce stay in Old Town from a frequent traveler We stayed at the El Covento to experience the charm of Old San Juan (this hotel is not the place to stay if you want to relax by the pool or beach). However it is a lovely place to stay if you want to shop, eat and experience some history. A good place for couples. A great place for adults- I would not recommend bringing children. It was quiet and beautiful albeit somewhat expensive (an additional $90 in fees PER night for hotel tariff/taxes in addtition to the nightly hotel rate when booking trhu the hotel website). Walking distance to many great restaurants, and the forts. There is a small but very nice hot tub on the roof with a beautiful view. The pool is TINY. You do have the ability to use one of the beaches in Isla Verde. There is a complimentary wine and cheese reception every evening which was very nice. If checking out at noon- i may recommend checking out a little early because there is somewhat of a crowd. My husband and I stayed here for a few days to experience the city and the restaurants and then moved to a beach resort to enjoy some surf and sun... (which is what i recommend doing if coming to san juan for the first time)Cons of the hotel: 1. Small pool2. I thought our tariff was slightly expensive (a little over 800$ for 2 nights) 3. Frazzled staff when checking out on Monday afternoon- come earlier than noon if you want to beat the line (however, staff was normally polite and helpful during the other parts of the stay)Restaurants in walking distance:-Marmalade- great food, atmosphere ($30 per entree)-DragonFly- small restaurant, but great food, service is only OK/ sometimes rude on the weekends when it is exptremely busy at prime hours- but food makes up for it. may have long wait. (25$ per entree) -Aguaviva- great food, wonderful service  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kad213
<Content>Didn't want to leave... This was my first venture to Puerto Rico and I was doing a solo trip...just really needed a break from everything. I followed the advice of many on TripAdvisor and decided to take a chance with El Convento - I am very glad I did! The hotel staff were VERY nice and knowledgeable of the area and things to do. I have never stayed at a historical European-style hotel before (I am used to the big chains, such as Ritz, Marriott, etc.) but I quickly became very fond of the hotel's historical charm and beauty. The hotel is located in the heart of Old San Juan and is walking distance from hundreds of shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, museums, and other historically significant sites. It was great to leisurely walk the streets of Old San Juan. As a single traveler, I felt very safe in the hotel, as you need a key to access all levels except the main floor. The views from the deck are phenomenal, and the daily wine  cheese reception was very refreshing while providing an opportunity to mingle with other travelers. During my stay, there was a 10k I was considering running, but registration had closed. I mentioned this to the front desk staff while having a general conversation about things to do in the area and for the next two days they did everything possible to try to get me in the race - unfortunately, they were not able to, but it was the simple fact that a brief conversation led them to go through so much effort on my behalf - which revealed to me what a special hotel this was!!!!The next time I go to Puerto Rico, I will be at the Hotel El Convento.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>veggielover08
<Content>Beware room 220 We were travelling to Tortola and got stuck overnight in San Juan. The room we got had no windows and a terrible loud engine noise coming from the other side of the wall. After travelling for over 24 hours we were in a dark noisy room with no air. To be fair at 2am when I went down to see if we could get moved they gave us another room. They gave us another room which was beautiful. Original tiles, great windows. My question - Why didn't they give us that room to start with if it was empty?  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bionic15
<Content>Holy wow!       El Convento, Old San Juan  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tessie
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel in all of San Juan My husband and I live on St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands and go to San Juan at least twice a year. We always, always stay in Old San Juan.El Convento is our absolute FAVORITE place to stay. In fact, I will be booking our next stay in Aug. very soon.El Convento's facility and rooms are beautiful. However, what keeps us coming back (this trip will make number 12, I think) is the people. Front desk personnel, porters, and room attendants are all fantastic.The Manager's Reception in the early evenings is lovely. We've met and chatted with so many terrific people there, it's really a not to miss for us.Do yourself a favor, visit Old San Juan and stay at El Convento.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeverlyGuy
<Content>Charming Hotel, Enhanced by Superior Service by Staff We selected El Convento, with no prior knowledge of Puerto Rico or the hotel, using Trip Advisor...and we were very well advised indeed. The hotel is not a beach resort. It is wonderfully located in the most historic part of Old San Juan. The location across from the cathedral and very near to the primary shopping areas allows for walking nearly everywhere in the old city--the museums, restaurants, historic buildings and waterfront. There is a free shuttle bus loop should you tire of walking, or want to begin your day at the far end of town.The hotel is an historic building begun in the 17th century, and was one of the early historic preservation efforts in the old town when it was converted from commercial use to hotel in the 1960s by a member of the Woolworth family. Today it has just over 50 rooms, plus a lovely terrace and plunge pool on the roof with harbor and town views, a nice gathering area where wine and cheese are generously served each evening, restaurants and meeting facilities. Our room was not large, but we had access to so many other facilities--including nice tables in the open air hallways of the hotel--that it did not much matter. The bathroom was also quite small, as is often the case with historic hotels. If you are looking for space, this is not the place for you. The furniture was dated, but the room was clean and had doors that opened to a harbor view. There was an up-to-date flat screen TV and complimentary hard-wire internet access (as well as a computer in the library for those not traveling with their own). Linens were clean, and towels were promptly replaced during turn down service. Air conditioning was just adequate, and would definitely be a concern in warmer months. The hotel building and furnishings are comfortable, not lavish, but the staff is exceptional. The evening wine reception was truly a chance to meet and interact with staff and other guests, not the usual one glass of cheap wine and run. We enjoyed our fellow travelers and talking with staff, and we got lots of pointers on restaurants and things to do. Judith, the front desk manager who is originally from Sweden but has 17 years in Puerto Rico, was particularly welcoming as well as wonderfully efficient. She and the entire staff team never failed to be welcoming, courteous and helpful. That put the real luxury into the stay.There is access to a beach club at Isla Verde, which is actually the Marriott Courtyard Hotel, adjacent to the airport. This requires a $20+tip taxi ride each way, but once there we were treated very well and the beach was superb. You can sign for food expenses at the Marriott that are billed back to your El Convento account, so you need not carry much money or credit cards for your time on the beach.We dined twice at the in-house Tapas restaurant, a nice follow-up to the healthy serving of cheeses at the wine reception. Breakfast in the courtyard was very good with good service, but the morning kitchen is very slow. Our 5 night stay was at rack rate in high season, so it was not inexpensive. The hotel is used by cruise lines for pre-departure stays, and some travelers reported much-discounted room rates...but only for one night. We felt that we received good value due to location, historic ambience and the very special treatment given by all of the staff. If you want a beach resort, or the most up to date interior design, El Convento is not for you. If you want to be in Old San Juan with easy access to cultural sites and wonderful dining, and with an atmosphere that reflects a very historic place very well, then select El Convento. We are very glad that we did.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>genwebb
<Content>Charming and Beautiful, only a few issues We went to San Juan for a wedding last May and stayed at El Convento, which was also the location of the wedding. My initial impression, admittedly, was not that great. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived an hour early - no big deal. After all, we were early. But they were aware that we were there and when we came back at check-in the rooms were still not ready. It took about an hour of waiting in the lobby for them to prepare our rooms for us. This was NOT just me and my fiance; it was multiple other groups (probably 5 or 6 groups total). It was incredibly hot that day, and while we sat there sweating bullets we were not even offered a glass of water or anything else for our inconvenience.The only reason that I did not formally complain about this was because the experience was all uphill from there. We were shown to our room which we found to be kind of oldish, but very charming with a giant fluffy bed and reasonable accomodations. Also, every room has a very nice flat screen tv, which I thought was very cool. The AC in our room wasn't that great and the housekeeping staff kept turning it off which was annoying because it took SO long to cool the room down.The actual hotel though, and the giant courtyard and the fantastic views from the roof really did make a pleasant experience all around for us. The pool was stunningly small... it is just a miniature thing to put your legs in, and I thought the water smelled funny. The hot tub on the roof was great, I thought it seemed pretty clean, and the view from it overlooking the water is awesome!The groundskeeping is great, the place is well kept and again the courtyard is stunning. The food is pretty decent but a tad overpriced for what you get. I am pretty picky - I thought all of the food in San Juan was overpriced for the quality.You can sort of hear everything through the doors because of the way the hotel is set up - they have 2 doors to your room to combat this, so no big deal. Mosquitos are after me no matter where I go, this was no different, so bring your mosquito spray when you go to San Juan.All in all we really had a great time here and the wedding we attended was WONDERFUL. My friend said their wedding staff was very accomodating as well. I would stay here again in the future and I would recommend this hotel to others!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>Longhorn_Lefty
<Content>Romantic Getaway This was the first hotel we stayed at during our honeymoon! What a great central location in Old San Juan - close to several restaurants and stores. Very close to the outlets (Coach, Polo, etc). Make sure to dine at the Parrot Club restaurant. The rooms are somewhat small compared to what we are used to in the States, however quite romanatic. There's alot of history and architecture to enjoy. The ambience is also nice. We did get lost on our way to the hotel from the airport, however we soon realized most of Puerto Rico does not have good signage or any signs at all.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Guidor
<Content>Beautiful place to stay After 7 days at the Caribe Hilton, where every little item is charged for as an addition to the room rate, it was such a refreshing change to stay here for three days.The old convent was tastefully restored 10 years ago and although in need of some minor renovation this did not diminish our enjoyment. Close to the shops and restaurants - it was simple and safe to walk around the Old Town. (NB away from the no-go areas of La Perla  its nearby graveyard).Impeccably and frequently cleaned, the service from all staff was beyond expectation, (UK-USA electrical transformer loaned at no cost), the daily wine  cheese reception (comlimentary) was superb and the restaurants dished up very tasty food. If dusk is between 6  7 pm, the bat aerobatic display is an interesting entertainment during the wine  cheese reception.There is a 350 year old tree in the courtyard - a roost for these bats  birds.A most enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barbara_2000
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Location with some minor problems. Hotel El Convento is located on the corner of the very narrow, busy, noisy streets of San Juan. We arrived early from our cruise ship and were greeted by Fernando, who made us feel welcomed immediately. He took care of our luggage and stored it until we came back later when our room was ready. The desk clerks were very helpful and suggested we walk around and have some lunch and check back about 1 p.m. to see if our room was ready. We walked down the hill from the hotel and found plenty of shopping. A Coach store, Dooney and Bourke store, Polo store, and a Guess store were just a few of the shopping options within three blocks of the hotel. Just past the Dooney and Bourke store is a great place to have an afternoon frozen drink and a taco. It is called Maria's and they serve the best drinks in San Juan. Up the street from the hotel (towards El Morro) is a great place to grab a hamburger called El Patio De Sam. Fort El Morro is within walking distance and we took the free shuttle service to other Fort.Upon returning to the hotel at 1 p.m. our room was still not ready so we waited in the beautiful courtyard of the hotel. They have bar service there so you can get a refreshing drink while you wait.Our room was ready at 3 p.m. and we were given Room 103 which was a little hard to find since there are only three rooms on the first floor and it has an entrance around the corner from the elevator. The room was large with two queen beds, a full bath and separate room with a shower. The mattress left a lot to be desired. Upon sitting down, every spring in the mattress could be felt. Needless to say I spent two sleepless nights in San Juan. Another problem was the toilet. Usually a toilet seat covers the toilet bowl. This toilet seat was about an inch smaller than the bowl and moved all over the place.On our second day in San Juan we came back from a tour to find the room next door had put their lunch trays in the hall on a table. When we departed 24 hours later, they were still there. The food was starting to smell. When we checked out, I mentioned all of the above to the lady at the front desk and she apologized and said she would have someone check on it.All in all the hotel is very nice and located in a great area for sightseeing and shopping. I am not sure I would stay there again due to the three problems I listed above.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>savesthadayagain
<Content>Very nice hotel but expected more       Room view  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>deafbat
<Content>Terrible service - don't stay here! My friend and I decided to stay at this hotel after reading a review of it in the New York Times. Unfortunately, our stay there turned out to be a horrible experience.On our first day at the hotel, we asked the front desk to book us a tour for the following evening. We were assured that it would be taken care of. The next morning, we dropped by the front desk to check on the status of the tour, and were told that while it had not yet been booked, it would be done and we were to report to the lobby that evening for the tour. We came by in the evening as told, and found out that the tour had never been booked!We were angry and disappointed at having our plans fall through, but decided to give it another try. We asked the front desk to book us a tour for the next day. This time, the tour was indeed booked, but the front desk quoted us the wrong price - repeatedly. We were told that the cost was $110 for the two of us - we even checked twice to make sure that this was correct - but in the end, the tour guide told us that the cost of the tour was $110 per person. We felt disgusted and let down by the incompetence of the hotel's front desk.In addition, when we went down to the front desk to make known our bad experiences, we encountered another couple whom the hotel had lost the luggage of, forgetting which room it had been brought to. They had to do a room-by-room search to locate the luggage. Yet another two people we encountered had been allocated a room that, it seemed, had already been allocated to someone else. Such incompetence is terribly unseemly of a hotel that has had so many positive reviews in various places.The final insult was when we asked to see a manager to make our concerns known, the manager in question treated us with the utmost disrespect, brushing off our comments and not taking us seriously. Her only response to us was, so do you want me to book you into another hotel?In conclusion, our experience at the Hotel El Convento was a complete nightmare, and I am writing this review to warn fellow travelers about the terrible service there in the hopes that they will not have the same awful experience that my friend and I did.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>SAMAID
<Content>Still Beautiful, traditional and Unique But in Need of Repairs Just finished a late Dec. stay at the El Convento and it is still beautiful (stayed there before). Interior Courtyard is truly gorgeous and such a restful place to sit and have coffee. However, the rooms and hotel common areas are certainly in need of repair. The hotel hot tub has a thick layer of mold around the top and is completly cracked and broken. The wall above the pool is also cracked and in need of paint. While our room had a lovely balcony and was the standard unique el convento style -- our sheets had holes in them and the tub was stain and cracked and in need of repair.In addition, the staff is very friendly but quite inadept with directions and recommendations. Three times we got wrong directions/addresses (for locations as close as three blocks away), reservations were made but we were never informed (they forgot) and information on major attractions such as the Bio Bay and the Bacardi Distillery were faulty if they had any information at all.That said, the location is the best in town, much rather stay in Old San Juan for the food and entertainment and walking proximity to the fort and piers etc. There is a great flamenco restaurant across the little square outside the hotel and La Bombombera can't be beat for any meal especially breakfast.We paid less than $200 to stay and that made it worth is but as the price of El Convento creeps up they must really make more of an effort to ensure the little things are kept up as well (holes in sheets are just unacceptable)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>GoneTravelin
<Content>Elegant Hotel with Very Small Dark Rooms We stayed at El Convento for two nights. The public areas of the hotel are elegant, and the staff friendly and helpful - although not well-trained or efficient. When we inquired about the message light on our phone going on the second morning that we were there, and us not being able to access the message (we were expecting a call from our son who was arriving later that day at the hotel), the day staff at the hotel was not at all quick to try solving the problem and took several hours trying to figure out the code to access the message (it should have been the arrival date, but wasn't) and finally determined that the message was an old message. They couldn't even figure out how to turn off the message light, so it kept on blinking. Finally, in the evening, the desk clerk knew exactly what to do, and fixed the problem in a few seconds.The first room that we were taken to was fairly large, but the air conditioner was obviously being worked on (part of the ceiling insulation was on the floor), and the bellhop immediately called the desk to assign us another room. That room was very small and dark - and not exceptionally clean. The time was getting close to midnight, and after a delayed flight and a time change of four hours, we just wanted to get to sleep.The wine and cheese hour was very nice with a nice selection of wines and cheeses.We love Old San Juan, and El Convento is in a very convenient location. We were able to walk to San Cristobal Fort and took the free trolley to El Morro Fort. The hotel is close to the only remaining city gate. It is also close to lots of shopping.Go to La Bombonera for breakfast (259 Calle San Francisco), and be sure to order a Mallorca. It's about a five minute walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	5	

<Author>Jennifer50
<Content>My Happy Place I just returned with a friend from El Convento after a hard year of work. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and what I liked it is is not the same chain type hotel. I would call the rooms cozy as opposed to small and each one unique. I know because when we arrived late at night, we discovered that our first room had one bed as opposed to two beds. A call to the front desk and we were immediately moved to a new room. I loved the proximity to deep discount shopping at Dooney and Bourke, Coach, many, many other shops and wonderful restaurants - all within a few blocks. We were treated to mass in Spanish early Sunday morning were we could listen from the third floor veranda, and two weddings that we could watch overlooking the atrium (which all runs face) This is a place that I will return to again most definately. It was truly a magical experience.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petkaufamily
<Content>gem in the wall WE loved the location of El Convento. Great staff, small but nice rooms. wine and cheese a hit, great food in the hotel, friendly and helpful staff. Hotel is within walking distance to Puma, Guess, Tommy's etc. nice walk around the old fort and to the pier. loved the spanish architect in the hotel. would come again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>filbysam
<Content>Luxury Old World Charm November 2007Hotel El Convento, Old San Juan, Puerto RicoFabulous small luxury hotel. This former 17th century convent has certainly done an extroadinary job of keeping all of the old charm with luxury you would expect in the finest hotels. The staff was very courteous, excellent food in the 3 restaurants, beautifully decorated rooms,pool, fitness center and hot tub. We stayed for 6 nights and everything we asked for was done immediately. We used WHATAHOTEL for our reservation. We got a great room rate of $205 a night. The staff cannot do enough for you. Robes were in our room for use at the pool and hot tub.The hotel is right in the heart of Old San Juan. Perfect for walking, sightseeing, and discount shopping on the same street. Turn down service at night with a lovely note, chocolates and our Bose radio turned on to soothing classical music when we walked into our room. If the beach is what you are interested in the hotel does have complimentary passes for a beach about 10 minutes away with the use of a pool also. We will definitely return to the Hotel El Convento and look forward to using WHATAHOTEL again to insure a great price. The hotel also has complimentary wine and cheese every night at 6 pm. A large selection of wines and they will even make a special drink for you to try for free. Complimentary coffee and tea all day and night. Free internet in each room which is very important for us when we travel to keep in touch with business e-mails. Excellent way to meet and talk to other guests.The only way to get onto the guest floors is witha hotel key.Fillis  Byron SamuelMount laure, New Jersey  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DreamEagle
<Content>Enchanting El Convento This was a marvelous way to celebrate my husbands 59th birthday. The month of October is perfect without the holiday crowds. It was our first time in Puerto Rico. We spent a total of 4 nights at the El Convento which is perfectly located in Old San Juan. The staff was very courteous and helpful. We enjoyed the rooftop pool and hot tub. The complimentary wine and cheese each evening was wonderful. The food in the restaurant was excellent and we had the added joy of watching 3 weddings while we were there!! There is parking nearby if you have a rental car and the valet is always available. The location gave us an opportunity to explore Old San Juan (mostly walking) and to spend a day in the El Yungue Rain Forest. I felt so much a part of the culture and people by staying right in the hub of all of the action. Our room was very quiet, despite the city activities surrounding us. It was a wonderful vacation and El Convento with it's charm and history made our trip one we will never forget. Thank you to all of the staff.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dminner1
<Content>Great old world style hotel... I really like this place. All the reviews are on the money and you can walk to some great shopping and historic sites. .dont miss the Tapas restuarant while you are here. Get the nicest room available, you wont be dissappointed.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninora
<Content>Elegant hotel, fabulous experience! This hotel made my trip to Puerto Rico wonderful. It is upscale and elegant. I awoke on Christmas morning to the sound of hymns, and opened my balcony doors to listen as the songs drifted up from the stately white church across the road. The staff was professional and courteous, the dining experience in the open air courtyard unique and tasty, and the honor system drink bar near the pool was a class act. They had internet access and a pretty outdoor lounge area overlooking the city. I highly recommend this hotel, and will be spending every Christmas there myself!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chocolatelady
<Content>Wonderful ambience, loved it!       El Convento - hallway in front of our room  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emilyq
<Content>our room has no window the subject says it all. How a hotel can get away with putting guests in a room with no window is beyond me. They say they are at capacity...apparently this is what happens when they are. Beware.In addition, the rooms are shabby (it feels like a convent, not a renovated convent), the bedding and towels do not live up to the price point, and there is a desk but no chair. But the lack of a window is the real kicker.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>WrestlingEuphony
<Content>Non-Weekends are 100% better We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights prior to our cruise (Sunday departure).The hotel was everything we expected it to be: unique, charming, old world, etc. with all the amenities you would expect: robes, turn-down service, fabulous concierge, etc.We asked for (and got) a room on a high floor (5th i think?) with a view of the bay. It is WELL worth the extra money. Looking out over the rooftops and the water is amazing. And because the climate is so prone to short rainstorms, it's quite a site to watch the clouds roll in and the lightning start!Breakfast in the garden patio every morning was beautiful, with perfect service and delcious food (it's costly, but there's no where else to get breakfast in San Juan practically).The tapas hour every night on the promenade was our highlight. Delicious cheeses and wines and a nice seat outdoors - it was heaven.We used the concierge to book a trip to El Yunque for us and to call taxis a few times - it was a great service. Everything about this hotel was romantic and classy and wonderful....except - when the other cruisers checked in.On Friday (and worse on Saturday) - a total barrage of Cruisers took over the hotel. The fact that it was crowded was unpleasant, but more than that (and i'm about to sound snobby) was that so many of the cruisers seemed out of place at El Convento - they were loud, they were dressed inappropriately, they had throngs of screaming children, etc.When you're shelling out this much money to stay at a luxury hotel, you don't expect it to turn into a holiday inn overnight.For example: El convento has an honor bar - where they leave out bottles of booze, mixers, soda, snacks, etc with a little sign that says this is an honor bar, if you make something for yourself, please fill out a receipt and leave it in this box - your room will be charged - on Wednesday and Thursday night the honor bar was honored - on Friday and Saturday my husband and I watched as handfulls of new guests (cruisers) stole from the bar - many of them laughing about it while they were doing it. some of them going so far as to grab armfulls of bottled soda and water and carry it back to their room!That was the only downside of El Convento, some of the losers it brought in they day before the cruise.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>yandm
<Content>Loved it!       Courtyard  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vanessa_Tamir
<Content>A great start to our honeymoon! The hotel was lovely! Firstly, because it was our honeymoon they upgraded us to a suite which was great! The place was very romantic, and between 18:00 and 19:00 they have complimentary cheese and wine and grapes on the roof patio with a great view of the habour. I thought the place was posh, romantic and in an ideal location. We spent 5 days wandering round the old city which was magnificent. There is no way of getting lost there.The hotel has free internet which was very handy. And free bottled water, coffee and tea. I would definately stay there again and recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Joyce C
<Content>Charming hotel in Old San Juan My sister and I just returned from a 3 night stay in San Juan (our first). El Convento in not only a AAA 4 diamond hotel, but it is right in the middle of Old San Juan and walking distance to shops, restaurants, and attractions. The staff couldn't have been nicer and more helpful from the porters to the front desk everyone had a smile and helping hand. I will definitely be returning to Old San Juan and to El Convento (and will let my husband come next time).  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sunshine4650
<Content>Can't wait to go back - what a charming boutique hotel!       Interior view.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kimcorbettrn
<Content>Beautiful, unique "hotel" and very romantic What a great find!! This hotel is not your typical hotel. We had a wonderful stay, from the time my husband and I arrived via taxi from the airport the bellman, Luis was there to assist us, with our luggage and a smile. After check in, Luis, showed us to our room and showed us where everything was, including the ice machines, pool and hot tub, wine reception venue each evening and told us about each of the resturants within the hotel. The room was very comfortable, cozy and clean, and decorated beautifully. Each room has flat screen TV and Bose radios. The hotel has a nice wine and cheese reception each evening on the patio which is very nice to sit out on and relax , and the view is exceptional, it overlooks the San Juan Bay. The pool is small but very nice and serves its purpose and you could not ask for a better panoramic view of San Juan.There are plenty of lounge chairs and sitting room in the pool/hot tub area. I can not say enough good things about El Convento, its not your typical hotel but is a very nice and unique place to stay. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights for our honeymoon and they had a beautiful flower arrangement, champagne, and chocolates waiting in our room when we arrived from dinner our first night. The hotel is in a great location, close to pier, in Old San Juan and shopping, great resturants, the forts all within walking distance, the hotel will even assist you in arranging tours to El Yunque Rain forest, the Phosphorescent bays, etc. Venus and Carlos, in reservations, were very helpful in assisting me with my reservations. You will not be disappointed. We will definitally come back here to stay again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>favre96
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location My wfie and I stayed here over Labor Day weekend and can't say enough good things about this hotel.1. If you have the opportunity, book a Deluxe room. These rooms are located on floors 4  5. Our room overlooked the bay which was cool to see the storms/cargo ships pass through. The room itself was elegantly decorated. The huge flat screen TV and Bose sound system were major pluses. 2. Another tip is to book via the hotels website. I did a ton of research and you can't beat the price from [--].3. The hotel has three restaurants. Each restaurant has a good selection of authentic dishes. We recommend eating at all three.4. Located in old San Juan. Within a few blocks from the water. There are wonderful restaurants and tons of places to shop (Coach, Puma, etc) all around the hotel.5. The staff is attentive and courteous. The shower head was spraying water every where and within 10 minutes someone was up fixing the problem.6. The hotel recommended the Eden Spa. My wife had a miserable experience. She said that it would have been worth the cab fare to go the spa at the Ritz or another well known resort.7. The only thing I would hope the hotel would add at some point is room service for lunch and dinner.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>CultureSleuth
<Content>Quaint and classy - we loved El Convento! El Convento is a boutique European style hotel, with character and comfort. It is not lavish, but the grounds (an old convent) are lovely and the rooms small, yet comfortable. The staff was exceptionally helpful in suggesting local restaurants and attractions. They have an evening wine tasting that is really more like an open bar - all while overlooking part of the city and a glimpse of the ocean. Our only complaint was that the hot tub didn't work. The location is ideal.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>MexicoBob25
<Content>Unique hotel with great service We stayed at El Convento prior to leaving on a cruise. The service was outstanding from the time our taxi pulled up to the door to the time we left. Very unique hotel that just oozes charm and character. Not your typical hotel by any means. The location in the middle of Old San Juan was very convenient to explore the old town and also close to the dock.We enjoyed the Tapas restaurant, El Picoteo. Best ceviche I have ever had. The bars served excellent mojitos. Nice to have good restaurants and bars within the hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel, but to someone not looking for your typical hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>enzeno
<Content>Great Hotel - going back again in September! Just another short postive review.We loved the room, was great to have up to date technology in the room (LCD TVs, etc) while keeping the feel of old San Juan. So nice to be right in old San Juan for the restaurants and the night life.Loved the afternoon wine/refreshments/cheese. Hotel is maintained very well.I could not find anything to complain about. Liked it so much we are going back in Sept, trying to stay in the same room!As a side note, there was a wedding in the court yard of the hotel when we stayed last October, and it was very elegant.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IRAGLYPHIC
<Content>Great hotel, super staff July 2007. Stayed pre and post cruise. Charming hotel, delightful staff, nice location in old San Juan. Extremly helpful front desk. Rooms above average and each slightly different. Excellent Tapas restaurant on location.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>crackofdawn
<Content>Another "5" No Surprise We've frequently visited Old San Juan, but last week's trip was our first opportunity to stay at El Convento. I'd certainly agree with the other top reviews. We stayed 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed the all smiles on deck attitude of every staff member you meet in the hotel. I know they must have some bad days, but you'd never know. TIP: don't bother trying to drive into/park in Old San Juan-- even the taxis have problems negotiating the streets. A cab for 2 people with 4 suitcases from the airport, with tip is about $26-27.Over the months prior from booking to actual staying, I watched the hotel's website for changes to their rates and was pleased to find rates in the $160 range shortly before we left. Do watch their website for similar changes and packages.I also enjoyed the LG lcd 37 television in the room and the BOSE Wave radio. Bring your MP3 player and connecting cable!Couple of good restaurants within walking distance that we've enjoyed in the past and this last trip: Amadeus Cafe and La Mallorquina. We tried a couple of newer ones (for us). We tried Raices on Recinto Sur (behind the Sheraton) -- very noisy and not impressed with the food. And the other, for lunch, I don't have the name but it is two doors west of Amadeus -- very attractive decor with good rates and I noticed several menu items geared for kids, as well.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddmg730
<Content>disappointed with El Convento My family and I (2 children) stayed at the El Convento post cruise. We arrived at the hotel at about noon. We were dropped off at valet parking, and had to carry our bags across the street and into the hotel. Check in was at 4:00 and they held our bags for us until our room was ready. It wasn't ready until 4:20 . It seemed like forever with 2 kids after an exhausting trip. Our room was wonderful, however they lost 2 of our bags. One was found and brought up to our room, but the other remains a mystery. It contained our prescription medications, 3 pairs of shoes, and several articles of clothing. We frequently checked back with the front desk who assured us they would find it, but everytime we checked back they didn't know anything about it and would try and give us some one else's bag that was in their store room.We had an early flight the next morning and still no sign of our luggage bag. We completed the guest questionaire which supposedly goes directly to the manager, but still have not heard anything from the hotel in a month. Very dissapointing. Also, the hotel charged our credit card an additional $12.00 10 days after we checked out with no explanation. My husband called once more and was told it was a municipality tax, but we were never told about it at check in or check out. We booked the room via hotwire and were asssured that all taxes were allready paid.They seem to have poor follow through to resolve any conflicts.Certainly not what we would expect from a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>bsealex
<Content>Charming Hotel - Highly Recommend       El Convento  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>andyctree
<Content>Perfect This is everything you want in a hotel. The room was amazing, the bed was comfortable, and the experience was top-notch. The cocktail hour with free wine and cheese is the cherry on the top of the sundae. The price was high, but for what you got it was on-point. Located in the heart of old San Juan it was a perfect place to walk from and explore the city. I would recommend this to everyone I know.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaBoricuaCubana
<Content>Great Stay We stayed at El Convento on our last night before we left Puerto Rico. We also received a much lower rate by just calling the hotel directly. The staff was great and although our room wasn't ready when we arrived at 3, we didn't mind and walked around Old San Juan to do some shopping. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful and although it was only one night, we had a great experience. We would def. stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>selecthotels
<Content>An Absolute Treasure!! This hotel gets 5 stars from me. You can read all the other reviews to get a fuller picture and also look at their website but I would like to extole their virtues in a somewhat different manner.Service, service, service and always with a smile. From arrival to departure we had 5 days and nights of sheer enjoyment.Front desk, always manned, alert and attentive. Directions and recommendations for restaurants, churches, museum's, etc professionally given. Valets and Porters(who all speak English) quick and attentive and on more than one occasion in the elevators they mentioned that we shouldn't miss the free cheese and wine being held each evening from 6-7pm, which was superb by the way.Rooms, spotlessly clean, authentically Spanish in design(as is the whole Hotel). Maid service, prompt, smiling, efficient and turndown service was also included and found this to be more superior than many other top-rated hotels we have stayed at.Room service was answered quickly and delivered quickly and again, always with a smile. What the hotel website doesn't make abundantly clear is that outside each one of the rooms, you have your own table and chairs, where you can drink, eat and smoke(if you wish)whilst enjoying the fabulous views of their 300 year old nispero fruit tree from Spain and all the other plants, whilst refreshing breezes and great music wafts the senses.On the third floor one finds complimentary tea, coffee, iced water and assorted nuts(24 hours) plus an extensive honour bar and a Library that houses free internet services.As mentioned before, you can read all of this in other reviews..what I want to bring to the traveller who has not visited San Juan or indeed the El Convento is a Hotel that clearly strives to stand out from all the rest and actually achieves this difficult task by offering the kind of atmosphere and service, be it in any of their many outstanding Restaurants or from difficult to simple requests, that sometimes get that scorned Caribbean frowned upon look elsewhere in this part of the world. We have all been there, havent we?I have actually seen Management walk around and talk to the guests, asking how their stay is or was and can they do anything more for them? So if one is able to find a hotel that is fanatical about making sure their guests come first, no matter what and always trying to improve(as nothing runs like clockwork), plus have possibly the best position in all of downtown San Juan, followed by stunning hotel scenery and authentic culture, well one just hopes that one can return in the near future. I know I will.Finally, if you are the sort of person who relishes glitz, gambling, noise and hob-nobbing with people, especially around the usual brash pool, go elsewhere. If you require authentic refined elegance and beauty from another era, backed up with truly outstanding service, you have possibly found a hidden secret and from my point of view one of the most exclusive hotels in the Caribbean.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marisol-7
<Content>The Best Visit Ever We just had our best trip ever to the Hotel El Convento in Old San Juan. This was our fifth stay at this hotel and we are very happy we chose to return. It is a small boutique hotel. The entire staff went out of their way to make us feel like family. Our room was very comfortable with a great view of San Juan Harbor. It included a flat screen TV, Bose radio, and there is nightly turndown service.The architecture of the hotel is very beautiful and soothing after a day of sightseeing. The walls of this former convent must be very thick because we never heard a sound at night, and I am a light sleeper. Even though it is a small hotel there are some nice amenities. It has three restaurants. The tapas one Il Picoteo has excellent tapas. The rooftop pool is a relaxing place to cool down in the late afternoon.There is a complimentary wine reception in the evening fron 6:00-7:00. It offers a very nice selection of wines in addition to fruit and cheese. It is a great way to meet other guests and hear about their experiences.Feliciano the doorman has been there since we started staying there. He is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. He can also answer any of your questions about Old San Juan.We are already looking forward to planning our next trip to the Hotel El Convento.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>purrfctprncss
<Content>Great Place to Stay!!! This was a great hotel, great location, great restaurant and happy hour. We stayed there for 2 days and enjoyed every minute of it. I would definitely recommend El Convento 100%.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweetsie
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Convenient Location The El Convento is a beautiful old hotel. The rooms are rustic (it's an old building!), but very charming. The courtyard is gorgeous with beautiful palms, plants and flowers. There are all kinds of nooks andniches to check out in the hotel--patios, restaurants, bars, a library! The staff was very friendly and helpful and our room was kept very clean for the entire stay.The location is great for exploring Old San Juan on foot. There are many bars, restaurants and shops in the area. If you don't absolutelyneed a car, don't get one! Driving in Old San Juan is a nightmare. The streets are just too narrow, and parking is practically impossible. However the hotel does have a valet parking service available. We'll definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>hardychica
<Content>Old World style, boutique hotel details We stayed at the El Convento for 2 nights and really admired the charm and architecture of the building. The hotel is in an old convent and retains much of its Spanish style architecture. Our room was clean with details that made you feel like you weren't in your typical, everyday room. From the art on the wall (black and white photographs), to the alarm clock/CD player (Bose), and the brand new flat screen TVs the hotel went that extra step to justify the expensive price. The hotel also hosted a daily wine  cheese bar from 6-7 for all hotel guests free of charge. There was also a full bar based on the honor system for those who wanted more than just wine to drink. It was so nice to finish a day of traveling around Old San Juan with a glass of wine, watching the sun set on the terrace. Speaking of the terrace, the pool is very tiny and is more like a dipping pool. We didn't mind because when we're in cities, we get out and explore. That said, it was still very nice to cool off after a hot day exploring the city. Other than that, the staff was extremely courteous and helpful. Our rooms were always cleaned and the location was fantastic. We were able to walk everywhere we needed to go. The only reason I didn't get ive it 5 stars is because it is expensive. I don't stay in a lot of hotels in this price range so I can't compare it with other hotels at this price, but I think that accomodations in Puerto Rico tend to be pretty expensive in general. I did move on to the Westin Rio Mar after staying here and while the grounds of that hotel were nice, I still think it was lacking some of the charming extras that I received at El Convento.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>5956
<Content>Wow!!! I have to tell you I was not sure we made the right choice from some of the opinions I read,but this hotel is incredibly beautiful, in every corner is some ornate carving and the vegitation around is not to be believed! The fortress down the street is amazing! If you want an experience and excellant service in a plush setting, this is the place for you, if your looking for a generic American style hotel you won't be happy. The small pool is amazing and the wine and cheese is wonderful, they also have coffee and an honor bar that is available all the time on the 3rd floor. The room itself is cozy and immaculate. We got a bay view for $245.00 a night simply by calling the hotel directly. There is a flat screen tv and bose stereo in the room and outside you can have your morning coffee listening to the birds and looking at the amazing tree in the courtyard.Try the tapas and champagne sangria at night. The music is great! We stayed at 3 hotels in Puerto Rico and this was by far the best.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mt_tam_fisherman
<Content>Queen of the El Convento       El Convento  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pfg07
<Content>Totally torn I, like others on this website, am torn about my time spent at El Convento.The hotel itself is majestic. Located in the heart of Old San Juan, my wife and I were able to walk to all of our desired sights. We enjoyed the complementary wine and cheese reception every evening and also enjoyed the plunge pool on the roof of the hotel. The rooms were like history themselves with modern updates - vaulted ceilings, Spanish marble floors juxtaposed with a Bose CD player and flat screen TV.That being said, my wife and I paid over $400 (US) to stay at the hotel. When we first arrived, our bathroom did not appear to be cleaned (urine stains on the toilet seat) and it took three phone calls to get someone to clean it. Additionally, we rented a car while in San Juan - somehow a light was left on in the car (we think by the valet as he was in the car last although we are not sure) and were not apologized to for this inconvenience nor were we helped by the hotel staff.Overall, our stay was nice (this is a very nice hotel, please do not get me wrong) although for the money we spent we expected so much more.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Stineman
<Content>A feast fo the senses. On a recent trip to Puerto Rico my wife and I had the opportunity to leave the kids with family and get away for a little time by ourselves. After receiving recommendations from family and friends we decided to stay at the El Convento Hotel.We were not disappointed!The beauty and grandeur of the hotel with it's high ceilings, arched doorways and marble floors impacted us as soon as we walked through the front doors. The walkways between the rooms and the courtyard were wide and airy. The courtyard with the nispero tree and tropical plants is tranquil and welcoming. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed -- they even have electricity and running water (a thing unheard of in buildings built over 300 years ago:-) . The restaurants are great; we particularly enjoyed a relaxing late night visit with friends at El Picoteo over Cafe-con-leche, Tres Leches cake and Creme Brulee. However, if you prefer to find a place off property ther are many options to choose from and all within walking distance from the hotel.We found the staff to be attentive, helpful and friendly, a combination not often found in hotels of the caliber of El Convento.Located in historic Old San Juan, sharing the old city's charm and allure while adding to it a blend of old and new to create an atmosphere that is both unique and captivating, my wife put it best when she described El Convento Hotel as a feast for the senses.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExpatTravelholic
<Content>If only it offered more than quaint charm......       Taken with the camera as far into the corner as possible.....our  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>sfmartinez
<Content>We could not have been happier with our stay here! I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. I went with my husband and our very active toddler in December, and we had a wonderful stay here. The hotel is incredibly charming and elegant, and located in the heart of Old San Juan. We had rented a car, but ended up leaving it in their parking lot for our entire stay because we could walk everywhere. It is also across the street from the Children's museum, which was a nice place to go to give our little one a break. Our room was large, super clean, with very high ceilings. And the staff was terrific. The one criticism I had was that the on-site restaurants were very expensive, but I guess you'd expect that at such a nice hotel. There are a lot of cheaper places to eat nearby. One tip- call the hotel directly for their rates. We had searched online for deals for this hotel and were convinced it was out of our price range, but my husband called the hotel directly, said we would be in town to visit family, and was quoted a rate more than $100 less per day than the cheapest price we had seen on the internet. We will go back to this place every time we visit Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dweymouth
<Content>Great location, but鈥?#x201d;       Pool Area  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Dr_owheatl
<Content>Outstanding service in the most beautiful of cities I would like to preface this comment by stating that I travel extensively for business and for leisure. When I book my travel, I always aim for safety, cleanliness, and accessibility. If I am lucky, good service will come along with the other criteria. At El Convento, I found everything except good service. Instead, I found OUTSTANDING SERVICE.There are very few places for which I will actually take the time to sit down and write a review, in fact, this is the second attempt since the first review did not upload. But because I feel so strongly about my wonderful experiences at El Convento, I am determined to get my review posted.I have always been treated like royalty at this hotel but never more so than the time when I required extensive assistance due to travelling while recovering from surgery to repair a broken ankle. I could not have travelled had I not been coming to El Convento to stay.I was helped in every imaginable manner by ALL of the hotel staff. A shower chair was placed in my room, a chair with wheels was immediately sent to my room so I could manage better in the room (I did not want a wheelchair) extra pillows to elevate the leg at night were always brought in, extra blankets, ice for my ice bag, as well as extra water and coffee. Oh, and they scanned the room to anticipate possible problems for me and then determined that they would remove all the area rugs and move the furniture to insure my safety.During the nightly wine reception, the managers would place an extra chair for my leg, sit me down and would proceed to bring me my favorite wine, a plate with a generous serving from their extensive selection of cheese and crackers, and a bundle of grapes to top the plate.As I progressed from being in a boot with two crutches to being able to walk unassisted (a period of over four months) they celebrated with me and applauded me as I would show off my steps. They all went above and beyond the call of duty. Truly, if you are looking for a place with top notch service, nestled in the most beautiful of cities, there is no better place to go to than the El Convento Hotel in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gibbscr
<Content>OK , but you're paying for location not hotel quality We stayed here two nights before a cruise. Wonderful location right in the heart of Old San Juan. Staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. BUT, the room we had as well as the room our friends had leaves a lot to be desired. Ceiling fan was filthy. Entry way room ceiling was black with dirt and mold. Maid did not show up until 4pm our second day complaining that she had too many checkouts and 18 rooms to clean already. New flat screen TV remote would not turn TV on or off but other functions did work. If staying in Old San Juan is your desire then this is probably your best bet but you'll pay big bucks for a room that's at best mediocre.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlushPell
<Content>Historic hotel in Old San Juan.       el convento  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>zjtravel
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We stayed in the El Convento in March during a weekday. We had a wonderful experience. Both my husband and I have traveled extensively and I would say this is definitely one of the best small hotels we've been too. We booked two rooms(one for us and one for my parents) at a special mid week price at $230 per night(a steal for Old San Juan). They reserve you a room but don't assign you a specific room until you arrive. As soon as we stepped onto the hotel property someone met us and took our luggage. When we checked in, they had my parent's room ready but ours wasn't. As an apology, they gave my parents a suite next to the pool and assured us that our room would be ready within the hour. True to their word our room was ready in less than an hour and they gave us a top floor suite with our own private deck overlooking Old San Juan as a thank you for our patience. The hotel offers a wine tasting from 6-7pm every night with great wine choices and a fabulous selection of gourmet cheeses and crackers. The location is excellent--within walking distance of all the historic sights. The rooms are tastefully decorated with relatively new furniture keeping with the convent's history and spanish theme. As for complaints about being interrupted in the early evening by housekeeping--it was for the hotel's early evening turn down service. They do it during the wine tasting hours as a little extra. My husband and I would stay here again and again. The staff was helpful and the rooms clean and the location the best in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NYCFrank
<Content>3 Star Hotel At 5 Star Prices Can't believe the rates at El Convento!!We stayed one night pre-cruise at nearly $500 per night. Definitely overpriced for the product being offered. 3PM check-in turned into 3:45PM due to the very pleasant staff being over worked due to understaffing. We were offered a rather unpleasant room, which we rejected and ultimately were offered a bay view room after another 30 minute wait at the front desk.All metal surfaces in our room and in the public areas are showing signs of rust. All plastered surfaces are either cracked or mottled. Any repairs that have been made, such as painting, plastering, etc. have been performed substandard.Rooms are small and dark. Bathrooms are smaller yet and in need of renovation.Tenament views on the first 3 floors just add to the disappointment.The Taxes and Hotel Tariff of over $90 per night are ridiculous.The hotel does have its' charm, very atmospheric including all of the restaurants. Of course all venues are high priced. $25 for breakfast, $35 for tapas lunch.Wine and cheese on the deck is nice touch.At $250 per night (tax and tariff included) it's a very acceptable experience.Think Doubletree not the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>B0st0nB0st0n
<Content>Felt like a convent I stayed at El Convento last week for two nights on my way to Antigua. We planned on staying an additional third night before returning to the US until we experienced what felt like being trapped in a convent. The two nights were awful. The hotel is way overprized for what you get. The rooms are mediocre at best. We stayed in two different rooms and in both rooms the flat screen TV buzzed. The bathroom in the second room was missing a bath stopper and had no water pressure. When we were napping someone attempted to enter the room in the early evening (not during cleaning hours). We asked the front desk and they knew nothing of it. Additionally, we inquired about a scooter rental at the front desk. The concierge said he would look into it and never followed up with us. The next morning we ordered orange juice and was charged $12 for one glass!! The only newspaper they offered could only be read in the lobby. After these bad experiences we tried to cancel our third night while we were in Antigua. The front desk kept on transferring me to a reservations line where no one picked up. Finally after asking to speak with the manager they said we could not cancel less then 72 hours before the stay. We explained that we already stayed there two nights at almost $400 a night and they still would not allow us to cancel without being charged. After arriving in San Juan for our third night in the city we were forced to return to the hotel since they already charged us. Once we got there we had to request the manager again and only after stressing that our stay was unpleasant and that we felt like we were being forced to stay at their crappy hotel did they credit us. This was all done in the lobby in front of other guests and I believe they only gave in because of this. I found this hotel on the Small Luxury Hotels of the World listings, the hotel claims to be a 4 star luxury hotel yet we were greatly disappointed due the poor treatment we received and the just average standard of the rooms. My advice is to skip out on El Convento it certainly is not worth the price and headache that awaits you.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>oeil21
<Content>Beautiful Building The building was beautiful and in a wonderful location. Staff was great and free wine and cheese hour fantastic plus. Locals I knew before visiting go there for dinner or drinks and consider it one of the best on the island. Unfortunately the rooms were not that fantastic - they badly needed some updating and the bed was pretty uncomfortable. It was freezing in our room - we immediately turned the air off and opened the window but everyday housekeeping would pump it back up again. The bathroom was ok but definitely not four star.The linens seemed old and one night the bottom sheet came undone and I could feel the icky old matress pad with my feet! The tile was clean but the rugs I didn't want to walk on barefoot. Also if you rent a car better see what the hotel can do for you as far as parking goes. Its better to walk and take the free trolley around. If you rent a car there is a free shuttle from the rental company to the hotel - the front desk will arrange this for you.We were also under the impression breakfast was included but alas... it isn't. Check out the awesome breakfast places in the surrounding area that look like they have stayed the same since the 40's. The hotel serves seriously Americanized breakfast at New York prices.I think the building and staff was the biggest draw but might consider staying elsewhere next time. Definietly better than any large generic hotel along the beach. (They aren't that great anyway along the Atlantic...)  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	5	-1	2	

<Author>ShutterGo
<Content>Marvelous There's very little I can say to add to the other reviews. Staying at the hotel was a wonderful experience and very Old San Juan. The historic building and surrounding area was wonderful to wander through (but stay away from the tacky cruise ship shopper areas a further walk away). El Morro (the fort) is an easy walk away. We had dinner at Amadeus which was also only a short walk away on the recommendation of a former resident of San Juan and it was very nice.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PuravidaCT
<Content>Poor Customer Service My wife and I travel extensively for work and leisure. We recently spent 10 days in Puerto Rico and stayed at 3 properties. We found all of them big on rates and low on service. This property was no exception. The front desk treated us as if we were first time travelers. We were assigned to a room that had a view of the side of an adjacent building on the 2nd floor. We were told we would have a bay view. Upon complaining to the front desk I was informed, in a demeaning way, that this was a city hotel and I should not expect a bay view. The staff was rude and unbending. I would not recommend this hotel if you are looking for a nice property with proper customer service. It was extremely overpriced for what they have to offer.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>caponte
<Content>A real gem! This was our second stay at El Convento, and it will not be our last. Our first was in July 2006. The hotel's charm, location, staff, service and food were all to our satisfaction. The wine and cheese reception was a nice surprise. The pool is indeed small, but is not billed as anything but a plunge pool, so we didn't care that it was small and used it often. The staff at valet parking are kind and helpful. We love interesting small hotels, and if you do too you will love this one.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tnkrbl53
<Content>Lovely except for bedding, big deal to us My husband and I stayed there over a post-Xmas break. We found the desk staff doing triple duty, not informed, and overwhelmed (but very polite.) The hotel could do an immense service to patrons by putting some cushioning device on the heavy wooden doors that slam at all hours, and in the tiled, open-air echo chamber of the room area, it's a recipe for no sleep (and we sorely needed some.)But, it is very lovely, romantic, with little places to sit and talk and eat (food good) and enjoy the atmosphere of this great place.Here's our biggest gripe: we travel extensively and stay only in top hotels. I need good beds, high thread count sheets, great pillows and comfort if I'm going to pay top prices. Most of this made the grade, but we, strangely, SWEATED and felt uncomfortable sleeping all four nights, (room temp OK) until the last night, when I finally thought, What IS that stiff crackle of a feeling? I pulled off the sheets to find a plastic coated mattress pad, the kind they use in hospitals, the kind you use with kids who still wet the bed! I nicely asked the maid about it and she said it was to protect the expensive mattresses. So here we are with heavenly sheets and plastic underneath. And, to boot, the mattress pad looked old and icky.I've never seen or felt anything like it in any classy hotel I've been in anywhere in the world. And if you are a Princess and the Pea person, you may be turned off by it too.I'd never sleep there again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phil6184
<Content>Nearly Perfect After reading the reviews Of the El Convento I must say my expectations were running high. I'm happy to report I was not dissappointed. The hotel is a Gem. The staff was excellent and the service near perfect. On arrival, I had a problem with the room's thermostat. One stop at the front desk solved that. Within 5 minutes a technician arrived and swapped out the faulty unit. The restaurants are just ok. The pool is tiny. But the many lounging alcoves and the unique setting make up for any slight deficiencies.About the only negative thing I can say is that the front desk seemed to have only one person working. Since it functions as concierge, reservationist, as well as front desk the lone worker is at times overwhelmed. This resulted in a dinner reservation request not being made until I made the request again. This isn't to say the staff was incompetant or uncaring, he was just overwhelmed. Management needs to pull someone from the back office at times when the front desk is so busy.Having said all this, I would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>midgetmama
<Content>El Perfecto! I stayed here December 21 at a total of $323 including tax.Our first encounter with the hotel was two days before our stay. We somehow ended up having to drive in Old San Juan (not very pleasant but amusing, nonetheless), and when we found the hotel, discovered there is no way to drive straight up to it to drop off our luggage. After driving around the block a few times, we finally decided to pull into the valet parking and ask if we could just leave the car for a moment while dropping off our luggage. We only spoke Spanish, so I'm not sure if that had any effect, but the valet said it would be no problem and ran in to get a porter while we unloaded the trunk. He never found one, so he brought our bags in himself. Checking them in was easy enough, although once again we were waiting for a porter to come to collect them, and that took some time. When he finally came, we tipped the valet and left at no charge for parking.Two days later when we checked in, that was quick and efficient. We were given our keys and all the information/maps we needed. We asked where the elevator was, so the front desk agent walked us to our room and showed us how to use the key in the elevator. She said the porter would be up shortly with our bags.We got the standard room, and it was lovely. The ceilings were high, decor was very different, and we had a nice view of the plaza outside. My mom was very excited she got to try out the Bose system she's wanted for so long. The plasma television had to be turned on by hand, and the buttons were hard to see since they are hidden, and the room was not well-lit. The remote controls everything else once it's on though.The bathroom was tiny but clean, although my mom said she saw some kind of mold/dirt in the vents in the door. The only real problem I had in the room was on the front door where either the handle or the lock (so unimportant I can't remember which) was sort of hanging off.1.5 hours later the porter finally showed up with our bags. Thank God we weren't in a rush! We each got a shower in, a long call to my sister and some television in the time we were waiting for him.The hotel grounds were beautiful, and we took lots of pictures of the Christmas decorations.We only stayed one night so didn't get to enjoy all the restaurants the hotel is so famous for, but we did have lunch at El Picoteo. We weren't hungry but really wanted to eat there, so I had a plate of manchego and a bowl of gazpacho while my mom had the grilled shrimp. She loved the paprika butter they served with bread, and the shrimp was very garlicky. My gazpacho wasn't quite as good as anything I've had in Spain, or even Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba, but it was good enough, and the manchego was fantastic (as if you can ever go wrong with manchego). The ambience made for a nice ending to the trip, but the waiter was a little overly friendly. He kept standing behind a pillar and staring at me, so I figured it was the usual crush waiters always get on me. Then he awkwardly spoke in a very quiet voice, spending about 15 minutes telling us all about himself such as how it rained and he had to change his shirt that morning so he was late for work, and how he has to use a lot of Chapstick in Vegas. But he was gorgeous, so that made up for the awkward silences he forced us into.The porter returning our bags to us and bringing them out to the taxi was quite a bit quicker than our other experiences.The hotel was beautiful, all of the staff was friendly, and the food was delicious. We had a great time and would definitely recommend El Convento to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lawsonld
<Content>Wonderful Find       Great Restaurant  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>J&H74
<Content>Loved the El We usually prefer the Ritz or the Four Seasons, but decided to try El Convento to have a more authentic local experience. You could probably say that we are demanding and have high expectations. We were on a one-night stop over in San Juan. The choice was well worth it. The hotel exudes old world charm. Our room (508) overlooked the bay and the small plunge pool. It was small but acceptable. The hotel was refurbished in a manner which remains true to its era. The lobby was impressive with soaring ceilings and a patterned marble floor. The courtyard is lush with tropical vegetation and acres of terra cotta tile. While Old San Juan is very busy at night, the room was very quiet. We ate in the tapas restaurant on the second floor and the breakfast restaurant on the first floor. Both settings are in the courtyard and very romantic. The service was very good in both cases. We appreciated the morning newspapers (including the New York Times) that were available in the breakfast room. There was a pianist playing in the lobby salon at night. We ate at a nearby restaurant called Amadeus. It is within a short walk. The appetizers were great: corn fritters with mozzarella and dumplings. The main courses were bland and uninteresting. dessert was excellent: cheese flan. There was a good wine list. El Convento is located in the heart of Old San Juan. The area really comes alive at night. During the day, it is dominated by typical tourist shops. There are a couple of small legitimate antique shops but mostly the usual tourist stuff. The staff is very attentive and efficient.. The fitness center is small but has two treadmills, nautilus and some free weights. It is also open 24 hours a day The internet connection was excellent. What are the drawbacks? The hotel is in the middle of Old San Juan, so there is no beach. The traffic is heavy at all times of the day. Mosquitoes are thick and hungry鈥攑robably drawn by the fresh tourist meat and the lush vegetation. So like many hotels it is a question of your priorities and compromises. We were heading for the islands so a day without the beach was not a big issue.We would definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mark635
<Content>A very nice hotel We have just returned from a trip to this amazing hotel after a 2 week Caribbean cruise. The hotel is located in the heart of the old town near all the shops and restaurants. Our room was located on the 4th floor with views of the bay. It was a very large room well equipped with a large flat screen TV, en-suite bathroom and coffee making machine. On our floor was a small pool with separate Jacuzzi on the roof terrace with sun lounges, which was much need after shopping all day. There is an amenity room on the third floor with an honour bar, but free tea  coffee all day. A nice touch was that they served free cheese  wine in this area from 6pm until 7pm every day.There were several restaurants in the hotel located around the ground floor courtyard and on the 1st floor, all very nice.Not the cheapest, but would highly recommend it!Please do not hesitate to contact me if you need any further information.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NYC91
<Content>Great gem in the heart of the city My family and I stayed at the El Convento during the Thanksgiving holiday. The rooms were recently refurbished with quaint charm including color scheme, flat screen TVs, and Bose sound system. We had a great room-413, that overlooked the sea. Try to book this or rooms 410-414. The 4th floor is the best, in my opinion, as it has the pool and another open tanning/lounging area.The wine and cheese at 6 PM is great- great wine, great cheese.The pool is VERY small, MUCH smaller than it seems in the photos, but does the trick. Staying at the El Convento is like staying at a friend's house (or mansion). It's very comfortable, relaxed, and leisurely. The interior coutyard is amazing- like you're in Havana in the 50s. Amazing.Service is excelllent, with ONE exception. This terribly unpleasant woman at check-in. I didn't get her name, but everyone who encounters her knows who she is since she is the only one on staff with an attitude that does NOT flow with this hotel. Also, be aware that the beach is a cab ride away to the Mariott Courtyard if you want the typical tourist experience. And the BEST part, that no one tells you, is that the beach for the Mariott is located DIRECTLY across the street from the airport, making it EXTREMELY loud as planes take off and land. It's funny if you're in a good mood, and soooooo annoying if you're not.This has nothing to do with the El Convento property, more of an FYI.I could go on and on about the El Convento. You should definately stay here if you are looking for a European experience in the heart of the Carribean.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>regalada
<Content>An amazing wedding! We held our wedding at El Convento in October. We stayed four nights at a bay view room on the fifth floor. It was a wonderful experience. The hotel staff went out of their way to meet our requests, which were many. There were two other weddings there that weekend and we were afraid it was going to be noisy but didn't hear a thing, first time I've slept without earplugs in a hotel in years.We highly recommend it as a wedding venue and as hotel to spend a quiet, lovely and unforgettable time in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bilbo1001
<Content>Excellent. Lovely hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caribchakita
<Content>Gem in the heart of the historic district       architecture  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snmi47
<Content>The best of Old San Juan We had a great time on our honeymoon and stayed at the El Convento for two weeks. We stayed in room 217 which had high ceilings and a great little back terrace. The room was quiet, even though there were times with a variety of activity outside. The staff was very attentive, polite and patient with my broken Spanish, although everyone speaks English very well. The Old San Juan area is great to stay in and we'd explored a number of other hotels and found this to be the best authentic Puerto Rican experience with a great degree of class.I would advise against booking events through the hotel (unless you don't have a car) as they can add up quickly. We booked all of our activities individually and on our own (because we rented a car) and we covered the entire island. A must do is a trip to Vieques to see the bio-bay, but plan to stay overnight as the ferry does not run very often out of Farjardo.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ct968
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here one night to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. We had planned on eating at El Picoteo but we had a problem with our luggage and the airline didn't deliver it until after 8:00. We did enjoy the wine and cheese party. Our room was very comfortable. We paid $169 for a run of the house room so I was a little worried by what type of room we'd get. It ended up being very nice. We were right off the pool area. The bathroom was large and the bed was a double bed and very comfortable. We weren't able to use the pool (again didn't have our luggage) it was small but there was no one there so you'd have it pretty much to yourself. The El Convento is in a convenient location. It was easy enough to walk around Old San Juan and nice being so close to the fort. We rented a car and the parking lot was right across the street. It cost $15 per day to park but parking is hard to come by in Old San Juan. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lexjax
<Content>exceeded my expectations our first time to old San Juan, a one night stopover on the way to St John, VI. we wanted someplace special for our upcoming anniversary and we were not disappointed!the staff was VERY friendly and helpful...going out of their way to accomodate us. we had a QUIET room, which these days is hard to find! nice room, secure, Bose radio and flat screen TV on wall.the rooftop wine and cheese happy hour was a bonus and we enjoyed a relaxing breakfast in the open air coutyard the next morning.an easy walk to the historic waterfront for sightseeing and a quaint surrounding neighborhood. the only drawback had nothing to do with the hotel, but the local/state gov't which has imposed hefty taxes and surcharges which amount to almost 25% of the room cost...not very encouraging to visitors! we hope that we are able to stay here again and explore more of the area.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Geanne
<Content>Old World Character/Modern Comforts El Convento is ideally located in the heart of Old San Juan, within easy walking distance of many outstanding historic sites, shops, restaurants and cafes. Our room was incredibly clean and comfortable, with plush bedding, a modern bathroom and flat-screen TV. Yet, the architectural details were beautifully preserved and the thick walls and high ceilings added to the room's authentically historic ambience. The design details throughout the hotel were stunning and there was no question of the building's architectural and historical significance. Internet access, a cozy library, self-service coffee throughout the day, and a daily wine and cheese hour helped make guests feel welcome. The hotel's tapas restaurant, El Picoteo, was fabulous. Our only regret was that we only had one meal at the tapas restaurant. El Convento is a one-of-a-kind gem of a hotel and we were grateful that its building has been so meticulously restored and that the hotel is so well managed.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misscreole
<Content>So very comfortable I stayed there for three nights in late August and had an excellent time there. I want to add that I am a female who was travelling alone and everything went smoothly. They have a lovely little pool and hottub on their roof at which I hung out until my room was ready.The room was large and tidy. I had a regular room not a suite so the interior was not spectacular, but served its purpose. Bathroom was nice, with stuff from Bath and Body Works. Plenty towels. I had a huge flat screen TV with DVD player and a Bose stereo system with remote. The AC worked flawlessly. At 6pm every nicht thei have complimentary cheeses, crackers and wine at the terrace which is great to kill the hunger before dinner.Their courtyard indoors is beautiful but bring bugspray (mosquitos everywhere in PR).I was also able to go online on their guest PC and check in and print my boarding pass the night before my flight home - very convenient.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>juleve
<Content>A perfect escape for some city and civilization We live in the Caribbean, working at a very posh resort hotel in the British Virgin Islands. We took a week off in May and escaped to Puerto Rico to enjoy good food, Latin ambience, shopping, and above all, the staples of civilization: things like bookshops, cafes, and cinemas... which don't exist in the BVI.We stayed at El Convento the entire time and loved it. The hotel is beautiful with its central courtyard and the room was definitely unusual with its thick double wooden doors and high ceilings. We could definitely imagine the years of history the hotel had seen in its past life as a convent!The location was perfect. We loved Old San Juan and mostly stayed around there... took a taxi a few times to get to the Plaza de las Americas for shopping and cinema. We rented a car for two days as well to explore El Yunque rainforest and drove all around the island. The friendly staff at the hotel made the arrangements for us for the rental car - they also found us a men's barber shop!We weren't looking for beaches and were avoiding the sun since we get more than enough of that at home in the BVI (although I've heard that PR does have some great beaches - and its own virgin island is apparently extremely special).Next time I'm in Puerto Rico, I will definitely stay in El Convento again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hogs12
<Content>A must stay in Puerto Rico! If you stay near San Juan than you must stay at least one night here. My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Hyatt Dorado and 2 nights at the El Convento for our honeymoon and the El Convento was the highlight of our time there! It was full of charm and was a beautiful old hotel. Here are a few reasons:- The staff was always helpful and friendly. - We found it very clean (and my wife is a clean freak)- Free bottled water in your room's refridgerator- Beautiful courtyard in the middle- Tapas bar in the hotel was excellent (white sangria is awesome)- We loved the wine and cheese hour- Great location (right in the middle of Old San Juan)If you want to buy some leather goods then you need to haggle for them at the market. They are pretty cheap already but they'll go down. They've got nice stuff. My wife bought a purse that she loves.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sej
<Content>Wonderful ambience Just got back from a stay at El Convento and thought about booking a return trip before we had even left! We had originally planned to stay in the Condado area but had heard about all of the construction going on so decided to switch home base to Old San Juan. After going to the Condado for dinner one night we realized what a good move we'd made. El Convento was a private, quiet respite in the middle of a town filled with architectual and sensual delights. At the beginning or end of a long day, what a treat it was to have a cup of coffee or tea while overlooking the indoor courtyard, town or bay. If you want constant action, casinos, etc., this isn't the place for you. As mentioned in other posts, it's tastefully presented and is definitely above average, but don't expect it to be comparable to a Ritz, Four Seasons or luxury boutique hotel. For example, the bathrooms are marble but they're small and are showing some wear. Our room was in good shape but other rooms had stained upholstery. For these reasons, I don't think the hotel is worth the rack room prices of $500 and up- which is why some people have been dissapointed. At those rates you expect luxury. We got a better price through a AAA discount. What you do get is personalized service from the moment you walk in, the best location of any of the hotels in town, and true Puerto Rican ambiance. Many of its surrounding streets are closed to tourist traffic at night which makes for nice walks (residents and hotel guests can still drive through). The free trolley service is the best deal in town. Get a current route map from one of the tourist centers (the hotel might have an outdated one). Take the trolley to specific locations (cruise ship docks, which are right in town) or ride it all the way around to get a great view of the town. The El Morro route is the best and goes by both forts. The portal to OSJ is right by the hotel. It leads to a pedestrian path by the bay that goes along the perimiter of the city- all the way to El Morro fort. We didn't use any of the in-house dining facilities, so can't comment on them. La Bombonera is the place the locals go for breakfast and pastries (I know, I used to live in P.R.). A freshly baked mallorca and a cup of strong Puerto Rican coffee is simply sublime! But don't go to Barrachina's for pina coladas. They tout themselves as being the originators of the drink but they're definitely not the best- tasted like pineapple juice and must have used colored water for rum since I didn't get my usual buzz. The best pina coladas are freshly mixed with cream of coconut, pineapple juice, rum and ice. If you see them using a mix, don't bother. If you have the time, things not to miss: the rainforest and architecturally beautiful Ponce. At Isla Verde Beach you can experince P.R. like a native. It's close to Old San Juan, has a bike/pedestrian trail along the beach, and is where you can get authentic Puerto Rican food in the shacks lining the road.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Place to Stay in Old San Juan Our four night stay at the El Convento in late June was nearly perfect. Here is a breakdown:Good ThingsTwo free bottles of water each day in the mini fridgeFree coffee in the morning along with a wine  cheese happy hour nightlyPerfect locationLG LCD TV's in every roomHot tub with a viewAreas of ImprovementRooms are smaller than I expectedAir conditioning had to run non-stop to keep the room somewhat coldTiny pool with a viewHotel restaurants very pricey for what is servedWe would highly recommend staying at the El Convento but just make sure to dine at any of the nearby restaurants instead.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zonemelt
<Content>delightful Just loved this place. It's really friendly and the layout inside brings such an air of space in a part of the city which could feel cramped. One thing to note, valet parking is $15 per night if you've got a rental car --- that caught us by surprise.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They WILL cheat you! My friends and I dined at both their tapas bar AND the restaurant (El Bohemio). 2 out of 4 of us were overcharged on our credit card statements from $11-$25. The manager says this has happened several times before but since their receipts match up, you just have to take it up w/ your bank and did NOTHING else about it. While this is not much money, hitting several people a day for a little bit of money ADDS UP to SEVERAL HUNDRED DOLLARS A DAY. And since they do NOTHING about it, you can see how this will continue to be a problem. AVOID THEM! They're cheats conducting BAD business.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sloemocean
<Content>Absolutely divine Now this is a Hotel that has character, charm, antiquity and excellent service. A converted 17th century convent, these accomodations were nothing short of fantastic. El Convento has it all: LOCATION, several excellent restaurants  bars on site and great service. The rooms were Spanish influenced  fine. If visiting San Juan for the first time, I highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming! Very Special! Built around an open, interior courtyard, this lovely hotel brings the outdoor tropical ambience inside. Historic and very elegant public spaces. The rooms themselves are average, but everything else about this hotel is unforgettable!The hotel hosts an enjoyable complimentary wine and cheese reception in the early evenings between 6-7 pm. Coffee and tea are available all the time. A computer is availabe in a small library near the reception room.The staff are exceptionally nice and helpful. They really make you feel at home. There are three restaurants in and next door to the hotel. Breakfast is served in the courtyard--expensive, but worth the splurge at least once. As an alternative, there is a bakery about 3 blocks away that serves a good, inexpensive breakfast.El Convento is perfectly situated for sightseeing in Old San Juan. You can walk to everything. I just returned from a 2 night stay with my two college age daughters and they loved it as much as I did. All of us would recommend this hotel with considerable enthusiasm.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tirelesstraveller
<Content>well worth its excellent reputation What a fantastic hotel. We couldn鈥檛 fault any part of our stay there. The hotel is charming and beautiful, and the service is first class. The last restoration of the hotel was very sympathetic to its original use, and even though it has all the modern amenities you still feel a sense of history about the place.We particularly enjoyed the complimentary afternoon wine and hors d' oeuvres whilst watching the sun set over the bay. Excellent.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A794135
<Content>Loved it! You can't go wrong!!! Great location, rooms and service!! Elevators are very slow so it's much easier to take the stairs. Staff was very accommadating, clean, updated rooms. Small rooms, but that is easy to over look at this historic hotel. Don't rent a car, everything you need is within walkingn distance.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Wish we had more time at El Convento! The hotel staff were excellent in manners and service, the restaurants were delicious, the location could not have been better. Rooms were lovely and relaxing. Could not have asked for a better hotel. You're guarenteed to love it!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ejcrowe
<Content>Wish we'd had more time at El Convento I decided that spending our last night in Old San Juan after three nights on Vieques would be a good way of easing back into the hustle  bustle of the real world. Hotel El Convento is definitely more than we tend to spend on our hotel rooms, but I鈥檓 very glad we splurged. Resort-type places aside, it is the nicest full-service hotel I鈥檝e ever stayed in and I have to say that I would be hard pressed to stay anyplace else in OSJ in the future. The location is perfect for walking around, the courtyard of the hotel is a peaceful place to sit and enjoy a cup of coffee and a book in the early morning, and the views from the rooftop pool and decks were just lovely. Our room had two double beds, a flatscreen TV, a Bose CD player, small refrigerator, small safe, full bathroom, air conditioning, and a small Juliet balcony whose doors we could throw wide open to see the plaza right below us and the cathedral to our left. Every staff member, from the concierge to the bartenders to the bellhop exuded graciousness and made us feel welcome in a solicitous but not overbearing way. Included with the price of the room is an outdoor, early evening rooftop wine and cheese reception, which we were very glad to take advantage of. Our flight from Vieques was timed so that it would have been very difficult to eat an early lunch before hand, and our arrival at El Convento was such that their restaurant had stopped serving lunch already, and we did not want to eat a full meal at 3:45 pm, so the reception was ideal. The hotel provided a wide variety of hard and soft cheeses and other nibbles, plus a choice of about 6 different wines, an honor bar for those who want a cocktail, as well as coffee, tea, bottled water and soda. So the adults sat with our wine and martinis and our teenager with her soda as we watched a cruise ship leave port and saw the clouds to the west become tinted with the pastels of sunset.Check-out is at noon, but the hotel provides a secure closet for leaving behind luggage if, like us, you have a late afternoon flight and want to spend the time walking around OSJ. Guests who have already checked out can still take advantage of all of the hotel鈥檚 facilities, so we also had access to the pool but more importantly to the shower rooms in the fitness center so that we could change clothes before leaving for the airport. Our breakfast in the courtyard of the hotel was quite good, accompanied by excellent coffee, which my husband and I drank while waiting for our companions to join us. The fare was varied and priced in keeping with hotel鈥檚 prices. For our evening meal we walked down to Aguaviva, which served us some of the best seafood and cocktails we've ever enjoyed--the watermelon sangria was especially good. All in all, we loved Old San Juan and we hope to return sooner rather than later. The next time one of our flights to the Caribbean has a nasty layover (Grenada being the worse) we will definitely just plan to overnight in OSJ and stay at El Convento again.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>foxtrotfs
<Content>Enjoyed El Convento       El Convento Beautiful Exterior Hallways  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kzdallas
<Content>A taste of the Old World in the Caribbean... We loved El Convento! This was my second time staying at El Convento and I would be thrilled to go again. It is a wonderful old hotel with a European atmosphere, personal service, modern conveniences (flat-screened tv, bose radio, fitness center, etc.), and the best location you could ask for in Old San Juan. You can easily walk from the hotel to all the historic sites in OSJ --El Morro, San Cristobal, the governor's house, San Juan Cathedral, the home of Ponce de Leon, etc.-- and to numerous shops and restaurants. There are duty free jewelry stores on every block, boutiques selling clothes and local handicrafts, outlet shops, and unusual and interesting art galleries. And the restaurants are superb. Most are small and unique. Dragonfly has incredible Latin-Asian fusion food (great sushi). The Parrot Club makes the best pork sandwich in the world -- and the Parrot Passion is quite refreshing! Agua Viva is open for lunch and dinner and serves good Latin inspired seafood (I loved the calamari sandwich and the big steel bowls of ceviche looked really tasty). Tantra is an exotic Latin-Indian restaurant, La Bombanero serves mallorcas fresh from the oven at breakfast time. This is a local spot which is more than 100 years old and looks like a cafe/diner/bakery combination...the coffee's great, too. Baru on San Sebastian Street is very good Mediterranean/Caribbean food and the Cafe Puerto Rico is good, cheap PR food. And the best tapas in the world are served at El Picoteo in the El Convento Hotel. We had a variety for dinner one night and had to go back the next day at lunch for more! They also make a superb Tres Leches cake and chocoloate mousse cake. You can have dinner at 7:00, hop in a cab and head to Isle Verde to the Casinos -- the Ritz, El San Juan, Intercontinental or many others -- and come back to El Convento afterward for coffee and dessert!The next time you have to change planes in San Juan to get to the Virgin Islands, Antigua, St. Martin, Aruba, Barbados...or other points south, think about a stopover in Puerto Rico. If you can only manage a day or two, stay at El Convento and enjoy Old San Juan. If you have longer, be sure to get out and explore the island. You shouldn't miss it!  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>busterlucy
<Content>Beautiful Lounge While we didn't stay overnight at this hotel, we stopped in for a drink and found it was worth a visit. Great bar, beautiful building, and lovely interior decoration. They serve an inexpensive pina colada in the open-air lounge which is a perfect way to rest after touring Old San Juan. Great, comfy chairs line the lounge and offer an old-school environment. Had we stayed in Old San Juan overnight, this would have been our first choice.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maverick_cp
<Content>El Convento, Best Old San Juan Location, Gracious Property - Stay Here!       Old San Juan Architecture  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reservations If you are planning on making a reservation at this hotel try not to use 3rd party online websites and make the reservation with the hotel directly. You can do this either online at [-----]or by telephone at 800-468-2779. Online prices for a Deluxe room are around $350 USD, if you go to the hotel directly you will pay around $215 USD and can request a particular room if you like.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tunneltravler
<Content>Beyond good! Charming, warm, spotless, well done, mysterious, all words to describe this wonderful small hotel. We wondered at the 200+ year old fruit tree in the inner courtyard, the beautiful oil paintings behind its massive wooden entry doors doors, and the tucked away terraces that have wonderful seating areas to steal conversation or to disconnect. Honor bar just a corner away from the roof top jacuzzi and small soaking pool that over looks the inner harbor. The tapas bar/restaurant El Picoteo is quality and a price to match. The rooms (opted for a partial harbor view) had ice cold A/C. It also had an exterior double door to let fresh air in if you like it tropical. Our double bed room had a nice semi-firm bed and pillows, marble bath, hot shower, frig, safe, iron, lots of hooks, free high speed internet, dimming floor lamps and lots of drawers and hangers. We stayed in Old San Juan because we're more city people in general and explore rural parts by car or other transport. But Puerto Rico being a beach island, we we're happy to find a courtesy pass that we could use to attend another resort's beach and facilities. At this time it's the Marriott Courtyard at Isla Verde (read: Muniz Airport). It's the antithesis of what we like in a hotel (but nice staff) and the beach was less than amazing. You could take a walk down to the public area where it was more crowded but overlooked a small island and seemed more scenic. The other way looked like any overbuilt ocean side city and a touch polluted, But that's not the El Convento's fault. You need to travel a ways to get to the beautiful beaches of P.R. if you're staying in San Juan. El Convento's staff was extremely helpful, fun and attentive. All in all I was very impressed. Put it on your list.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream come true! This hotel was a dream come true. The staff was more than kind and helpful in every way! Our room was beautiful with a breath taking view. The food was wonderful. We found ourselves away from the hustle and bustle of the cruise ships and yet still in the heart of this beautiful city. We were able to explore and se the sites. The tour guide we were set up with was incredible, we learned so much. It was such a lovely experience that I almost cried when we left. I am looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TessM
<Content>Slice of Heaven in Old San Juan I just arrived a few hours ago and I don't want to leave! The staff couldn't be nicer and the tapas restaurant attached to the hotel was fabulous. My room is roomy (but the bathroom is on the small side), large French doors looking out onto the Catherdral, ceiling fan, flat sceen TV and a Bose CD player. Perfect location (easy walk to El Morro) for sightseeing. Me gusto mucho!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       view from the terrace  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kravitz
<Content>Best place to stay in Old San Juan A small, luxury boutique hotel with LOTS of charm. We stayed in a large corner room on the top floor (#519). It had a full, private, rooftop terrace with table and chairs. Highly recommend ordering the sinful burger (even though its pricey $11.00) at the hotel's lovely interior courtyard restaurant. Check out the small dipping pool and hot tub on the roof for a great view of the city. Hotel is in a terrific location for sightseeing in Old San Juan. Thank goodness too for valet parking!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cravingtravel
<Content>Everything every other positive review said it would be My fiance and I ended our vacation in Puerto Rico with two nights at El Convento Hotel. What an amazing retreat with a fantastic location and incredible cuisine. Of all the beautiful things we encountered on and off the island, this was the most impressive. If you are a traveler that craves the quaint feel of a boutique hotel drenched with cultural influences reflected in the decor and fabulous cuisine (El Picotero...with authentic Spanish tapas...a must!) this is it. I could continue but if you're reading this, you have lots of other things to research before your trip. Oh...one more thing...make sure you take advantage of the amenities including a rooftop terrace with a pool.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GypsyOBRN
<Content>Great place to stay!       Saw Parrots in a tree on walk  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rwilcox
<Content>highly recommended Loved this hotel. This place is dripping with history and we felt warm and welcome the minute the hotel unloaded our bags from the taxi. The staff had great attitudes and when ever we had a glitch (hair dryer in room broke and a miscommunication caused our taxi to be given to someone else) they really hustled to correct it, very friendly and impressive service. One couple we met was there for the 18th year in a row! If (when) I go back to San Juan I will not consider any other hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CAG5563
<Content>Loved it again! This was our second time staying at the El Convento Hotel for one night before our cruise. The staff was very pleasant from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. Our room was very clean and a very good size.We ate in the tapas restaurant in the hotel and had a very good meal with very good service.It is a little pricey, but we think it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Getmearumpunch
<Content>Very classy place with lots of history We stayed at the El Convento only one night, en route to Vieques. Although it was a bit pricey and not quite as plush as I expected, it was a real treat. A very classy place, with high ceilings and comfortable beds. The staff was excellent, the food was terrific, and we could walk to all the Old San Juan historical sites. The wine and cheese reception was so good, we took a pass on dinner and just had some tapas in the second-floor tapas bar.If you go, be sure to check out the painting of Christ in the hallway just outside the restaurant area. I swear it looks like he's talking on a cell phone!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AKR1
<Content>Loved El Convento El Convento is an exceptional hotel with a great location in the absolute center of all the action in old San Juan. We were a family of four who stayed there last week and loved it. Our room turned out to be a big suite right next to the rooftop pool area and a staircase from there led us down to the patio area where they serve wine and cheese each evening. The room had a plasma TV and another TV in the living room and a Bose cd/radio and had a really nice, quaint period feel. The wine and cheese was a cut above what other places serve free. Excellent cheese selection and surprisingly decent wine, the Rioja was a $20 bottle retail!!The courtyard and food in the restaurant were also very good. Strongly recommend this place. One tip, don't miss ice-cream at the Ben and Jerry's up the street from the hotel. Trust me this is the best Ben  Jerry's you will ever go to!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baskin
<Content>Best place to stay in San juan El Convento is by far the best place to stay in Old San Juan, the interesting part of this large city. While the rooms are not large, they are quiet (internal glass door inside the corridor door)and full of superb amenitities. A large plasma TV, a Bose Wave radio and the strongest shower that we have ever experienced. Breakfast or lunch in the patio dining room is a wonderful oasis from the teeming outside activity and, unlike other hotels, El Convento is on a relatively quiet street. We found everyone at the hotel to be friendly.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>princeton12321
<Content>Take it for what it is Is this the Ritz Carlton? No. Does it pretend to be? No. This is an absolutely charming hotel located right in Old San Juan. Wonderful architecture and character you cant get in most places in San Juan. Yes, the prices can be high, but we got a great deal and the room was clean, comfortable, and the service friendly and attentitive (if a big slow, but that is pretty par for the island). When you are looking for a distinctivly Puerto Rican experience, but dont want to trade off some of the luxuries of home, this is a great place to do it.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>webwiz99
<Content>Disappointed . . . I made a reservation for four days. On arrival, there was no bellman, so I found room 217 myself. The room was next to an electrical generator which vibrated noisily --- and the air-conditioner was very loud. I asked for a room change and they put me in 321. I enjoy reading on vacation. There was no comfortable chair with an adjacent light. When I tried to read in bed, it slid away from the wall because it was on wheels. And the draperies were ripped. The third room had a chair, but no light next to it. So I shoved the chair into the entry area and read there. Overall, the rooms are dark. I thought the breakfasts were poorly presented, more like a diner. In the lunch restaurant, the service was terrible. The swimming pool is 6 x 10 feet and the lounge chairs there were taken most of the time. The bathrooms are very small. There was a nice porch where one could sit out and read or visit.The hotel building has great charm. The people working there are friendly. El Convento seems to me more like a three-star hotel. It is not luxurious, but 鈥済enerally pleasant. I thought $397 a night for a single was too much. I would not return.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>flosue
<Content>El Convento is absolutely terrific We loved this place. It's in a beautiful section of a fascinating city. It's not easy to taxi to because the traffic is awful and the streets are so narrower. However, the hotel is lovely inside  out  worth the crazy taxi drive. Our room (Room 206)was quiet, cozy,  pretty. We had a great view of the cathedral across the way. We enjoyed the nightly manager's wine  cheese party (they need to include chocolate). The exercise room was well-equipped with machines that worked. One disappointment was the breakfast restaurant on the ground level. It was VERY expensive, not enough food, and SLOW service. The same could be said for the hotel's bar. We quickly learned to go to some local places for speedy, delicious,  cheap breakfast meals rather than waste our time  money eating at the hotel. The roof top pool and deck area was absolutely perfect for reading  people watching  sun bathing. We loved it!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>leeMorrisIllinois
<Content>HISTORIC CHARMER If you like a property that is charming and historic in a unique location this place is for you.Upon arriving we were greeted by Arnaldo who was very helpful and friendly. I had requested a quiet room on the fifth floor which is exactly what I recieved. The front desk also helped with directions and making dinner reservations.Their are wines and cheeses offered every evening free of charge.(very nice) A small pool and hot tub are located on the fourth floor with towels and robes avaliable.The bathrooms are small but well stocked. The hotel has old world charm and the public areas are beautiful. BEWARE OF CRUISE SHIPS. Some days there are three or four cruise ships in port which makes for very crowded streets and shopping.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScotTravller
<Content>Don't stay in room 324! Just returned from a weekend trip to San Juan (fri/sat night stay). The hotel has rustic charm and the staff were all very friendly (as were the other Puerto Ricans we met). However, make sure you don't stay in room 324. This room has an outlook onto the street and is very noisy. The hotel cafe which was just below and played loud music until it closed at 1am. The main problem was the bars and people in the street. The bar directly opposite was open until 5am (the time when i eventually got to sleep - for all of 3 hours). The next morning we complained and the staff were very accomodating and changed our room to one which although smaller was much improved. The staff seemed unsurprised by the complaint so i imagine this happens regularly.The other (minor) problem is that the hotel is right in the middle of old san juan which is great for walking about the streets but if you travel elsewhere and get a taxi back it can be difficult as the streets were jammed with cars. On the sat night we ended up getting dropped off by the taxi a few streets away and walking the rest (the taxi driver was very apologetic).This is a nice hotel (if a bit pricey) and the staff were helpful, just don't stay in 324!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Building First of all old San Juan is beautiful. Very European. The Hotel El Convento is an old Convent that has been converted to a hotel. If you like historic buildings you will love this hotel. So charming and comfortable and a beautiful courtyard. I only stay in five star hotels and this meet my expectation not because it was super luxurious but because it was such a beautful building and the rooms were nice and the bathrooms as well. Also I loved the location.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Great Location We enjoyed our stay at the El Convento. The hotel staff upgraded our room to a suite and were very friendly. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept on. The hotel is in walking distance of resturants and shopping. We stayed two days after a cruise and were well rested after 7 days of island hopping.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Romantic Hideaway in the City This is our 5th or 6th time back to El Convento and each time we find a new room that we love! You can not buy charm like this! The tapas bar/restaraunt has the best Mojitios in the world! The pool is small but just enough for a relax after walking around the city. The staff has always been incredible to us they really can answer most questions you may have. If you love the big hotels stay away, this is not for you. If you like personal service and lots of history in a fabulous location this is it!!! Our room is always ready when we arrive( which is my pet peeve in a hotel)and I mean clean and perfect! Love the chocolates at night what a nice touch that we didn't expect. See you again next year! Perhaps the only down fall is that we don't get to stay longer each trip. Simply a great hotel that delivers everything for the price.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kpolz
<Content>Location Location Location       lobby view 2  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tamiris
<Content>El Convento was wonderful! We recently spent 5 nights at the El Convento in Old San Juan. We loved everything about it - the location, the building, the service, the views from the terrace on the 3rd floor and the pool on the 4th. I would highly recommend it.Our room was very attractive, even though not very large and even though it did not have a lot of natural light. It had 6(!) lamps and/or wall sconces, which we appreciated since we like to read. There was turn down service every evening. The bathroom was not large, but nice. The room opened onto an arcade going around the courtyard in the middle of the building, which had been a convent. There were trees, plants, etc. in the courtyard, including fruit bats flying around in the evening (they stayed in the courtyard and did not fly into the outdoor corridor. Every evening they lit candles on small tables set up overlooking the courtyard.There are 3 restaurants in the building, one in the courtyard, one on the 2nd floor overlooking the courtyard, and another on the 2nd floor near the side entrance of the building (which is onto the 2nd floor, since it is built on a hill.Every night from 6-7 pm there was complimentary wine and cheese on the terrace on the 3rd floor. We enjoyed talking to other guests there.Old San Juan is small and you can walk everywhere from the hotel. I would love to return some day.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzyjacuzzi
<Content>Enchanting Hotel We spent 3 nights at the El Convento after traveling to other places in the Caribbean. The hotel is centrally located for exploring Old San Juan. Our very clean and tastefully decorated room was on the 5th floor with wonderful views and (to my husband's surprise) a really nice flat screen tv! The staff at the hotel was friendly and very accommodating. We were pleasantly surprised by Old San Juan and cannot wait to return. We spent 2 nights just walking around eating tapas and drinking our way thru the city. There is a very good Tapas restaurant right in front of the El Convento through the courtyard - I would highly recommend for a casual lunch (try their Sangria). We went to the Ritz Carlton one night to check it out but really wish we had just stayed right in Old San Juan - so much to see and do. I would go back to Old San Juan in a heartbeat, the nonstop flights from the States and the approximately to the airport makes Old San Juan and easy getaway destination.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tvsp
<Content>Nice hotel- shame about the service It's a beautiful building but the standards of service, given the cost, left a lot to be desired. I had complaints when I left- they said a manager would call me... three weeks on and I've heard nothing.I booked a package which their website calls 'Romantic Memories of Old San Juan'; disappointingly it promised 'Fresh Flowers In Your Room'- which we never got; and a 'Hotel Signature Bag' (not sure what that is but we didn't get it).When we checked in the hotel couldn't give us a key for the in-room safe- they said they'd let us know as soon as they had one... we were there for three nights and I think they need to order more because they never got back to us.As for the evening drinks reception- I'd prefer they included breakfast instead- which is very expensive in the hotel.Oh- and two other things to look out for- I almost made a local call until they told me it would cost $1.30 per minute. And don't trust your postcards to them- they said they'd send some for me- judging by the postmark they took two weeks to mail them.All in all, a nice hotel in a great location... but the service isn't anywhere near as good as it should be for the high prices they charge.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Miner1
<Content>Like the curate's egg - good in parts El Convento has the possibility of being one of the great hotels, but is let down by needless inefficiencies. Its position, architecture and ambience are superb, but there are too many problems, individually small but adding up.We stayed for three nights in November. Like other previous respondents we arrived at a reasonable time to find no room available, nor any forecast as to when one would be. Eventually, at about 4pm we were given the keys to a room which was not made up. This was quickly remedied but annoying. No complaint about the reception and concierge who were pleasant. The new room was satisfactory, although not large.Again like many others, we found the lift out of order one day.The barman at the Tapas bar was downright unpleasant, although we were later informed that this bar is not part of the hotel. Best avoided, there is plenty of choice in the area. The main hotel restaurant was adequate and although not inspiring the staff were pleasant and efficient.The maid service left something to be desired with heavy dust in some areas.Other complaints were they lost our laundry (found eventually), and the telephone did not work. When we did manage to make a call, the pen did not work!However, that did not mean we did not enjoy our stay. Staff at the front desk was always helpful, especially Carmen, and other staff were always pleasant. The design and ambience of the hotel are stunning, at the centre of a beautiful historic city. The complimentary bar between 6 and 7pm is a lovely idea, and although the pool is small, the deck area has a beautiful aspect and is a pleasant place to relax.We still think this is the best place to stay in Old Sann Juan, but just wish they would get their act together.We booked through expedia.co.uk at a reasonable rate with no problems.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bait and switch Be aware. The hotel advertises special rates on their site, but when you attempt to make reservations they increase pricing by close to $200 per night. Shame on them!!! Be sure to have confirmation in writing before giving them any credit card information.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>pman38
<Content>Could have been better My wife and I stayed at the El Convento for two days prior to a cruise. We selected the hotel, as we like Old San Juan and were pretty much able to walk anywhere to shop or dine. We were celebrating our tenth wedding anniversary. We had booked the room through the cruiseline. Upon checking in after a long day, we were told the only room available had twin beds. We explained that we had requested a room with a queen sized bed. They stated they had no other rooms, but would try to get us another room the next day. I am not sure where the mixup took place. I did contact the cruiseline who stated a queen sized bed was requested. ???? We had to take the room. Upon retiring for the night, the toilet in the room overflowed all over. We had not even used the toilet as of yet. Water was everywhere. We called the front desk and they sent a maintenance person up. It took him awhile, but apparently he fixed whatever caused the problem. After he left, the toilet started running and making very strange noises, and would not stop. I called the front desk irate, as it was late, and we were very tired. Miraculously, another room became available after we were told earlier there was nothing available. The person at the front desk stated this room also had twin beds. We immediately took the room, as we were very tired. This room was OK but the hotel really needs to do some upgrading, especially in the rooms. Obviously plumbing is an issue as well. The following day the front desk called and stated a room with a queen sized bed became available, as someone had cancelled. We declined, as we did not feel like packing everything up again. On a positive note, the wine/cheese reception each night was outstanding. A nice assortment of cheeses and wine. Cafe Bohemio was excellent as well. One last note. The hotel is all open. We do prefer at times to be in air conditioning, as the heat bothers us at times. The only place we found air conditioned areas was in the rooms. All dining areas are in the open. Ceiling fans are present, however. We will stay at another hotel on our next visit to San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent experience at El Convento My wife an I stayed at the El Convento for 3 nights during our honeymoon. This was the last leg of our trip after spending a week over at St. Johns and we were not disappointed. The service was stellar... The woman at the front desk (can't recall her name but she had braces :)) had taken note that it was our honeymoon, congratulated us and then put us in what many considered the best room in the house on the 5th floor. Since this was the first time someone actually really acknowledged with some excitement on us being newlyweds and went out of their way to find a great room, make us reservations on the spot for dinner, etc... it really meant a lot to us and really set the tone for the rest of our stay - great service. The room itself (I *think* 508) had been featured in many magazines with two windows/doors that had a view of the bay and also the pool area. The room was extremely tasteful and well thought out in terms of color scheme, decorations and furniture... along with being extremely clean. On our first night we took advantage of a pre-dinner snack at the nightly free cheese and wine hour only to come back to our room afterwards to find our bed turned down with rose pedals put into the shape of a heart on our bed (very nice touch). Several moments later there was a knock on our door with a bottle of champange and truffles. The inner courtyard was very nice, with breakfast in the morning and a tappas bar overlooking looking it - which ended up being our favorite place for drinks and snacks as the food was excellent. The location of the hotel itself in Old San Juan is perfect with walking distance to the shops and several execellent restaurants. If you want to go a bit further there is always a taxi out front. One night we took a taxi over to the Sheraton at Isle Verde for dinner and the casino, 15 minute ride at about $18, a little expensive but still reasonable. We would definitely stay again (in fact already setting up our next trip) and have absolutely nothing negative to say about the hotel or service of the resort... and I consider myself picky. Two thumbs up.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlashPackingIt
<Content>I agree with Victor of New York The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the location cannot be beat! Everything you could possibly want or need are right here, practically on your door step. One word of advice, if you need directions - ask the bellmen instead of front desk.I am still here with my husband at El Convento on our last night. We have been here for 4 days and all 4 days have had periodic downpours throughout. Our room also leaked. After informing the front desk of this problem, we were disappointed that the staff tried to pass it off as condensation from the air conditioning. The leaks are so bad that at one point it soaked the bed on one side! We have since pulled our bed from the wall to avoid sleeping on a water bed and placed towels on the floor (by the way, housekeeping keeps replacing our towels even though we hang them up daily to show that we would like to keep them). Having said all that, we were moved from a standard room to a junior suite on our second night here even though we booked for a deluxe room (which is a really nice bonus). Unfortunately it is the suite that is leaking but wild horses wouldn't drag us out of here for the space!The Tapas bar at the hotel is very good and has great ambience. We have not tried Cafe Bohemio.You can visit the Barcardi Rum Distillery by catching a ferry from Pier 2 at the waterfront (5 minute walk from El Convento) to Catano ($0.50) and take a taxi to the Distillery ($3.00). All in all a great experience with few disappointments.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shannyh1
<Content>The Hotel Elconvento My husband and I just returned from a trip to Puerto Rico, staying 6 nights at the Hotel Elconvento...October 10-16th. After booking our room through Travelocity, we had a bit of a problem when we arrived in that the staff stated our room was a superior instead of the deluxe booked. Upon showing them proof, we were happily given room 501. During our first night, San Juan experiened more than average rainfall and our room had a couple leaks (one in the bathroom and one from the ceiling); Also we were unable to make telephone calls to the US mainland through the telephone system from the rooms. We informed the desk of our problems of leakage and were cheerfully transferred to room 510, which had a better view of San Juan Bay. This room was very satisfactory and nicely appointed with it's decor. Our CD player did not work, however. The room was clean and comfortable.Dining at The Elconvento was a bit 'iffy' as the Bistro was closed for refurbishing. We enjoyed our breakfast each morning in the inner courtyard (when it was not raining)..however, breakfast was a bit high-priced ($39 for two of bacon and eggs, toast, juice and coffee). There were a few times the lift did not work as well. We are assuming that the heavy rains were responsible for the malfunction.The pub, El Picateo was lovely and offers not only drinks but light snacks such as tappas and sandwiches. In the evening dinners are available as well. Rich Puerto Rican music wafts through the bar and restaurant sitting.From 6-7PM is free wine/cheese offerings. The cheeses were nothing special, however, the many wines were lovely. The corridors are lovely and the terraces are beautifully lit. Many different plants, flowers, and trees line the hallways and terraces, giving a romantic air to the hotel.The swimming pool and hot tub are very small, but clean and there is ample area for sunning. There is a lovely view from the swimming area as well as the terraces.There is free internet access in the library.Hotel Elconvento is centrally situated nicely in Old San Juan and in convenient walking distance to all attractions. The city is very hilly, so wear comfortable footwear! Just a few blocks away from the hotel is a trolley (small bus) that will transport you throughout the city for free. There is no need to rent a car if Old San Juan is where you are going to stay for the entire trip. We hired a driver for one day to take us on a tour, visit the Bacardi Rum Distillery, and treated us to an authentic Puerto Rican restaurant for lunch. The cost of this was $120 for 5 hours. There were other tours the concierge desk (same people as the front desk) offers, but dont hesitate to ask to make up your own package. They are most accommodating.All in all, we found the Hotel Elconvento staff very helpful and friendly. For a 350 year old building, it is well maintained and has more than enough staff to meet your needs. We were a bit disappointed by the housekeeping staff. They made up the bed each day, but towels were not replaced as needed.I think in the future we would not stay an entire 6 days in Old San Juan, but visit the beaches in Ponce and other areas of interest.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! The El Convento was an absolutely georgous hotel right in the best part of Old San Juan. It felt very authentic and sensual, and our experience there could not have been better. You are within walking distance of great restaraunts and shopping on OSJ and the beach is only a 10 min. taxi ride away. Our room was great- the bed was comfy- the plunge pool was just charming- all around perfect! Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sookirincon
<Content>Nice Experience I stayed at this beautiful hotel over the past weekend. The staff was friendly and helpful. Nice setting, relaxing and clean. My room was small but cozy. Complementary water is put daily in the refrigerator. And daily complementary wine and cheese is served on the third fl. A great way to relax in the evenings. The swimming pool is small but cute. Perfect when there aren't too many people. I used it at night, and it was great!!!No need to use the car is staying for a weekend. You will find shops, clubs, bar and restaurant within walking distance. The Spanglish Restaurant offers great food and very inexpensive. The Old San Juan is like being in another Country. I highly recommend El Convento Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sahman
<Content>Tranquility, and free wine One always takes a risk when booking a hotel, sight unseen, in an unknown town. Staying at El Convento made me look like an genius. The hotel is a large, romantically lit facade set on a small plaza. The setting is romatic, relaxing, and a fabulous respite from the busy town, despite being a 2 minute walk from good shopping, art galleries and restaurants. My wife and I particularly enjoyed the daily wine and cheese offering. It provides a unique opportunity to meet other guests, and watch the sun set before going out on the town. The service was very good, without being obtrusive, and the rooms clean and comfortable, with high ceilings. Each room has a small cafe table outside the front door, looking out on the central atrium. I'd highly recommend this hotel if you are more of a city person than a beach person, however the beach is a quick cab ride away. Definitely a great alternative to the cookie-cutter resort hotels.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MiamiBeach1
<Content>best option for diverse san jaun el convento has an excellent location for a city tour of san jaun -- walking distance to excellent shops, restaurants  clubs. the property is charming and historic, although could use renovation to bring it back to 4-star standards. we found the staff very friendly and able to answer our questions and give excellent advice on shopping, clubs, restaurants, etc. el convento is no where near a beach. however, a $16 cab ride gets you to their sister property on isla verde -- which is a wide, clean, safe beach with lots of ammenities. the pool at conventro is small, esp when any children decend and start splashing water into your adult beverage. the rooms and bathrooms nice. overall, convento is a better alternative to the Ritz Carlton. the Ritz was quite crowded and a little worn -- certainly not what I expected hearing it was 5-star.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>katyshay
<Content>I'd definitely not come back Bad experience first day--at tapas restaurant in hotel--we were ignored in an empty restaurant by the three or four young male waiters--we finally left without dining. The room was adequate, and the staff at the patio restaurant where we dined the rest of our stay fortunately made up for the bad staff upstairs. The location was good if you could figure out how to get through the maze of one way streets especially at night when police blocked certain streets off. Fortunately I didn't let the worst dining experience I'd ever had ruin a wonderful trip to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dougfitz
<Content>Old world charm, best in OSJ       View from the upper patio, reception area  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible My wife and I stayed here on our way to Antigua. The staff was fantastic, the rooms were brilliant, and the rooftop pool and hot tub were breath taking. I can not wait to go back. There was so much to see! I wish we could have stayed longer!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrTetley
<Content>Sheer Brilliance Okay, so this next line may sound conceited, but: growing up, I was lucky to stay in some of the world's best hotels. We'd watch Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous, read lists of the best, and say, 'Been There, Been There.' Well, I may've been a student traveller between then and now, but this place ranks as one of the absolute best I've been to.I was only there for two days, one night, but oh how I wish it was longer. It was, no less, the last night of our honeymoon, and we'd had a lovely week in the BVIs on the beach, and were sad to leave, but El Convento was brilliant.Every staff member was great. Fantastic bellboy (Gadrial, I think was his name), great check-in, restaurant staff were great. And the room was lovely. So many nice touches, like the tables and chairs with candles outside the rooms in the hall, the gorgeous courtyard, the views, the location, etc. Almost best of all, though, was their lovely convention of having a free wine and cheese affair every afternoon from 6-7. open bottles of good wine, nice cheeses, and you could go to town. And their honor bar was also a nice way of telling their guests that they're different from the rest.The tapas restaurant (El Picoteo) was lovely looking, and had some nice stuff. My wife and I had a great meal, and woke the next morning feeling truly blessed to have stayed there. We stayed at the Water Club on the way out to the BVIs, but this was so much better. Go there.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyond our Expextations       View from hotel roof top terrace  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TresSirenas
<Content>Absolutely the Best! As an owners of a small Inn on the West Coast of Puerto RIco, we often travel to San Juan for a quick getaway, having stayed in the many hotels in Condado and Isle Verde, our absolute favorite place to visit is the El Convento! On our most recent visit, traveling with friends from Europe who also own a BB in the south of France, and our children, we took 4 rooms, after finding a great rate on the internet. The architecture and ambience exemplify the charm of old San Juan, the rooms ar decorated to reflect the Spanish influence, and the service is unsurpassed. We especially enjoy the wine happy hour with a great variety of cheeses and fruit, offered every night, complimentary on their terrace overlooking the old city. After enjoying a great dinner at one of the many fine restaurants, this last visit Perigino's, fantastic, we enjoy their roof top pool for a swim under the stars before retiring. We often reccomend to our guests arriving in San Juan to stay at the El Convento before traveling to the west coast. It's no wonder this hotel is rated #1 by tripadvior, it clearly deserves it. To anyone visiting our beautiful Isalnd, before you head to the beaches, spend one or two nights first here, you won't regret it!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>forestwind
<Content>Surprising Stumbles for a Great Hotel We had a great deal of trouble checking in. The first woman was not very smart. We were sent out for lunch. Then told it would be another hour. Then another two hours. At 4 o'clock, we were really hot and uncomfortable. We demanded they find a room or find us another hotel. A pleasant and competent woman took over, got us a room on the 4th floor facing the tiny pool. We liked our room. However, the next problem arose because we asked the front desk to find us a day tour of El Yunque. We were told it would cost more to use a credit card, it would cost more because the minibus had to go out of its way to pick us up. We agreed to $50 a person. The minibus was on time and the trip was fine. But on the way back we learned that others were charged $40 apiece, that they wanted to go to the airport immediately (with us in tow), and the driver did not have credit card slips (and first denied accepting credit card), then he put $55 on the bill for each of us! Well, we left the minibus in Condado to avoid the airport, we got a cab back to El Convento, and we demanded to know how El Convento could have chosen to deal with such a tour outfit. We never received a reply. El Convento has an obligation to look after its guests by choosing to deal with reputable tour organizers.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JuliusNomad
<Content>Excellent hotel, full of old world charm El Convento was the perfect place for my wife and me to stay for the first night of our honeymoon. We also got a good price through Hotels. We arrived early at 12pm and mentioned to the front desk that this was the first night of our honeymoon; they were very courteous and put us in a lovely room (#519) on the top floor which has the biggest private terrace in the hotel. In the evening when we returned from dinner and our paseo (evening stroll) we found on our bed a large heart-shape made out of rose petals, with a rose in the middle and two chocolates, together with a card welcoming us and wishing us well. When we were walking out of the room in our bathrooms (heading for the pool) we discovered an ice bucket with a bottle of champagne and two glasses -- a very thoughtful gesture from the night manager. The hotel itself is beautiful and charming, located in the middle of Old San Juan, adjacent to a large church and beautiful square, and a short walk along blue tinted cobblestones and Havana-like street scenes to historic buildings and boutique stores. We mentioned our plan to travel the next day to the islands of Culebra and Vieques (collectively known as the 鈥淪panish Virgin Islands鈥? located about 30 miles west of the US Virgin Island of St Thomas) -- Carlos at the front desk quickly called Avis for us and arranged for hotel pickup to their car rental office, securing a competitive price of $58 (including tax) for a one way rental to Fajardo. This rate is slightly lower than the $60-70 you pay if you travel by taxi, and allowed us to visit the rain forest en route. Lastly, we should mention the complementary wine and cheese in the evening -- which gave us the opportunity to mingle with other guests and look out from the third floor to the church -- and complementary breakfast. We greatly appreciate the excellent and thoughtful service of the staff of El Convento; they made our visit truly memorable.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El Convento is the best! It's a gorgeous old hotel, worth every penny. We got a good deal through Hotels, so it's worth checking around online. The rooms are gorgeous, the courtyard unbelievable, and the amenities spot-on. What a wonderful staff, too. Can't wait to go again!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dm2123
<Content>A lovely hotel, believe the reviews My husband and I just returned from a lovely stay at the Hotel El Convento.This was a suprise trip for my birthday and was originally set for a stay at the Water Club, but after reading other traveler's horror stories we changed the reservation to El Convento. I could not have been happier. The hotel is very charming and conveniently located in Old San Juan. We checked in at 12:30 am and our room was ready, the bed had been turned down for us and soft music was playing upon our entrance to the room. Our room was on the fifth floor, which is the highest floor and had a nice view of the city, the bay and mountains in the distance. The room was very clean, as well as the bathroom. The food in the hotel was excellent. I did have one gripe and please ask the hotel about this before choosing a room.There was a very large wedding in the hotel on Saturday night. The noise during the wedding reception was not nearly as bad as afterwards. Our room was located somewhat near the elevator and by the pool area (which is on the fourth floor). The wedding guests brought their party to the hallways and the pool area and loudly carried on until 5:30 am. The air conditioner was a bit noisy, so it thankfully drowed out some of the noise, but it was a bit ridiculous. So, I suggest if there is any function, such as a wedding in the hotel, ask for a room towards the back of the hotel to avoid a possible sleepless night. I know some people have commented about the pool being extremely small. Well, it is, but we happened to be the only people there most the time. On Sundays, you can hear parishioners singing spanish hymns in the church across the street if you are on the pool deck. Our room also had doors that opened up to a mini terrace, and we were treated to live music from a nearby festival. I definitely reccomend this hotel - the staff was very polite, and you really are in the middle of all the action. I swear by the reviews on this site, so thank you for the all the reviews that helped me choose and experience this nice hotel. Happy travels.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Juanka2000
<Content>El Convento, simply gorgeous My wife and I stayed at El Convento for our anniversary night. I can only say that I can't wait to return for another stay. The hotel is very charming and romantic. The staff is very helpful and they take care to all the details so you can have a very unique stay.The hotel offers an excellent wine and cheese in the evening. This is not the usual wine and cheese you are used to. They will offer several different labels of wine and arround three to four kinds of cheeses, of course, grapes and crackers are also offered. You will enjoy all this in a beautiful terrace overlooking a small plaza just in fron of the Old San Juan Cathedral.The rooms are well appointed with all the ammenities you are used to find in luxury hotels, although they are not huge, they are very charming and add up to the enchantment. During our stay, the staff went the extra mile and decorated our bed with yellow rose petals and a solitary rose, WHAT A DETAIL! As we stayed in the 5ft. floor, we had an excellent view of the San Juan Bay and harbour.In the 4th floor you can find a jacuzzi and a small pool in a very cozy terrace. In the morning, we had breakfast at the hotel's Caf茅 del Nispero. We ordered the continental breakfast. We were expecting the usual toast, juice and coffee. Instead, we received a fresh fruit cocktail, assortment of pastries and fruit jam, toast, juice, and coffee. Wow, this is an enhanced continental breakfast.The checkout was quick without any hassle.I deffinitely recommend this hotel and will certainly stay again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Piolina
<Content>Charming, perfect location! We just came back from San Juan and stayed one night at El Convento. Our assigned room wasn't ready and they moved us to the top floor, one of the best rooms with fabulous views of the city, right above the pool area. I loved the details: bottled water in the fridge, bath robes and high speed internet. Plus, the wine and cheese reception was exceptional. But the best of all was that they filled our room with rose petals because they knew we were celebrating our anniversary. That was priceless! The only negative things I could say are that the room and bathroom weren't exactly clean, the A/C was not working in the morning due to maintenance and we were told breakfast was not included in our rate (although most reviews here talked about free breakfast). But, I must say that we got a really good rate through their website and I cannot complain for what we got. The hotel is beautiful, the staff is friendly and the location is unbeatable. I would definitely stay there again and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in the Old San Juan!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant and enchantingl I recently stayed at Hotel El Convento for six nights. I found it to be an enchanting visit. The hotel is unique, historic and beautiful. Right across from the cathedral and in the historic quarter of Old San Juan, the hotel offers beautiful architectural detail, a service oriented staff and a setting that is relaxing and elegant. My room was quite comfortable with a view that looked out over Fortaleza (Govenors's Mansion). The pool, though small, offered a wonderful view of Old San Juan and the port. The interior of the hotel was historic with beautiful marble floors, furniture and art. The courtyard below was lush and shaded by a magnificant tree. On the thrid floor terrace there was a wonderful outdoor patio which served as a great place to read and relax as well as a library room with internet access. Each night at 6:00 Hotel Convento has an incredible wine and cheese gathering for guests. So nice to visit with new friends each night and the wine and cheese was quite generous. The staff were wonderful and gracious. Every effort is made to meet guests needs and make them feel comfortable. And each night, your bed is turned down and wonderful choclates on the pillow. I found the Hotel Convento to be a delightful and magical.James  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zsazsa77
<Content>Fabulous hotel in unbeatable location!       Courtyard at night  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>positives exceed negatives I own a small historic inn and I like to stay at historic properties when I travel. I spent two weeks El Convento; long enough to get a real feel for the place. Here's what I found. You can't beat the location if the ambiance of the old city is what you're looking for. I stayed in a room on the second floor overlooking the square in front of the hotel. The room was large and had a ceiling that must have been twenty feet high! I loved it. (rooms on the third and fourth floors were added to the top of the old convent and don't have quite the same antique feel as the second floor) The room was clean, the bed comfortable, the bath small, but more than adaquate. The maid service was good, twice a day, and I really appreciated the in-room internet connection for my laptop. I found the staff to be genuinely freindly and helpful. I would have no problem recommending the hotel for a stay of any length. However, my stay was not without a few problems. I read other reviews that mention faulty airconditioning. Mine worked but was very noisy. I suspected a bent fan blade hitting a shroud, the sort of thing that can be fixed with a screwdriver. I reported it, a repairman came promptly, agreed with the diagnosis, but claimed to be unqualified to fix it. He promised the regular maintenance crew would be in the next day and take care of it. They didn't come that day or any other. After a week of excuses I used a coin to remove the screws holding the grill, reached in and fixed it myself. Noise can be a problem. Most rooms are situated away from the busy street but noise echos around the small streets easily. My room was fitted with an extra window pane that cut down the noise but did not eliminate it. A bigger problem was the Hotel's practice of renting ground floor space for wedding receptions and other functions on the weekends. The noise from one party did not end until after one AM. I would recommend a set of ear plugs just in case.These annoyances aside, I enjoyed my stay and would stay again.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reich45
<Content>Wonderful staff. Magnificent hotel. What a magnificent hotel. The staff are wonderful and really made us feel welcome. They smiled (not something that happens at all hotels!), were generally very helpful and stopped to pass the time of day with us. The staff are a real asset at this hotel and we cannot praise them enough.The hotel is situated in old San Juan and the building dates back several centuries. An excellent job has been done in converting the building to a hotel and the rooms were a pleasure to stay in. The hotel is conveniently situated for the shops and sites of old San Juan.The restaurants at the hotel were good. The breakfast area is particularly pleasant and the continental breakfast, with fresh fruit, is enjoyable. The wine and cheese evenings (free) offer good quality produce and the staff are very helpful in dealing with requests and questions.This is one of the few hotels that I would recommend without any hesitation. I would certainly love to visit it again.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>klbozeman
<Content>Like a setting from an old movie! My husband and I stayed here after a cruise in early May. From the moment we arrived, we were absolutely amazed by the beauty of this place, both in the public areas and in the guest rooms themselves. The history of this hotel, with its beginnings as a convent and its many different incarnations as hotels over the years, only adds to its charm. This is definitely one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at, and we hope to return very soon! Unlike other reviewers, we experienced truly outstanding service and had no problems at all with our room, which featured Spanish tile floors, British Colonial-style furniture, and a charming window with floor-to-ceiling shutters that swung open and let you peer out over a flower-filled window box onto the cobblestone street below.But the most outstanding feature of the hotel has to be the courtyard, a lush tropical space filled with flowers and an incredibly old tree right in the center. Many of the buildings in Old San Juan have these types of courtyards, but of all the ones we saw, the one at the El Convento was the most beautiful. There are 2 restaurants situated right in the courtyard itself. We had a delicious lunch under an umbrella at one of them, El Picoteo, and ate tapas while sipping pina coladas, which were invented in San Juan. The location of the hotel is also ideal--right across the street from the historic Cathedral of San Juan. (From the hotel pool deck balcony, we sat and heard the sounds of Spanish-language hymns wafting from the cathedral's open doors during a Saturday evening mass.) It's also within easy walking distance of the El Morro fort and all the rest of the great attractions in Old San Juan.The front desk staff was helpful and friendly, allowing us to check in at 11 a.m., well before the stated check-in time, and telling us about events that were happening in the area that weekend. They were also a big help when we had to check out at 5 a.m. to catch a flight; there was no trouble getting a taxi or a bellman to help with luggage. Along with the many churches and governmental buildings, the El Convento is on all of the tourist maps as a bona fide tourist attraction in Old San Juan, but if you are visiting San Juan for its colorful history and charm, go one better and book a room here as your home base.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definetly not luxury treatment Ok, where to start? The El Convento is a lovely hotel in historic Old San Juan, from a visual perspective. It is ideally located for walking around Old San Juan, close to many shops, restaurants, and historic sites. They also have a very nice daily wine and cheese tasting, as well as a nice complimentary continental breakfast in the morning. Unfortunately, for a hotel priding itself on being a member of the small luxury hotels of the world category, it fails to live up to those expectations of luxury when it comes to service.We arrived as a post-cruise package around noon, and were told that our rooms weren't quite ready yet and were told to check back in about an hour. That one hour turned into over 3 hours, as rooms were not ready until after 3 pm. The rooms themselves were large and roomy, with a nice-sized bathroom as well. The room my wife and I were given had a malfunctioning air conditioner, (there was also another member in our party whose air conditioning was not working) something we did not bring to the concierge's attention due to us just being so tired the first day, we took a long nap that night. When we did notify the front desk the following morning around 8 am as we were getting ready to go out for the day, we were told that they would get maintenance to check it out. When we returned to the hotel in mid-afternoon, the air conditioning was still not working. When I called again, the concierge said she would speak to her supervisor very quickly and then call me right back. Thirty minutes later after I called them again (and about 10 minutes after my wife had gone down to the desk to speak to them again about the air conditioning), we were told that they would assign us a different room.After 3 different calls to let the porter know we were ready to have our luggage taken to the new room, we were finally situated in a room with temperature control. It seems like a minor irritation, but they (a) either didn't check it out at all after we originally asked them to, or (b) knew it wasn't working and weren't going to do anything about it until we pestered the front desk staff enough.Our check out problems were the the biggest problems, though. Checking out itself wasn't a problem, but catching our taxis to the airport with all of our luggage was another situation. We checked out of the hotel at noon, and had arranged for our luggage to be held (with claim checks) until 1 pm for our transport to the airport. Taxis didn't arrive until closer to 1:30, and only when we got to the airport did we realize that we were missing 2 bags still, one my wife's, one belonging to my sister. My sister had to ride back to the hotel with the taxi driver to pick up the missing luggage, which the hotel staff told her was left on a chair by where we were sitting waiting for the taxis, as though we left them behind and forgot to grab them. I'm still trying to figure out how this could be since they were bags that had been checked in with the porter staff and once we gave the bags to them, they never left their custody. Its obvious that they forgot to pull them when they loaded the taxis, regardless of the excuse they offered of where they found the bags.My best advice for anyone looking to stay at El Convento? Visually pleasing, and ideally located if you want to stay in Old San Juan. However, the quality of service is severly lacking and very indifferent. I'm sure that for the price, you can find better accomodations elsewhere in San Juan, especially in the Isla Verde area. If and when my wife and I return to San Juan, our accomodations will definetly be elsewhere other than El Convento. *Note: This hotel was booked by our travel agent, who acknowledged beforehand she was not strongly familiar with San Juan and its accomodations*  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marham
<Content>Fabulous, Intimate hotel This is a great hotel in Old San Juan -- close to everything -- staff was more than accommodating. Great views of the inner-courtyard; and higher rooms have ocean views. Free internet use; great continental breakfast in the morning; wonderful restaurants and bars.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We LOVED this unique hotel!!! This hotel was so wonderful to stay at! The staff was OVERLY helpful with our plans and in getting a higher floor room. This hotel is located in the perfect part of Old San Juan. It was absolutely beautiful! We would for sure stay here again on our next trip. Thanks to TripAdvisor we stayed here rather than some of our other options! So thanks to all who write reviews.This hotel is a MUST if your looking to stay in San Juan, Puerto Rico!!!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sar_tor
<Content>Heavenly Spot On the way home from our honeymoon in Grenada we had a stop-over in San Juan and missed our connecting flight, so the airline put us up at El Convento for the evening. What a gem of a hotel! The rooms are clean, the staff friendly, and the location superb, and best of all the place has such character and charm. Plus, the tapas restaurant is terrific - such yummy sangria! We loved this hotel so much we are considering a return trip for our first anniversary this coming summer -- one night at El Convento was not nearly enough.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Love This Place and I can't stop thinking about it since I've been back home. I have a completely different view of old San Juan having seen it both at sunset and sunrise and I'll be going back vey soon.If you'e looking for a slick style delivery like only what's ordinarily the product of one of the bigger hotel chains this place is probably not for you. I mean my TV remote didn't work and I also heard what might have been a neighboring toilet flush very early in the morning and to some of you those two things alone might be enough for a deal breaker but El Convento is so beautiful and interesting and soothing that frankly I didn't much care about either. So if you want something different but very upscale, literary without being snobbish, if you want to see how really beautiful and sleepy old San Juan is early in the morning or you would enjoy reading at the end of the day on the veranda underneath the shaded rawd iron gazebo enjoying an afternoon coffee or tea while overlooking the 400 year old pastel yellow Cathedral of San Juan you'd love the El Convento Hotel.I'll be back . . . I loved the room, the food, the privacy, the tapas bar, the ambiance, how the palm trees and lush foliage played with the light all day long providing the most interesting spaces throughout the property. I loved the multi level terraces, the colorful flowers and that beautiful little square right outside. If I could make one request it would be that maybe a few vegan or macrobiotic type dishes would be added to whats already a delicious menu just so people who really like to eat light or smart or vegan can find lets say a soy burger or veggie burger or mahi mahi burger or a seitan or tempeh dish. No need to make a big deal about it but it would be great to know its there . . . and I bet many of your guests would like to have a chnage of pace every now and then. I think if you keep in mind what the El Convento Hotel is and more importantly what it is not, you'll have an unforgettable experience staying there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EmilieV7
<Content>Relaxed sophistication, great service My husband and I stayed here in March when our flight to Guadeloupe was cancelled and we found ourselves stuck in San Juan for a night. Our stay could not have been nicer. From the moment we arrived we loved this place. Gorgeous hotel with soaring ceilings, Spanish arches and a stunning courtyard around which the rooms are built. This place manages to combine the best of old world elegance with contemporary style. And, the added bonus is that the service from all staff we encountered (including waiters in the restaurant) was efficient, warm and hospitable. We arrived about 10:30 PM starving and were delighted with the tapas restaurant. The rooms are a tad on the small side but the ambiance, service and sheer good taste more than compensate. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet Elegance ! ! ! ! ! We are big Short Vacation people and this was the best !Our four days and three nights could not have been better. The room, pool, wine  cheese parties, food, furnishings, art work, statuary etc. were all outstanding but the best part of all were the people--------- they catered to our every need and made us feel relaxed and comfortable. Thank you all and we'll see you again. Mary Anne  Bill  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Small Hotel !!!! Wow,This place was so pretty and charming, so much character. It's hard to find such places these days to stay in. The service was great - the conceirge (sp?) was so helpful in booking tours . . . we went with Rafeal to the rainforest - it was great !We didn't eat at the restaurant but the courtyard and rooms were lovely. The free wine and cheese was awesome.If you want charm, history, great hotel - stay here ! If you are looking for huge pools with swim up bars and slides - stay away !!!!!!!!!!!One of the best i have stayed in - period.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seattlebarb
<Content>Charming hotel in Old San Juan The El Convento is a charming hotel in the heart of Old San Juan, Puerto Rico. The hotel is a converted convent. The rooms are charming, but small. There is beautiful courtyard in the center for dining and drinks. There is also a tapas bar in the hotel. The hotel is within walking distance of all the shops and the cruise ship port. We did not eat in the restaurants as we were with a convention, but the food catered by the hotel was great. Friends did tell us that the tapas bar was very good. The staff was very helpful and courteous. We enjoyed our visit very much.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your money and stay elsewhere We recently stayed at this hotel on the recommendation of a relative that lives locally. The room was clean, but smaller than anticipated. The first night went fine, but the second night (Thursday) there was booming music until the early morning hours from the bar/restaurant on the property. We requested a room change the 3rd night and were pleased with a larger room in the quieter part of the hotel. The gym consists of a couple of tread mills, some older cardio equipment and a weight room. Hardly worthy of mention.The problems with this hotel were as follows:1) We had them book a tour for us and were told we would be picked up at 8:45 am. At 9:15, still no sign of our tour, so we went inside to inquire. As it turned out, the tour company called the previous day to say they would not be coming until 9:30 and OOPS! the hotel lost the message. An hour of our precious vacation time wasted.2) We asked the hotel to transfer our luggage from the 1st room to the 2nd room while we were out for the day. When we got back from the beach, all we wanted was a hot shower, but we had no clothes to change into. We called the front desk to inquire about our bags, and were assured they were on their way. 15 minutes later, no bags, a second call. They're coming. 15 minutes later, I walked downstairs and got my own bags and hauled them upstairs myself.3) They did offer a decent continental breakfast, but some of the wait staff was inhospitable. Overall, first, I would expect better service for the price. Second, while the hotel was very cute, historical, and well situated, it wasn't worth the price we paid. Save your money and stay in Isla Verde or Condado. It will be money well spent.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morningstar2
<Content>El Convento is delightful Stayed here one night before our cruise and it was delightful. The rooms and baths are small but are lovely. You get the feeling you are staying in a Spanish parador. The evening wine reception was a hit and the breakfast was wonderful. If you want to be in old San Juan the location is perfect. Looking forward to my next visit. Only negative was checking in, if I did not read about the evening reception and breakfast before I arrived I would not have know about it from the front desk. Other than that I would have given it an excellent.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tcohn
<Content>Service needs MAJOR work Where do I begin? Overrun with cruise passengers and fully booked during our two nights there, the problems just never ended. An incomplete list: No vouchers provided for breakfast, even though we had pre/post cruise package [which stated breakfast included, but failed to disclose that gratuities on breakfast were extra]. Had to wait for table at breakfast -- a first anywhere. Incorrectly told we could charge Piscoteo restaurant bill to our room account--that proved embarrassing and inconvenient after dinner, since we relied on this info and brought nothing with us to dinner, and had to go to room and back in order to pay. Wake-up call scheduled both mornings, didn't receive wake-up call either morning, even when we were promised with manual wake up the second morning. No turn-down service second night, even when requested at front desk before going out for dinner. I could go on, but you get the idea.Nice-looking hotel, in charming Old San Juan, but these and countless other little problems arose [in just 48 hours!], at a four-star hotel where these things should never even happen. Old San Juan sorely needs a competitor to this place, in the same category. They've clearly sold out to the lucrative cruise ship add-on market, and the zoo-like atmosphere this creates, with resulting lapses in service, over and over.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nancyandashesh
<Content>Beautiful, quiet, luxurious....small rooms We stayed at El Convento from February 22-24, 2005. We got a good deal on hotels ($180 per night) and decided to splurge. Check-in was fast, concierge announced we'd gotten an upgrade (cool!) to a partial suite. Our room was 305, and wow was it gorgeous. Two full-length windows looking out on the cathedral plaza, an inlaid-marble dining table with six chairs, several cushy chairs, tv, fridge, sideboard, buffet table, two coffee tables, two chandeliers...it was a large, very medieval-atmosphered suite. There were even tapestries and real candles. The bathroom was small but all marble. But then we noticed the bed--the sofa had been pulled out into a full-size sofa bed. We tried to open the door we assumed went into the bedroom, but it was locked--and we realized what partial suite meant--the doors had been closed and someone else was being rented the bedroom part of the suite for the night. The sofa bed was rather lumpy and small, but we liked the rest of the room so much we decided to deal with it. (We slept terribly, since we both kept falling to the sunken-in middle of the bed). And the person in the room on the other side was laughing along with her tv, so my husband and I had a loud conversation about the weather so she'd realize we could hear her and she quieted down. So that was the only drawback, but we did choose to keep that room rather than switch to another, because we had seen several of those other rooms on the way in, and could tell from that and from the floor plan on our room door that the vast majority of the rooms are quite small, though nicely furnished. The complimentary breakfast included juice, fruit plate, hot or cold cereal, and basket of breads and danishes--much more than we could eat--served in the beautiful courtyard. The 6-8 pm wine and cheese reception is awesome: 8 wines, crackers, 4 cheeses, grapes--we didn't go out for dinner that night because we filled up on their delicious (and free) offerings, which we ate on the rooftop terrace by the pool, listening to the fountains and watching the stars. Even though the hotel is on a plaza, it's so very quiet! And the complimentary water bottles and tea and coffee available at all hours from the lounge area on the third floor was fantastic. Free internet access computer use there too. (Ask for a room on the third floor so you'll have easiest access to all this.)We ate in the hotel's Spanish tapas restaurant, the sangria was amazing, the tapas ok, but very convenient courtyard location after a full day of flying. The concierge was very helpful with suggesting other places to eat, as she had a large book full of restaurant menus. In all, highly recommend, but be prepared for small rooms. The complimentary extras here make all the difference--take advantage of the wine  cheese reception, and the breakfast, and the lounge area, and enjoy the decadent step back in time.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding service, location, facilities       View from one of the rooms we stayed.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gungadin
<Content>Romance in San Juan We were at the El Convento on February 4. We were celebrating our anniversary and that evening the hotel filled our whole room with red and white rose petals! The service was great--the room beautiful . I would not stay anywhere else in San Juan.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gabriels
<Content>Fabulous Just spent six nights at El Convento. Outstanding! This is a great restored 350 year old convent. Ideally located so you can easily take walking tours of Old San Juan. We had a great harbor view (4th or 5th floor). Hanging gardens, terraces, Palm trees and flowers gave it great ambience. Try their restaurant which serves Tapas. We also recommend the Amedeus (Puerto Rican) and La Chaumiere (French) resturants which are close by. If you like antiques go to El Alcazar on Calle San Jose. We shall return!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful ambience, service needs work We just spent 5 nights at El Convento (Dec. 28 - Jan 2). For starters, the location is perfect, and we loved the atmosphere of the hotel. It was very peaceful, our 4th floor room had a lovely view, and we enjoyed twice daily maid service, lounging on the pool deck (never crowded) and the evening wine and cheese.However, customer service left a lot to be desired. We booked online through the hotel website and received an email confirmation. However, when I called El Convento to confirm, they had no record of our reservation. If you book online, definitely make sure you confirm with the hotel as well! We too found the concierge to be incompetent. We called multiple times before our trip to inquire about New Years Eve reservations and were told they would be taken care of, but this was never done. The concierge was unable to recommend restaurants to us, and many times told us reservations were made when in fact they weren't. We found the concierge to be the biggest disappointment at El Convento, expect to do research and make arrangements yourself.Despite this, the positives of the hotel outweight the negatives, and we would stay at El Convento again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PERFECT We chose to stay at El Convento based upon other reviewers' comments and other recommendations for our honeymoon in October. We were very satisfied. From the beautiful building to the great neighborhood, the cheese and wine and El Picoteo, the great views from the roof and our well decorated, cozy room, the hotel was a perfect place to begin our journey in Puerto Rico. A great place to explore the Old City from, the hotel is close to some great restaurants, the fort, and shopping. We loved the hotel and if we ever come back to the island we will be sure to include El Convento in our plans.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Old San Juan We stayed at the El Convento for 5 nights (December 6-11, 2004). We were pleasantly suprised upon our arrival and our experience only got better from there. We stayed on the 4th floor and had a nice view of the bay. The room was clean and very quiet, and well kept during our stay. We were amazed that we couldn't hear any noise from outside the room. Our room was nicely furnished and the bathroom was very nice as well. The hotel jacuzzi/pool area was convenient and not busy, offering a good view. The evening wine/cheese gathering was wonderful including outdoor seating and view of Old San Juan and the streets below. We got a good room rate on LuxRes. Our only disapointment was that the breakfast that had been advertised to be part of the room rate was no longer included, with no apologies from the staff. But, our in-room fridge came in handy for our own breakfasts overlooking the courtyard. We really enjoyed our stay here. A perfect base for exploring Old San Juan on foot, as we did each day and night. Would definitely stay here again, and hope to!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed!! We just spent 3 nights at El Convento and we left VERY disappointed. I'm not the kind of person to write something negative, yet, before you book read this review.The positive. Charming, quaint and good in-city location. The evening wine tasting was quite nice! The roof top deck has an amazing view, though just know that there are only 7 lawn chairs and the pool is the size of most Jacuzzi tubs.Bottom line, it鈥檚 not nice as people are portraying in their reviews. The bathrooms are run down and needing renovation as well as the rooms in general. If the service was extraordinary, then the 鈥渜uaintness鈥?would have changed my perception of the hotel. The concierges were incompetent, failed to book restaurants when requested and when recommended one to us, was horrible. I also questioned why there were so many police officers during the day in the street around the hotel, yet were barely any security guards visible at night. We just expected more and were very disappointed. My recommendation, stay at the Ritz. PS. If you do book, you can get a cheaper rate through the Cruise company than if you book via online.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique! Anyone who as ever stayed at a Small Luxury Hotels of The World property will know exactly what to expect from this unique hotel in Old San Juan. If you want to be surrounded by the old world charm and ambience of Viejo San Juan, in a very nicely run and very comfortable hotel, this is the place to stay. If you like more of a posh resort type atmoshpere stay in the Ritz Carlton in Isla Verde. If you do stay here, try to get a room on the 5th floor, from number 510 - 515 as these all have beautiful private views of old San Juan and the ocean as well.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service Our stay at El Convento was excellent. We spent 5 nights here and have no complaints. The rooms are a bit small but it is all part of the charm. We cannot say enough good things about the service we received from the front desk. They had wonderful suggestions for dinner and arranged any tour we requested without a hitch. Would recommend this hotel to honeymooners especially.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kkl
<Content>You'll feel pampered My family (with 3 children) spent a week exploring Vieques- wonderful snorkeling, wild ponies, the extraordinary bioluminescent bay, miles of deserted beaches, picturesque towns, surprisingly good restaurants. But we wanted to end our Puerto Rico adventure with some city life, so we chose El Convento in Old San Juan. We came in literally dripping sand and sea water and were treated royally. Our rooms were spacious and comfortable, great bathrooms with good water pressure in the showers. Lots of little amenities, chocolates on the turned-down beds. A superb breakfast buffet, excellent coffee always available, and a complimentary wine bar in the afternoon. The kids enjoyed the little pool on the roof, and we loved the view up there. The central courtyard is beautiful, with the lights twinkling at night in the huge neem tree, hundreds of fruit bats circling. We loved exploring old San Juan on foot, the architecture, parks and squares, El Morro, the jewelry shops on Calle San Francisco. Our favorite restaurant was Bili, a few blocks from El Convento, where the food is served tapas style. It was packed with diners, the meal itself was an adventure. We hope to return to El Convento someday.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CHARMING BUT NOT THE RITZ This is the place to stay if you are looking for charm local color in the center of Old San Juan and lots of street noice on the weekends. It is not the place to stay if you are looking for luxurious and quiet surroundings. After reading the reviews of this hotel on this website, which I usually trust, I was disappointed. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The staff couldn't have been nicer --they were truly wonderful, turned themselves inside out. Our room, however left a lot to be desired. We stayed in the Casals suite, supposedly one of the nicest suites in the hotel and paid $635/night. While there were some beautiful antiques in the room, the room itself felt very old and tired, the tile on the floor must have been at least 25 years old and so dirty that the dirt was ground in. In areas around the doorways and walls, it was chipping, and looked more like a tenement. The staff at the front desk said the floor in this room was original to the hotel, which I find hard to believe, as that would make it upwards of 350 years old. There was no tile 350 years ago. The bathroom was very small, with no room to store anything, but the shower was great. Marble in the bathroom very old, with very old, dirty caulking around the tub and in between the tiles in the bath.The worst of it was Saturday night -- there was a wedding downstairs that went on to the wee hours of the morning, and it felt like the band was in our room. Impossible to sleep, then at about 5 a.m., some late-leaving drunken guests were screaming outside our window.In all fairness, I asked to see the VAnderbuilt suite. They were very nice about showing it to me and in fact, it looked much cleaner and more comfortable. It had a separate shower, and the floor was a castillo tile, so you could not see ground in dirt. Felt much more cozy and comfortable.Once of the nice things offered by the hotel is a complementary late afternoon cocktail hour -- they serve wine, cheese, crackers, coffee. They also have complementary high speed internet in the lounge. However, there is no room service at all.Bottom line is that I would not stay here again, but only because I prefer more updated, comfortable surroundings. I was expecting something akin to the Ritz, and I was disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mi FAVORITO!!!! El Convento is simply great! We were there on the last night of our honeymoon and they updgraded is to the nicest suite in the hotel. The bathroom was ceiling to floor marble with large hottub with jets and standing shower. Walkin closet...rose pedals on the bed, flatscreen tv...beautifully decorated to put it lightly. The staff was SO friendly and helpful. The wine and cheese in the evening was excellent and the complimentary breakfast was great.Hotel is in a great area for exploring and eating. Tapas restaraunt in hotel was good as well. This was our last stop after being in the caribbean for two weeks and staying at several different places, including cap juluca, and was our favorite bar none! This was our favorite because of the decor, staff, and the wonderful history of the area. Thank you El Convento. We will always come back!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tropicaldan
<Content>Highly Recommended ! We chose the hotel based largely on these tripadvisor guest reviews, and we were not disappointed. We stayed five nights from Nov 8th. The staff were very friendly and efficient, the hotel itself is simply beautiful, the courtyard and its magnificent tree stunning. The fifth floor room was just right, perhaps a little small but we expected that, and with a great view over the bay. No balcony, but this was compensated for by the wide and open balcony running right round the inner courtyard on each floor, and where we could sit in the evening and watch the bats in the tree or gaze over the rooftops of Old San Juan. Great stuff!The hotel organised two tours for us (we did not fancy the driving!) one to El Yunque Rain Forest and the other to the Camuy Caves, and both were very good - small personalised groups and not a huge tour bus. Saw all the hotels in the Condado, but living as we do in the Caribbean anyway, this was not our scene at all, and we are really glad we stayed at El Convento. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! I found the El Convento exceeded all my expectations. The location in Old San Juan is excellent. The hotel has a wonderful historic atmosphere without being shabby. (its most recent renovation is supposed to have cost $275,000 per room) Our room was large with a view of the small park plaza and the Cathedral. In fact, we had balcony seats for a special music/dance performance after Mass on the steps of the Cathedral outside our window. Wine /cheese , breakfast very tasty and there is free internet access in the library/lounge. We enjoyed the rooftop pool and hot tub. There is a harbor view and we watched the cruise ships glide past at night. So many nooks and crannies with a large inner courtyard which cant be captured in pictures.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scarlettk
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great location I was surprised at how beautiful this hotel was - because often old historic buildings converted to hotels don't really work out. There are several really pretty restaurants/bars in courtyard, and the small pool/jacuzzi on 4th floor has a nice view - it's like a roof pool. Some rooms have views of bay, but other than that, they were normal basic rooms. I noticed that room classifications listed on Expedia weren't accurate, and would recommend booking directly through hotel reservations if you want something different than basic room - which has 2 twin beds. Also, rooms have high-speed internet.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arlyjb
<Content>Lovely hotel My husband and I just returned today from staying at El Convento. It's a lovely hotel in the middle of Old San Juan. The hotel is beautifully decorated and across the street from the Cathedral. History just permeates the place. There's lots of extra's such as a stereo in the room, magnifying mirror in the bathroom, turn down service, wine and cheese from 6 - 7 and friendly staff who aim to please. We recommend this hotel. Old San Juan is nice for about two days.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El Convento Es Muy Bien! This hotel is outstanding! The service is top shelf quality from the minute you walk through the main door. The breakfast on the patio is a great way to start off your morning in Old San Juan. The pool is quite small, but a great place to sneak in a quick siesta. The hotel restaurants are very good, and there are several other restaurants within a short walking distance. The wine and cheese hour at 6:00 was a relaxing way to begin each evening. We got a rate of $145 per night directly off of their web site, and were upgraded to a fifth floor executive room. Our room faced the harbor, and we saw a few nice sunsets. We stayed here because of the many wonderful reviews, and are very glad we did. If you want to experience the best of Old San Juan, El Convento will deliver.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Bats, The Bats, The Bats I don't think people have mentioned how cool the bats are here. They feed every night on the little crabapple-like fruits from a 300 year old tree in the courtyard. If you find a good spot, you can sit and stay still and they will fly right up to you. Worth the price of admission just for that. Also, this hotel really isnt that expensive. $159 through expedia---, and if you factor in the free breakfast and all you can drink wine and cheese hour, you end up with a really great deal.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Great Hotel Awesome Hotel, Small, intimate, great rooms, great staff and good restaurants all in one package. Located right in the heart of old San Juan, walk everywhere. I will stay here every trip to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful Stayed at El Convento for 3 nights before a trip to Vieques. We were SO impressed! We had heard so many bad things about San Juan that we almost did not want to stay over one night, but are so glad we did. We have both traveled extensively and been to some remote places so thought San Juan might be boring (we had heard it was a little Cancun-esque with all the hotels and cruise ships).I think staying at El Convento made all the difference. It's location - right in Old San Juan couldn't be better. [The architecture in Old SJ reminded us of Havana]. It's beautiful, and located right across from a park and adjacent to a cathedral. The streets outside are cobblestone. There were 2 weddings at the cathedral when we were there, and we could hear the music while enjoying a glass of wine from the honor bar on the veranda overlooking the park/cathedral.The room we had was somewhat small, but the ceilings were high and it served its purpose. The breakfast was hearty and we loved sitting out on the veranda in the morning with coffee (as well as evenings). The staff was great and helpful, making reservations for us a recommended restaurants, and even booking flights for us to Vieques. We ate lunch at the courtyard restaurant, and also the Paella restaurant on the second floor (forget the names), both tasty.We were debating between staying here and at the Ritz Carlton (on the beach - you know what to expect), and are SO happy we chose El Convento. I think it gave us a different perspective on San Juan!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mayme
<Content>El Convento I loved El Convento. It is the most charming hotel I have experienced. Contrary to my fears, I did not in the least miss the expansive pools or polished interiors of more modern hotels. Its location in Old San Juan was great for milling around shops and touring the forts. Rent a car for the beach and other excursions. The wine and cheese hour and continental breakfast were unexpected treats. I was fortunate to get a good rate and plan to stay there on all my visits to San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the El Convento The El Convento was wonderful! My wife and I spent 2 nights of our Puerto Rican honeymoon in Old San Juan in the luxury of the El Convento. It truely is a small luxury hotel. We particularly enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast as well as the evening wine and cheese. The crown jewel of the stay was during the first night's turndown service. As we arrived back from dinner, we were greated by a sprinkling of yellow and red rose petals on our turned-down bed. It really made us feel that they cared about our stay!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cousteau
<Content>Gorgeous!! Great staff Staff is very helpful  bilingual. Beautiful center courtyard, peaceful w/ 2 levels of eating, relaxing. Tapas bar overlooks courtyard. Complimentary wine bar and snacks at happy hour, continental breakfast in a.m. Eating area is small as are the rooms. Pool 10 ft X 6 ft, but quite pool area overlooking bay. If you are looking for sterile, big rooms, stay away. Rooms furnished with antiques. Despite room size, it is one of prettier, quiet, European hotels I have stayed in. Location is in center of Old San Juan - very convenient for walking to the area sites.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Home-y This has to be one of the best hotels I've stayed at. It's not huge and very homey. Right across the street from a Catholic church. I saw two local weddings that took place there and had their reception at El Convento's court yard. Very cool. The rooms were fairly sized. Our's over looked the bay and swimming pool. I definitely recommend it to everyone. And it's walking distance to all the shops. GUESS, RALPH LAUREN, and all sorts of local cuisine as well as a few French restaurants.   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>niwilli
<Content>Good choice This is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are small but clean and nicely appointed. We ate at two of the resturants and they were delicious but too expensive I felt. But you will be able to convince yourself it was worth it...NOTE: If you staying at this hotel on a Monday, everything in the neighborhood is closed, and we did not find another restaurant open. I don't know if it was a state holiday but we were bothered when we had to eat at the hotel again -but the food was great. Check on this if you plan to be there on a Monday.The pool is quite small, not meant for more than one couple at at time, so don't plan for laps. The outdoor whirlpool was perfectly fine.Be sure to vists the old Spanish military forts a few blocks away...Be wary of the cab drivers... Someone wanted to charge us $80.00 to drive us to the rainforests, so we skipped that.   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL HOTEL!! We stayed at this hotel in August, 2003 (pre/post Caribbean Cruise). This was our second time staying at the hotel since we had visited the hotel during our honeymoon in 1991. This hotel is beautiful!! We love the decorative steps, tiles, and art throughout the hotel. The breakfast buffet and evening snacks was nice. The front desk staff and bell staff were helpful. The location in Old San Juan is great. If you are traveling with children, the wonderful San Juan Children's Museum is a few steps from the front entrance. Since we stayed at the hotel twice in August, we were able to experience two very different types of room. Our first room was probably the basic room for the hotel which is very nice when compared to other San Juan hotels. The room was clean, nicely decorated and comfortable. When we returned for our second stay in August, they upgraded us to a suite which was incredible!! (at no additional cost--since this was our 2nd honeymoon and we stayed at the hotel for our 1st honeymoon--it was very thoughful). We have traveled to Europe, Africa, Asia, United States, Caribbean, Canada and South America. The suite was the most beautiful room that we have ever experienced! The suite was the size of an apartment, very spacious, beautiful decor, sunken whirlpool tub, huge closet, etc. It was the perfect way to end our San Juan trip--I still look at the photos and video of this dream suite. We look forward to returning to this outstanding hotel in the future!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best hotel ever The El Covento is the most beautyful hotel I know. I stayed last year two times at the Caribbian Hilton, but the El Covento is over the Top. Stayed there from 05/17/04 until 05/21/04 and had a wonderful time. The room was wonderful decorated, clean - perfect; a very helpfull und lovely staff, a great place in Old San Juan and really everything was perfect. I hope to return very soon to this little Paradise in Old San Juan.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little jewel! The Hotel El Convento is just a wonderful little jewel. Spotless rooms and public areas, friendly, helpful staff, wonderful views, quiet and serene. I would highly recommend it to anyone. The continental breakfast was always fresh and plentiful and the complimentary wine and cheese from 6:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. was a wonderful treat. It is centrally located to everything in Old San Juan. El Picoteo - the tapas restaurant in the hotel - is well worth the visit. Cannot say anything negative about our stay here. (May 20-23, 2004)  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adored El Convento....Just the Best!!! I took a group on a cruise in May 2003. The return flight home was overbooked and USAir gave us vouchers for El Convento Hotel. The six of us who received vouchers had the best of times at El Convento. The service was excellent, they gave us toothbrushes and tooth paste (our luggage went on to BWI). The room was so precious. The view spectacular. The food at Las Tappas was delicious. The continental breakfast the next morning was very nice.The view from the balcony was so serene. My husband and I and another couple sat and conversed for the better part of an hour. We never felt that there was a rush for us to do something or go somewhere. I don't know if it was the fact that the hotel was a former convent, but I was so relaxed.I cannot say enough about this hotel. I can't wait to recommend the hotel to others and I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location El Convento is perfectly located next door to the Cathedral and in the middle of Old San Juan. The interesting history of the hotel adds to the charm and comfort of the luxury property. Don't miss the afternoon wine reception which is gratis. It is a great place to meet travelers of a kindred spirit. A refreshingly quiet break from the noisy casino hotels!  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vistalarga
<Content>All That and More All the hype is true; El Convento is probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in -- historic and luxurious while remaining comfortable and unpretentious. Rather than repeat all the virtues that many others have praised, let me single out the very kind kitchen staff and the valet parking, which makes driving in Old San Juan tolerable. Prices do seem negotiable, at least in the off-season, so do shop around on the various websites as well as calling the Hotel directly.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>killian02
<Content>Beautiful  I had done much research - using this site and others, trying to find the best hotel for our 4-day trip to San Juan. I'm so glad I chose Hotel El Convento. It is small, charming and in a good location in Old San Juan. You can walk to everything in the area and I had no issues walking at night by myself. Found a pretty good rate on LuxRes for $195/night. Parking our rental car cost $10/night and was conveniently across the street. Driving in Old San Juan was not bad once you realize that road signs are rare - but it is easy to get your bearings. I had seriously looked at staying at the Wyndham El San Juan in Isle Verde and I went by and toured around it just to see. I'm so glad we chose El Convento - much more charm  class. El Convento is trying to install Wi-Fi  DSL but had recent issues with viruses, etc. I struggled with my laptop so much trying to connect back home, that the Operations Mgr, Oscar, kindly comped my local call chrages so I could use dialup to bypass their network.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ducatiman
<Content>Beautiful El Convento Having read other reviews we decided to stay 5 nights prior to our cruise at El Convento mainly due to its central location in the old city and the fact that is away from the crazy commercial beach front areas of Condado and Isla Verde. It was a good choice, although some kind of error in the internet booking meant we were given a queen bedded room for 3 of us. No problem, they hadn't a two bedded room available for that night and instead gave us a suite with a bed settee in the living area. (My son complained that it was most uncomfortable with a very thin mattress and had to sleep on the counterpane to pad it out a bit) They left us in the suite for 2 nights and then moved us to a double room. Both room and suite were large and comfortable and were thankfully cool, we managed to do without the aircon most of the time despite outside temps of 87f, the building has been tastefully and carefully restored, an excellent job since I belive that it was once home to the city's refuse department! It had all the facilities you would expect, although the pool could only be described as a plunge pool, but enough to cool you off and given the status of the building it couldn't be bigger anyway. A good workout room is provided with multi gym, weights, treadmill and stair walker and was very much under used, myself and my son never saw any other guests use it. Breakfast on the patio was excellent with a good selection of food available and then later in the day the same area provided an honour bar. We booked on the internet and were quoted S195 per night, the bill showed S238 per night but they quickly corrected it, taxes etc add a fair bit to the bill which finally totalled over S1200 for the 5 night stay. We enjoyed our stay although it was expensive in comparison to mainland US hotel prices but then it is not a Holiday Inn. We would definitely go back. Thankfully we had no car in San Juan and relied on our daughter and husband to drive us round. The Hotel has some space in the grounds on the cathedral opposite but if you try to park in the streets be prepared for a long tour round looking for a space.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A special place Deightful place. Rooms arent huge but clean comfortable and simple. Staff very friendly and helpful. The location in Old San Juan is delightful. Restaurants good. Up the street is a very pleasant if noisy Spanish restaurant we enjoyed- Baru. Not for everone but we really liked it.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very civilized!! Great location in the heart of Old San Juan. Rooms are nice although a bit small; to be expected in a historic property. Common areas are superb; can't imagine staying anywhere else in old San Juan. Wine and cheese in the evening on the terrace overlooking the bay and tapas in the courtyard restaurant. Great combo. Mostly adult guests, kids might not appreciate the charm.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful place to stay My wife and I stayed for 3 nights and absolutely loved this place. Our room was better than advertised and the courtyard was awesome. I thought the small breakfast buffet was just fine and in a great little outdoor area. Honestly, I was not real impressed with Old San Juan, but if this is what you are into stay here--forget about all those high rise casino hotels. You will be able to walk to anything you want to from here. Only problem is the pool is small, but the view from the roof at night is gorgeous.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent The El Convento has it all....location, ambience, friendly staff, and history. The front desk staff gave excellant recommendations for dinner (try Bar U!!) and were very helpful. You can get lost in history while wandering the open air hallways, plazas, and terraces. Our room was very spacious and well appointed. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Romantic My Honeymoon was super romantic, The red roses petals turn down service, the champagne, the view from the room was amazing. The front desk staff was more than a Concierge, The room was small but very comfortable and charming. I will have my 1st anniversary again in the same room (512). This hotel remind me of walking in the streets of Tenerife in the Canary Islands. Now I know why Hotel El Convento was selected one of the best hotels in the world by Travel and Leisure issue in January 2004. Thank you Hotel EL Convento, I will tell all my friends about you...Mr  Mrs Jose Moreno, Miami Fla  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best of Charm, Character and Service We stayed here for 5 days in March, 2004 and found it to be one of the most charming, friendly, and comfortable of all the small hotels we've stayed at around the world. The big luxury hotels are wonderful, but just that--big. We recently stayed at the new Ritz-Carlton in MoBay and the Peninsular in Bangkok, and while both were fabulous, we found El Convento to be a pleasant change and much more relaxing. The staff was exceptionally attentive, helpful and friendly--eager to make sure our stay was what we expected from such a hotel. We were met by a bellman before we got to the front entrance who took our bags,opened up the elevator that takes you to the reception desk, and delivered the bags to our room. Reception was quick and we were not charged a deposit for either the room or safe keys. (Maybe a policy change?). We were even approached by the hotel manager who, after appropriately waiting until we activated the elevator with our room key to make certain we were guests, asked if the hotel could do anything to make our stay more enjoyable. The use of a key to operate the elevator was never inconvenient and added a high level of security and privacy, stopping outsiders and boat people from tramping through the hotel. Keep in mind that you are staying at a well known tourist attraction. The rooms were small as expected, but well appointed, clean, comfortable and charming. Our experience was much like those of the reviewers from Greenwich, CT (March 4) and San Jose, CA (March 2). And yes, as the reviewer from Orlando, FL mentioned (Feb 4), the maid staff is partial to setting the AC on ice box and the street cleaner will wake up the dead. (On the other hand, this happens only once a week and it is nice having clean streets). The hotel was exceptionally clean and the staff very responsive. When I mentioned that the maid should pull the door tight as the lock would sometimes not engage, we returned a few hours later to find a repairman had adjusted both the lock and the door closer. This hotel is in the heart of old San Juan, and unlike the big hotels on the island, gives you a feel of the city. Perhaps its nicest attraction, besides its location, is its totally open air appearance and feel. Yet you're fully secured within its old world interior as you relax on its several open air terraces. While the pool lounge chairs could be updated (they were clean and in working order) the rooftop deck is beautiful, much like a private courtyard, with good views of the sunsets. In this, I completely disagree with the reviewer from Chicago (Feb 28). No, the pool is not what you'd find on a cruise ship. This is a small, personal hotel--not the Love Boat. The included continental breakfast was more than adequate, and the fruit, rolls, several different juices and bread were fresh. The restaurants at the hotel (all independent) served well prepared and interesting food and were tasty examples of local dishes. The complemtary wine and cheese hour is well attended and offers an excellent chance to meet and talk with other guests. Excellent restaurants are within walking distance, including the well recommended and very upscale Italian restaurent across the street that (to our shock and amazement) did more than rival NY's finest in food, wine and atmosphere--and at half the price! Overall, a most relaxing and comfortable stay in the heart of what you came to see. We look forward to our return next year.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It wasn't what I expected We stayed at the El Convento during President's Week 2004. We booked this hotel because it was recommended in the Small Luxury Hotels. We had previously been happy with their recommendations. Unfortunately, I do not feel that this hotel qualifies as such a property. The first room we were given was dirty and in need of repair. It took us a while but they did change our room. The second room was cleaner but smaller. The rooms were very rustic, not luxurious. Their is no concierge, so the front desk must help you. The continental breakfast is served in the same place as the front desk and felt like an ackward place to put it. The food was not desirable or had much of a variety. We loved the location of the hotel since you can walk to everything in Old San Juan. We liked the look of the courtyard setting also. The restaurant El Picoteo served a nice selection of tapas and paella, also very enjoyable. It just does seem to be overpriced for the type of accomodations and service you receive. If you are looking for luxury this is not it.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El Convento We stayed at the El Convento for 3 days prior to sailing out. The hotel was everything we expected with great service. We had a good size room with a large terrace. The terrace was very private for sun bathing. The hotel was very secured and we felt safe. We would stay at the El Convento again without any reservation. We got a wonderful price on Travelocity.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Service When you pay $400 a night, you expect a certain kind of room and amenities, but what really sets this hotel apart from others is its service. The staff at all levels was eager to assist us. They went beyond friendly-- they were charming! They seemed to know what we wanted before we even asked. The concierges got us reservations at the most sought after restaurants, and reserved us spots on an amazing tour of the Rainforest-- our tour guide took us to spots that most tourists don't get to visit, and many locals don't even know about. After the hike, the tour guide set up a romantic picnic for us with wine and local foods-- all because the concierge who arranged for our tour informed him that it was our anniversary. There were a couple of things that weren't up to our expectations like pool lounge chairs were rather old and need to be replaced. But otherwise, the level of service in this hotel surpassed our expectations. We will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TLM95120
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with lots of charm We stayed in the El Convento last October and loved it. The hotel has so much character that you never want to go back to a big chain hotel again.The location is perfect right in the centre of Old San Juan, very easy to walk to all the sights, restaurants etc.Continental breakfast was included that was always enjoyable as you can sit outside. Also in the evenings they have wine and cheese which is a great opportunity to meet your fellow guests (if you want to)! They also have a honor bar in the evenings which made it so easy to have a night cap before retiring to bed.We would definitly stay at the El Convento again if we were in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Periwinkle
<Content>VERY, VERY DISAPPOINTING! We stayed at Hotel El Convento January 18, 2004 when we returned from a cruise. I completely agree with the Feb.21 review from Danbury, CT. (and we're not exaggerating when we say it's not worth the money). Where do I begin? After having a difficult time just reaching the 2nd floor check-in desk (the stairs and the elevator are accessed only by using a key), a person trying to check in does not have a key and there is very little information to help you - nor are there hotel employees around to give you direction. Thus began our initial impression of this supposedly 4 star luxury hotel. The only luxury about this place is it's high price.. Our room wasn't ready. We asked to use the washroom. The one used by hotel guests, other than their own hotel room, is off the library. There was no soap and no towels. I mentioned this to the employee at the desk. She said Oh, that will be taken care of right away. We checked back at the hotel several hours later. The room was still not ready. The restroom had towels, but no soap. There is no reason for this--especially from a highly rated one. There was smashed cigarette butts on the tile floors of the outdoor area where you eat breakfast or have the wine and cheese. The free breakfast is nothing to rave about. Yes, they serve beverages in nice containers, food is presented well....and that's the extent of it. Food is mediocre at best. And I am not a food snob....eating breakfast at a fast food restaurant is fine....so you know this is not great food! Finally our room was ready in the afternoon. We used the pool which is the size of a postage stamp. The photos of the pool are deceiving. There are very few chairs or lounges by the pool and they are dirty and need to be cleaned or better yet, replaced. Our room was nice. But we've certainly stayed in better. Our real problems began in the evening when the people in the streets began getting louder and louder. There was a all night 4 day street festival right outside the hotel. This was not told to us when we booked nor when talked to hotel employees prior to making reservations. Then around 10:30 until 1:00am a loud band played right in the hotel courtyard. My husband talked to the manager that night and the next day. They offered us a free night stay---I would never come back to this place, nor waste the money for a flight to San Juan. Unfortunately, Fodor and Frommer's book rate this place highly and fool people into staying here. When you stay here you are paying for the rich history of the hotel and not the condition it is in now nor how it is run. Please do yourself a favor and look elsewhere!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a good choice wow. where to begin. Upon arriving in Puerto Rico, we got to our hotel, EL Convento, at 1:00 a.m. to discover that our room had two single beds, not two double beds, as we asked for. Then, upon inspection of the bed, i noticed many hairs on the bed sheet. And dried blood. Trust me, i am not a obsessive prude, but if you a paying $400 a night for a deluxe room, the LEAST you can expect is clean sheets! Even Holiday Inn Express has clean sheets. Then, upon trying to sleep, we discovered that there was a gay club right outside our window, blasting music until 3:00 a.m. When the music stopped, the jacuzzi motor started up, right above our room. It was not a good night. Thankfully, the next day we got upgraded to a suite, because we notifyed the manager. In addition, the serivce was very poor. I requested an extra blanket for the bed, and it came two hours later. If you asked the staff what time church service starts, for example, they'd tell you, oh, sometime about 10:00 a.m., i guess, without even checking. The pool was 4 by 7 feet. The free breakfast was less than delicious. It consisted of some old bread, glazed donuts, and an assortment of unfresh fruit. On the upside, the outside and the lobby of the hotel is pretty, but overall I think that they cut some serious corners. I would not recommend this hotel. I would recommend the Ritz Carlton hotel, however. It was good service, room, everything, for about the same price. On my next trip to Puerto Rico, i will not stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old San Juan gem Spent a weekend at the Hotel El Convento, a small but classy hotel smack in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Old San Juan. Location is excellent but results in some interesting problems. Beware of street cleaning if your room faces the alley on the west side of the hotel. It starts at 7am on Saturday morning (which is 6am Eastern Standard time). Don't leave your window open or you'll awake to the sounds of men shouting Spanish over the roar of the pressure washing machine. If you're hoping to sleep in after a late night on Friday forget it....even with the windows CLOSED.Rooms are small but well appointed. Bathrooms are smaller. A/C typically set on ICEBOX. We reset it to 75 and the maid reset it back to ICEBOX. Good views if you face west and are on level 4 (above the buildings next door) so you can see the cruise ships depart at 10pm. Good security....key required to call elevator to ground floor. Very pretty outdoor deck area adjacent to front desk where good continental breakfast is served. Beware of lukewarm hot water with chlorine taste and similar decaf coffee. This was a problem both mornings AND at the 6-7pm wine and cheese reception (which is very well attended). Reg coffe is in electric hot pot and reliably hot.You will be charged a deposit for your keys ($25 each) and the safe lock ($75). This is refunded at check-out. Also be prepared to pay 21% tax/tourist fee each night ($80 is ALOT when added to an already expensive $400/night room). Do NOT rent a car if you plan to stay here. Traffic is a disaster and often bumper to bumper even during off peak hours. Streets are very narrow and there are pedestrians everywhere. We would recommend that you take a day tour (typically $40 to $50 per person) and HIRE that person to drive you around as needed. Much more personal and private and by the time you pay for a car rental, gas, parking, and tips, you're ahead of the game, not to mention the local knowledge and information an experienced guide can provide.Hotel pool is small, jacuzzi is lukewarm (must be the same people who make the decaf coffee) but sundeck is fabulous with excellent rooftop views. Courtyard area on first floor very charming and front entrance beautiful. Front desk personnel very helpful although area is very small and can get crowded if more than 2 people check-in with luggage.Overall, a very good hotel but in my opinion overpriced for what it offers. Still the best place to stay on Old San Juan but should cost around $250 per night rather than $400.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overrated! Beware this overrated Old San Juan Hotel. While certainly charming, that only gets you so far. The service was friendly, but severely understaffed and rushed. Not worth the price. Pool tiny. Disorganized breakfast. We had an untidy room with a moldy bath. We left after things didn't get better...shame on them.They should turn it back into a convent. Would never recommend this place. BB  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aglazen
<Content>Beautiful, thoughtful, but noisy   showReview(1547825, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmz
<Content>Charming Old world feel in great location, some service slips   showReview(1537997, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!   showReview(1496809, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience!   showReview(1435424, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paradiso2
<Content>Architectural Digest was Right On!   showReview(1346351, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful   showReview(1263233, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>D_Liner_2004
<Content>Great location!   showReview(1144589, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Stay   showReview(1135322, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the El Convento   showReview(924670, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Charming Centrally Located Hotel   showReview(521945, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(11660593, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jailes
<Content>el mejor hotel de Puerto Rico   showReview(8441610, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situation et cadre superbe, et une mauvaise surprise !   showReview(11452092, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bal972
<Content>Cadre magnifique, tr猫s bon s茅jour MAIS un gros b茅mol.   showReview(8369643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	4	4	

<Author>Arrozconmango
<Content>Fabuloso para viajes de negocios   showReview(7193292, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

