<Author>sunnygirl_london
<Content>Nice and convenient This hotel is very nice. Very clean and very convenient to Universal Studios. We went to the theme park for a while, walked back to the hotel, then back to park. The restaurant food was good and the staff very helpful.We loved not having to drive in LA (we only went to Universal Studios).  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>angel90008
<Content>didn't want to leave I stayed at the Hilton the weekend before Christmas, because I was attending a concert at Universal City Walk. I was torn between the Hilton and the Sheraton, but I relied on the reviews from this website and was satisfied with my choice. The Staff was friendly. The Hotel was beautiful. The room was large and clean. It was a really nice room. The view was also lovely. I only booked the room for one nite, but when it was time to checkout I was not ready to go. There wasn't a lot of noise, like at other hotels. It you are going to Universal Studios or Universal City Walk, it is the closest hotel. You can actually walk to Universal City Walk or take the shuttle. I am very cheap, but I think I got a good deal. I regret that once again I forgot my camera, and didn't take pictures. The environment was just really relaxing.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kirsty1704
<Content>Very nice hotel and an ideal base away from hustle        Hilton universal city - room 1564  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sue2000
<Content>Soft beds and huge buffet       view  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>PV_Fubar
<Content>Very comfortable This is a very comfortable hotel located next to Universal. Walk or take the shuttle.The room on the 12th floor ( we got an upgrade) was very nice with a great view.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SCVTravelers
<Content>Very nice room We arrived at the hotel and parked in the self parking...I believe it was $17 a night. We took the elevator up to the lobby. However, the lobby was a long walk from the elevator and there were no signs directing us.We checked in with a very friendly young man who obviously expected a tip. When one is expected, we tend not to give one.We entered our room and were pleasantly surprised by the size and nice appointments. It was an alcove room, which was an upgrade.The far wall was all windows. The view was incredible.The only time I heard another guest was from our restroom. The bedroom was extrememely quiet and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the linens were just as amazing.Check out was a breeze.My only complaints were the distance we had to walk from the elevator and that the water pressure in the shower was very low. Also, the tub drained too slowly. We have stayed at the Sheraton which is next door. The Hilton was far superior!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SingSlinger
<Content>Great hotel for Universal Studios visit This hotel is excellently located for a visit to Univeral Studios as it is right next door. It also has Citywalk area there fo ra variety of restaurants and free shuttle service which makes this U Studios experience v easy as we only had two nights in LA. Its location is also central enough to visit other sites in LA such as the Sidewalk of Stars (not sure what correct name is). The hotel rooms are surprisingly large and the elevated views is a nice extra. It has the excellent amenities of Hiltons with teh assoicated v attractive deals which come with being a Hilton member. Definately worth checking out if going to that part of LA.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lochness11
<Content>Loved the location We stayed at this hotel last October for 5 nights. The overall experience was great. We had a room on the 21st floor and the view was awesome. We booked this hotel from the hilton website as we found better rates. The location is also great. There is a shuttle bus that runs every 10 minutes to Universal City Walk which we found good.The room was always clean and the furniture is nice. Out of 5 hotels we stayed in during our holiday, this is probably the best one.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelGrlTampa
<Content>Beware the Bedbugs I stayed at the Hilton Los Angeles/Universal City the week of November 17, 2008 for a business trip. My initial impression of the hotel was favorable, as the staff were very courteous, the room was spacious and I received a complimentary fruit basket on my first night there. However, upon waking up the first morning, I found bed bugs in my bed. This was a horrifying and unwelcome surprise at 5:30 AM. I immediately called the front desk and was put on hold for 10 minutes, after which I explained the situation to the night supervisor and requested to be given another room immediately. During this conversation with the night supervisor, at no time did she apologize, although she did agree to provide another room by 6:30 AM. Upon moving to my new room, I inspected the bed carefully and found that while the sheets appeared to be clean, under the mattress, on the dust ruffle and around the headboard there was a great deal of dirt, dust and human hair. It was obvious the full bedding had not been changed or cleaned in some time. I did try to reach the hotel manager, and he did try to contact me during my stay, but we missed each other as I was in meetings most of the time there. I will follow up with a letter to him about the situation and give him a chance to respond, but as of right now, no discount was given to me on my bill and the only apology I received was from the front desk clerk when I went down to exchange room keys. My recommendation is that if you stay at this hotel, you should carefully check the bedding before going to sleep.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christin975
<Content>Dont stay here- We had a terrible experience We had 5 rooms, the keys were just given out and our parents did not get the large room the requested, instead it was given to one of our guests and they didnt want to be rude so they kept the smaller room. The air was not on in the room and our thermostat read 90 degrees, it took hours for it to cool down. My bf sat on the bed and the bead was broken, the box spring was split in half. we called the front desk and they said they could put us on another floor which we did not want to do b/c we were already unpacked and had booked our rooms next to one another. They said they would send someone up to exchange it, never happend. So we just slept on it. One of guests went to get into the bed and a nasty bottle of lotion was in the sheets- obviosly the sheets were not changed. she requested her sheets to be changed and someone came up and gave her the sheets but he said I dont do sheets she had to change them herself. This is all on day 1- next day we woke up for early morning plans and there was no hot water- no one was able to shower until that evening. Just a bad experience with no compassion for our inconvienances from the hotel or staff. We might as well stayed in a hotel 6. Thats what i would compare this hotel to  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ant0923
<Content>great!! we stood here in oct and it was very good ,room and staff was also very good to us not a problem .i would go back again  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thebodies
<Content>Loved it ................       Front Entrance  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>twbat108
<Content>Ordinary hilton I stayed here cause everyone was raving about it on trip advisor. Seriously, there is nothing special about this place, except that it is a short stroll from Universal Studios.The place is quite dated, the type of hotel lobby that was nice in the 80s, but needs an upgrade.It's OK- well equipt, but seriously nothing special. Stay only if necessary, otherwise, keep looking!PS really bad location if you are wanting to see other sights in LA. So far from everything.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tcmnn
<Content>Fantastic hotel - couldn't have asked for more!!! My husband and I and our 3 children just recently stayed at the Hilton in Universal City whilst we were visiting the US. The hotel was fantastic!!! Best location for visiting Universal studios and for seeing the sights of LA (we did have a car though). Universal studios was across the road so we had no worries about trying to get through the LA traffic to get there on time. Universal City was next door and that was fantastic for dinners, lots of child friendly restaurants and shops and we felt very safe strolling through the area at night. There was a free shuttle back to the hotel if we wanted to use it rather than walking, we did take advantage of that on a few nights after we had been walking all day!! The room itself was great - large, clean and great views! We were worried as we had two rooms and wanted interconnecting but that was no problem which was a great relief. We stayed on the executive level which included a free continental breakfast each day which was fantastic! Nice and healthy - fresh fruit, cereal, coffee, toast, yoghurt etc..Great start to the day.I was really happy that we stayed at this hotel it was the first hotel we stayed at on our holiday and we returned to it on our last night before leaving the US. Would highly recommend it to anyone!!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Frequent-Flyer-Four
<Content>No Refund Given!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beware! Don't book with HILTON !!!I booked this hotel because I needed to run the LA Marathon.The LA Marathon moved the date two weeks earlier.I called and emailed Hilton to see if I could change my reservaton. Multiple calls and emails later, they still said No, sorry, can't modify or cancel your reservation even though it was a month ahead of time!Beware! If you are staying in this caliber of hotel anyway, book with another chain, and avoid the Hilton chain and its affiliate hotels. In the past I have had great cusomer service with Hyatt Regency. In fact this is the worst service I have ever encountered even with less expensive hotels.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	-1	1	1	

<Author>mskbelle
<Content>Couldn't have been more accomodating Decided to attend my High School reunion being held at the Sheraton, but liked the Hilton better, so decided to stay there for that night. I needed a double-bed room, as I needed to bring my disabled mother (whom I care for) and we need to have our own beds.The hotel was very busy that Saturday, and when we checked in, the desk clerk said they only had a room with a king bed...NO WAY! I had reserved a double bed room!, I explained, as I pointed to my mother waiting at the side in her wheelchair.The desk clerk got my drift, and was very understanding. She began punching in buttons on her computer and making calls, and wha-lah, a recently vacated room popped up. Yeah!The only complaint is that the air conditioning did not seem to work...could not adjust cooler or more fan circulation. The bellhop said he could try to get us a fan (accomodating and extremely nice man), but apparently, none was to be found.I ordered room service for Mom and then talked with the desk. They said that if I left them my cell number, they would call me if Mom needed me, and that they would alert security that there was a disabled person in our room (in case of emergency). So nice! After I left to attend the reunion, Mom's dinner was delivered (that person was helpful with getting her to the table and helping with her food preparation), and they later did a physical check-in with her, with a complimentary fruit basket in hand, just to be sure she was O.K. That was above and beyond the call of duty!!! I was so gratefull for their attentiveness to our needs, and that because of that, I was allowed to have a carefree night out (which is seldom, when you are a full-time caregiver!). Everyone, including the bellman who kept Mom company while I retreived our car upon leaving, was exceptionally kind, friendly, professional and accomodating!Thank you, Hilton Hotel!!!KB EdwardsPorter Ranch, CA  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bmorechick
<Content>Very nice hotel, but get a car! I stayed at the Universal City Hilton from Oct 1- 5 for a conference and was pleased overall with the hotel itself. I didn't eat at the hotel but the food (especially the seafood buffet) looked absolutely delicious! We had some issues in our room with the phone and the air conditioning but other than that, our view was fantastic and the room VERY spacious. The staff was EXCELLENT. All were extremely helpful and friendly except one lady at the front desk who was not very interested in our complaints concerning the phone/air. Too bad I can't remember her name. Anyway, Billy the bartender was the absolute best! It still ticks me off when I stay in hotels of this caliber but still have to pay for wireless internet. It's either $9.95 per day in room, or $3.00 a minute in the business center.The walk to the metro is close by although down a steep hill so if you have knee problems or are disabled, this will be a little difficult. We took a L.A. tour that picked us up and dropped us off at the hotel. That was convenient. Other than CitiWalk/Universal Studios, there isn't anything else within walking distance of the hotel, unfortunately. You would definitely need to rent a car or use the Metro because the cabs are really expensive due to the never ending L.A. traffic!Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, however, the next time I am in L.A., I prefer to stay in a hotel that is downtown.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>ranj1979
<Content>Fantastic We had booked an executive room  were upgraded to an Alcove Executive Room upon arrival. Check In was over in less than 5 mins  we were shown to our room on floor 21!! As soon as i entered the room  got to the huge windows I was gobsmacked the views were amazing.We stayed here for a week  went to Universal Studios which was next to the hotel (there is a free shuttleservice every 15 mins from outside the hotel as its located on top af a steep hill). Went to City Walk every night for dining  shopping (again using the shuttle).Went we spoke to the conciege about other site seeing they asked us to hire a car but me  my husband were not confident driving in the USA. Instead we saw many sites by using the LA subway (Metro). Went to Santa Monica Beach - Long Beach - Downtown - Walk Of Fame all using public transport  was very easy!! So do not listen to the conciege when they insist on hiring a car as it can all be done by the metro  bus. Wouls have gone to Venice Beach if we had time as well.We had access to continental breakfast  Drinks  Snacks between 5-7pm every evening on the executive floor which was handy.The rest of the time was spent in the Pool  Hot Tub. As we went when there was a heatwave the temp of the pool was not so bad but i can imagine is being cold if the weather is!! But the hot tub at the end of the day was amazing after a day of site seeing!!Overall a very enjoyable stay  I will highly reccomend this hotel, book executive room if you can!!TIPSCan go to walk of fame  see Hollywood Sign by subway (metro) only one metro stop (hollywood  Highland) from Universal City. Also Long Beach by Metro (can take 45 minutes) but you only have to change Metro once at 7th Street to Long Beach (Blue Line)Santo Monica we got off at 7th Street (Macy's)  got the Big Blue Bus to Santa Monica beach which took just under 1 hour.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Geraint Jones
<Content>Fantastic hotel! This is the only place to stay if you're visiting Universal City and Hollywood and make sure you get the Executive rooms as the lounge with breakfast and afternoon snacks is great. Everything about this hotel is good - food/room/pool/bar/parking etc.We ate at the bar on two nights and it was great and very reasonable with excellent service.Buses to Universal are regular and convenient and we did a hollywood tour by bus from the hotel as well.This really is 5 star with value for money. Oh except for the phone calls - don't use the room phones as international cell phones are cheaper!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SusanC80
<Content>Very Comfirtable       Pool  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JEMCambridgeshire
<Content>Great Hotel An excellent hotel especially for visiting universal studios. Great interior to hotel, very nice rooms with very interesting views of LA including lots of mansions on the hills. Attentive staff and excellent breakfast. Nice pool. Takes two minutes to walk to universal and city walk. There's lots of resturants to choose from at city walk. Can't think what its called but we ate at an American steak house type resturant (closest to the hotel when walking to the studios) it was very nice (and cheap of course). Oh and the SImpsons ride was really fantastic at universal!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Desbub
<Content>Fabulous Hilton Great hotel. Perfect location for Universal studios - five minute walk. Room was huge. Very clean and the bed linen is lovely. Welcome basket of fruit, water, cheese and biscuits was indeed very welcome.We were on the Executive Floor and the continental breakfast and hor d'oeuvres were a real bonus.We ate at Cafe Sierra twice during our stay - delicious. We particularly liked the BBQ buffet - very good value for money. There is also a good choice of restaurants at Citywalk.Other than Universal though there is not a lot within easy walking distance. The Metro station is walking distance but it is down a very steep hill. Unless you are planning on only visiting Universal you really do need a car. The car parking was $17 a day. There were always plenty of parking spaces available.LA Zoo is well worth a visit - only $12 for adults - bargain.I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Hollywood.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BenandAli
<Content>Great location and spacious room Can't argue with the location (short walk to Universal Studios, short drive to Hollywood and downtown), or the room which was massive and comfortable with a great bathroom.Price for room was pretty good and they were able to extend our stay by a day (you will need time to explore LA). Only downside were the exorbitant charges for even short local phone calls and internet access. Everyone knows hotels love to charge for any extras, but their prices were outragous and we simply couldn't avoid them due to crcumstances. Breakfast was nice and reasonably priced (extra to cost of room) Overall, pretty good, just a shame they feel they have to rip off tourists who need to make urgent calls.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>The Place to Stay This is definitely the place to stay at Universal City... as opposed to the Sheraton. We arrived late and left early, so I didn't really see much of the hotel. There is a $17 self-parking charge for the garage, as with many places.A couple of snafus during my stay: The remote control for the TV didn't work... maybe the batteries were dead? Normally this would be a big deal, but it was late and I was tired, so I just read e-mail and went to bed. Then during the night, staff slid a hotel receipt with no numbers under my door... then replaced it with a receipt with no letterhead. Turns out the night staff had printed out the receipts before doing the audit (according to the beleaguered morning clerk) and so we had to go to the desk to check out in the morning. Frankly, the morning clerk could have been a bit more personable and less grumpy.The room was fine... I'm sure I'll stay here again despite the quirks. It's nicer than the Sheraton.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andrew-Beaumont
<Content>Best hotel of the holiday.       View Of Universal From Executive Lounge  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Goulz
<Content>Probably the best for Universal Studios       Basket of goodies  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zefron
<Content>Loved this fantastic hotel The hilton hotel was fantastic,myself and a friend stayed here in september 2007. We were met at check in by an amazing group of staff, who were friendly and very helpful. We had booked an executive floor room with two double beds. The room was great very big and clean. The bathroom was spotless and came with amenities, towels and bathrobes. Upon arrival the room contained a basket with numerous sweets, fruit etx, which was a nice touch. In the evening the hotel provides a turn down service for executive floor guests, which was pretty cool considering they leave little bags of MMs on your pillow :)Although the room itself was great, the hotel is showing its age, the lobby was a little dated as were the common areas. The lifts were really slow and took there time in getting us to the 23 floor. The executive lounge was great, we had breakfast there most mornings and they provide a wide selection of cereals, fruit, tea/coffee etc, as well as papers. The staff were great. We also enjoyed the free soda and cookies each evening :). Althought the lounge had amazing views of the surrounding area, it was very dated and had a used feeling. The room itself had clearly been a bed room previous and really could do with somoe updating. It was also pretty small, but all in all we loved it!One morning we had breakfast in the lobby restaurant, which was great but we found some of the cups to be dirty and once again it appeared to be a little dated. However, we had a great time and would definitly go back tomorrow.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>jimstan
<Content>Great stay at the Hilton! We stayed for a week at the Hilton Universal City the last week of August, 2008. The hotel staff was fantastic, from the pre-arrival dialog and accommodation scheduling to the stay itself. The hotel was busy, but we never had to wait for anything. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and accommodating, helping us with a minor room annoyance and a room upgrade. Try to stay in the executive towers floors 22-24 to take advantage of the lounge with complimentary breakfast, papers, snacks, etc. Concierge was very helpful, checking on locations, printing directions, and making reservations with a smile. Room was a real treat, very pampering and relaxing, cozy but roomy. Great restaurant with superb buffet...fantastic!! The pool and exercise room was great, clean, not crowded and well staffed.It is located a very short walk from Universal Citywalk and the Universal Studios Tour and Park-rides...VERY NICE!!! All of LA is a short drive away, the traffic can be bad so plan ahead. (The only bad part of our vacation to LA was the rental car...DO NOT rent from Dollar...esp the LAX site. Management was extremely poor and non-responsive, vehicle was not well maintained)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mfost
<Content>Perfect hotel for LA This was an excellent hotel! We booked through their website for $161 per night (AAA rate) and opted to choose our room when we arrived. This was a great idea, as we ended up getting a MASSIVE room overlooking universal studios, with a seating area, and a very comfy king size bed! The hotel itself was great - the staff were extremely helpful, it had a good coffee bar for the morning, a large bar, and a restaurant with a big buffet breakfast (although we did not eat there). The hotel was in a great location - within walking distance to universal studios, and very close to the City Walk, which was fun at night! We drove to downtown LA (grauman's chinese theatre) in 10 minutes, and were at Rodeo Dr. within 15. This hotel is beautiful and is a great choice if you're looking for something a bit more reasonable priced in central LA. I highly recommend it! Parking wasn't too expensive (I think $17 per day), and the lot was easy to use! I highly recommend this hotel. I have stayed at the Sheraton Universal and this is just as good, if not better.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelingHeart08
<Content>An Average Stay This hotel was not spectacular but it also was not horrible. For me it was just average. But here are a few things I want to mention regarding the hotel.First, if you are a smoker, I want to let you know that all smoking rooms are only on the 5th floor! Kind of sucks if you ask me. Also, you do get a very nice complimentary basket in your room that has water, fruit, cookies, and cheese  crackers.I felt that they were understaffed for a holiday weekend. It took forever for them to answer the front desk phone. And when we were changing rooms it took them forever to get someone up stairs to bring us the new keys, so we ended up leaving. The nice thing the hotel did was they never rushed us out of the previous room and held the other room for us until we got back later that evening. They were really nice just understaffed.I must say I was a bit baffled that we did not have a room service menu in our room. I had to call room service for them to bring me one and then when they did they first only brought me the breakfast menu that you hang on your door the night before. I had to tell them I already had that I need the binder with the full menu.The valet were extremely nice and helpful! They were always happy to help. We never had a problem asking them for directions to somewhere, they just printed them right out for us. They also suggested a wonderful local place that serves breakfast and lunch only. It's called Good Neighbor. I highly recommend eating there at least once while you are in town. Great food, not expensive at all, and the atmosphere is so friendly. As for the location of the hotel. You really do not have to wait for the Universal Studio shuttle! It's less than a 5 minute walk. You are litterally right across the street from it! Now as for the metro, it is a hike. You have to walk all the way down the hill and cross the intersection to get there. The walk down isn't bad but the walk up is not fun at all! That is a very very very step hill! Now there is a shuttle at the bottom of the hill that will bring you up (drops off at the Universal Studio entrance) and down the hill. I highly recommend taking the shuttle back up. Overall I was not impressed with the hotel, but the staff was friendly. Nothing spectacular just a clean nice place to stay while on vacation.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Meadowtraveller
<Content>Better than expected We stayed for 6 nights,it was better than expected.Room was on the 19 floor,good view of City Walk and Universal Studios.Roomwas very clean and quite modern.Found the staff polite but a little impersonal.Breakfast buffet was nice but a bit expensive.Good pool area not busy when we went.This is a great location up in the hills,next to Universal and only 10/15 mins to Hollywood and Griffith Park a must see not only for the observatory but the fantastic views of L.A. day and night.We also found this hotel to be reasonably priced in comparison to other L,A.hotels.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>pepsi123
<Content>Nice hotel but not for families with young children This was our second hotel in LA.Stayed here for 4 nights as it was close to Universal.Hotel was huge and very clean.Staff were always pleasant.we had an excutive room on floor 21 over looking Universal.Room was large with 2 double beds.But i would not pay extra again for this room. The only benifit was the free breakfast and soft drinks. But other guests were getting the free breakfast that were staying on the other floors so no idea how this worked?!!!In all we had a good stay in this hotel BUT....... there was a convention going on and the hotel was FULL of police, security people and loads of rude business people. Our kids were shuffed and pushed on several occassions!!Location for Universal you couldn't get better. lots of places to eat at city walk and very near the metro.Over all i would stay here again but not with a young family.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>marriedwithkids
<Content>Needs an update! Family of four stayed for 3 weekday nights this August. Room on 18th floor had a great view. However, the carpet was very stained and dirty. Whole room needs an update. Bathroom was very roomy. We had access to the Executive Lounge (also needs an update). Do not waste your money on the upgrade. Cold cereal and sweet rolls for breakfast and 2 hot snacks at night with cheese and fruit. For the extra $30-$40 per night you can get a real breakfast. Also, the lounge was so packed while we were there we had to stand and eat.The hotel is very convenient to Universal Studios and City Walk. They have a shuttle they share with the Sheraton that comes every 10-15 minutes.Next time I would stay at the Sheraton which was just updated.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>pommychick
<Content>Friendliest staff! I went to the Hilton Universal City earlier this year for a few days away from England. I'm not a huge fan of the Universal City theme park scene myself, but chose the hotel because of a good price deal. I was a little dubious about the fact it was a Universal City hotel, and was a little worried it would be tacky. Not at all. Arriving at the hotel blearly eyed after the 11 hour flight I was greeted by friendly staff who got me to my room in no time! The hotel restaurant serves decently priced (and excellent) Mandarin cuisine, with the friendliest waiting staff I have come across in a long time. The highlight of the stay had to be the warmth of the valet parking staff - they knew me and my car, always greeted me and were very welcoming each time I returned to the hotel. I was actually pleasantly surprised by Universal City Walk too, which is a 5 minute walk from the hotel (or a shuttle bus ride away). On top of the usual theme park shops, there are also a fair few decent places to shop (if you're into California-esque surfer type clothes...maybe not for designer labels). The hotel and its location is excellent for families. There are many kid-friendly places to eat in City Walk should young children not necessarily favour the Mandarin cuisine, plus the hotel is within easy reach of anywhere in LA really with a car.The room itself was spacious and clean.Overall I really enjoyed staying here. I easily settled into the Californian lifestyle within 5 days here with all the friendly, relaxed (but professional) staff. Didn't want to leave for the hustle bustle of London at all! Easily could have done another week.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lmccu81
<Content>Great hotel - brilliant location! Stayed at Hilton Universal as part of my honeymoon this year and would definitely recommend it. The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel itself was lovely. Our room was bigger than average, bright and spacious. Only ate breakfast at the hotel, but this was reasonably priced with plenty of choice for a buffet breakfast. The hotel is linked to Universal Studios, so there is a handy shuttle bus which runs every 15 minutes to Universal itself, which is a ten minute walk away. This is great, as Universal's City Walk is attatched to the park, where there's numerous shops and restaurants. This means that there's always somewhere to go in the evening, which is safe and is in walking distance of the hotel. The hotel is also a short work from the underground metro station and just off the main freeway if you are driving. Overall, a great hotel in a great location. Only downside is that the lifts can be extremely slow at busy times. Would totally recommend a stay here  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>mariaplancashire_UK
<Content>fabulous Excellent place to stay-no complaints whatsoever!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tubster
<Content>Great Hotel We had stayed here two years ago, and returned because of its' proximity to the Gibson Amphitheatre ( we had tickets to the Teen Choice Awards). They have recently added a small take-away coffee shop (breakfast pastries, coffee, fruit, ice-cream) that is a great addition to the hotel.  We found the hotel to be in an excellent position, whether driving (literally two minutes off the freeway ) or using the subway, which is at the bottom of the hill, to get around . Rooms are large. We overlooked the Studios and over to Burbank ,with the Mountains in the distance. The views with all the lights on at night, and then the sun coming up in the morning were fantastic. Beds were very comfy, with nice linens. Plenty of towels in the bathrooms. We also had two safes in the room - a small one with a turnkey and another larger one with a punch code. Huge range of restaurants to choose from at CityWalk, which can be reached by a 5 minute walk, or wait for a tram at the front door. There was a large convention going on while we were there, but we heard no noise from any rooms during our stay.  Lots of self-parking space, although valet is available is you want. All staff we met were friendly and courteous. So glad we decided to go back to the Hilton Universal City.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pilotboy1985
<Content>Amazing! Don't stay anywhere else!       Christmas Tree on Universal City Walk, 2 minutes from hotel  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AussieMegg
<Content>Loved the Hilton The Hilton in Universal City was a great choice for us. We travelled to LA in June as a young couple for sightseeing. The Hilton had everything and more you want in a hotel. The rooms were a good size and nice, with great amenities. The beds were comfortable and I have never had such good house keeping. The place was sooooo clean and refreshed everyday after house keeping. After being out for 10 hours at a time, it was so nice to come home to a clean room. The only negative was it was expensive in the business centre to use the internet.As for location, we found Universal City to be fine. We loved that we were close to the Citywalk which had a movie theatre, shops and restaurants everywhere. It was really easy after a long day out to go somewhere close by for dinner. As for getting around LA, the hotel is very close to a train station which is only one stop to Hollywood Boulevard. From there we used a tourist hop on hop off bus ($30each for a 24hr ticket - they will bargin) which took us to Beverly Hills, Melrose Ave and Farmers Market. Other than that we used public buses to get to Santa Monica/Venice Beach and West Hollywood. Buses are easy enough to use and are safe. AND yes it is up a big hill!!! I had read this on trip advisor before we went but really come on people lets not be lazy you can walk it and we did. But if you don't like walking there is a shuttle that takes you from the bottom of the hill the Citywalk.Overall I would have no hesitation staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Kamaransheikh
<Content>Solid Hilton Property, Having stayed at Hilton properties worldwide I would say this one rates about average. That's not to say there is anything wrong with it, but it doesn't do anything to stand out from the Hilton crowd.The hotel is well equipped, has a good breakfast and buffet lunch/dinner throughout the day. The gym is small but perfectly adequate and the rooms themselves are nice.Where this hotel could improve is the staffing, every attempt to query or dispute something you are unhappy with is done unprofessinally and in cases makes you feel like you are a liar. For example, I stayed at this hotel twice, the first time I had a rate inclusive of parking, on subsequent stay the hotel tried to charge me for parking. When I raised a query, the manager had a 10 minute disagreement with me before finally picking up the phone to HHonors and finding out he was wrong. Although the problem was resolved, the attitude of the staff and several of the management staff left me unhappy.On a positive note, the concierge team in the Executive lounge are excellent.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Leigher
<Content>Wonderful experience I was a guest of the Hilton, Universal City from June 23 to June 26, 2008. It was a great experience starting with check in with Fidel at the Front Desk.......and my alcove room, which was amazing....(and complimentary fruit, cheese and cookie basket) as a surprise!Housekeeping was exceptional, Vilma with room service was great.....William in the lounge area made a great Mojito, Carlos at the Starbucks counter was friendly and Danny at the Bell Station, helped me with my check out....THANK YOU STAFF OF HILTON!I will definitely be back......it is an honor to be a Silver VIP with HiltonHonors.....  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>balesbrowne
<Content>Didnt let us down a second time!       Our room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LovemyAcura
<Content>Great buffets! There are two great things about this hotel - proximity to Universal Studios and their abundance of good food at their buffet dinners and breakfast on Sunday!The rooms look tired and need updated - including the tvs. The shower had very little pressure and was disappointing. The staff was luke warm with the worst being the check in desk. Room service was actually good with good service and good food. The free shuttle to Universal Studios was suppose to run every 15 min. but you can't depend on that. We waited 40 min. each way.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Onthegomom3
<Content>Don't stay on the Executive Level We recently stayed at the Hilton to be close to Universal Studios. They have a shuttle service that picks up about every 10 minutes to take you to Universal Studios/City Walk which was very nice. The hotel has a nice lobby, but the rooms could just use a little bit of updating. Our first problem was the early check in at 3:00p.m. It did not happen-we had to sit around for 1 hour before our room was ready. This was hard with 3 kids. We were tired and just wanted to relax in our room. The front desk clerks never seemed happy-but the valets were always cheerful.The other problem we had was staying on the Executive Level. Our room and elevator keys never worked, leaving us to have to go to the front desk 6 times to have our room/elevator keys reactivated. Every time we went to the executive lounge, we couldn't get back to our room and would then have to take the elevator down to the lobby to reactivate the keys. Just ask for a room high up, but not executive level and bring your own snacks, muffins and drinks. On a plus side, there's a coffee shop in the lobby that brews Starbucks. Also there's a nice heated pool and jacuzzi outside. We would probably stay at the Hilton again, just not on the exec. level.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Krista84
<Content>Loved the Hilton My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in June 2008. Staff were great and the room was very clean, spacious, and had a great view. I think our favorite part of it was the outdoor pool area. The pool was clean and was the perfect temperature. It also had a poolside bar where you could purchase drinks and snacks. It is located in Universal city just steps away from Universal Studios and the City Walk which was awsome. I would definatley stay at this hotel again in the future.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigTimeTravelers
<Content>Perfect Location and 4 Star Service Hilton never lets us down and this hotel was not an exception to that. Stayed for 3 days and 2 nights as part of our family LA/Hollywood vacation. We had a wonderful stay at this hotel and our expectations were well met. The location is so convenient to Universal Studios Hollywood...its probably about a 15 min walking distance or about a 5 min shuttle ride. Our room faced Universal Studios and gave wonderful views of it day and night as well as a great view of the hills and nearby Burbank. We had a standard room that actually provided ample room, so it did not seem crowded. We had 2 double beds that were very comfortable with high thread count sheets and fluffy down pillows for luxurious sleeping. The entire room was very clean and pleasant. There was even a complimentary welcoming fruit and snack basket awaiting us! There was a nice desk, but we had not use for the high speed internet access, which by the way has a charge per day. There was also a small breakfast table that we utilized well. Our TV was a standard 25 inch, not an updated flat screen, but that was okay. It did its duty. The marble bathroom was spacious and clean with my favorite Crabtree  Evelyn bath and body toiletries. Housekeeping services were great. Room service was also grand and on point. We had no problems with the elevators during our stay and staff was always helpful. The parking charge was not that bad...I think it was like $17 per day. This hotel was everything a 4 star hotel should be. We will definitely stay here again on our next LA visit.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ops
<Content>It's OK, but no more than that My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Universal simply because we were going to Universal Studios and for that it was perfect. It is a 5 min walk from the hotel. Plus you have the City Walk for restaurants and shopping in the evening.The hotel however is in need of a refurb. The rooms are very big but not the cleanest I have ever seen. At breakfast, I went through 5 cups one morning until I found a reasonably clean one. The breakfast was good though.One thing I didn't like was the unfriendliness of the staff. Throughout our stay there, only one member of staff was friendly and welcoming.Also didn't like the fact that someone left a packet of what looked like an illegal substance in the safe. You'd think they would have checked the safe was empty when the last lot checked out. Just goes to prove that the cleaners weren't as diligent as they should have been.I have no reason to go back there again but guess for the convenience of Universal Studios I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>SammieTauranga
<Content>Hilton Was Great We all really enjoyed the Hilton. We had an amazing view of Universal Studios and we were upgraded to the executive floor which included a free breakfast every morning for the four of us. The breakfast was great and the staff were excellent. Our room was very clean. We walked over to Universal Citywalk and the Studios all the time, even though we had a rental car. It's not really that far and sometimes we caught the free bus back to the hotel. This was the best hotel that we stayed at during our trip to America.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Billywog
<Content>We like it... Overall, it was a good location esp if you are visiting Universal Studios. We could see the place from our room. And the bed was the most comfortable we've ever slept on! Also, there was a 24hrs Ralphs (supermarket) just 5min away, so that made us happy. Other than that, no complains about the room  the hotel except I do agree that the front desk was slow and not exactly helpful.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>MotherGoose22
<Content>Not the best choice We were going to a concert Friday night and had previously stayed at the Sherton Universal and decided this time to try what we expected to be a nicer Hotel. This turned out to be a poor decision, from the beginning the check in process took too long due to the fact that only two employees were working at check in desk and the hotel was quite busy, the next problem was poor communication from the staff, we were initially told that we could take a complimentary shuttle over to the Universal lot , we walked out to take the shuttle and were give three different responses to where and when the shuttle would be there, after waiting for 20 minutes we asked the same person that had told us at check in about the shuttle status and he advised us to walk because he didnt think they where allowing the shuttle up due to amount of traffic; so with 15 minutes to spare we had to start walking down the dark pathway which only has a partial sidewalk so you are basically walking in the lane of traffic (the walk is only about 5 minutes but it is not pedestrian friendly); the television had a poor signal, the ice machine was not working on our executive floor and the elevators are extremely slow. I wont rate it as terrible because the room was nice and clean, however it was not as smooth of a stay as expected and based on the price we paid I think we will skip this Hotel next time around and would suggest the same to others.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>CAROLE3
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Foyer  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>MarkIV
<Content>Elevators Don't Work!!!! I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE if it was just about the service. The staff was professional to a tee, and really went above and beyond the call of duty.HOWEVER, the problem with this hotel is not the people, it is the absolutely ATROCIOUS standards of upkeep with the essentials of maintanence. During my weeklong stay, I would say there were at least 4 (FOUR!!) during which the elevators did not work properly. There were two days where the elevators did not seem to work at all. No amount of smiling or free breakfast vouchers can make up for the fact that I was late to important consultations with by business partners. It reflected poorly on myself and my reputation in my professional life. I was offered 50% off of my room rate for the last two nights of my stay, but declined. If the hotel did not feel non-working ELEVATORS a sufficient reason for a full comp, I felt it my duty to simply pay and never return again.I have heard from others that not only do the elevators have problems on a frequent basis, but there have been numerous problems with the hot water (OR LACK OF IT!!). I didn't experience any such problems, so I can only go on what I've heard from others who've stayed here in that case.The location is beautiful, the building is beautiful, and the staff are wonderful. But the bottom line remains: The Elevators don't work, and the maintenance staff seems ill-equipped to fix this problem anytime soon. Reserve at your own risk!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>americaholiday
<Content>Great location, you must visit! Forgive me if this review is a little long, this is my first time writing a review!Tip number 1!- For airport transfers hire a town car. It is a fixed price and very comfortable. it costs about $95, however the taxi can work out alot more on the meter, especially if you hit traffic!We stayed for 4 nights at the start of May. It was our first time in LA and I must say everything is so far apart, it takes alot of time [and money] to get around. However the location of the Hilton is perfect for Universal Studios (the shuttle picks up from right outside the hotel and drops off right outside city walk). Also Hollywood is quite close.Ok now the hotel is a good standard. When I arrived check in was very quick and there was no waiting around whatsoeverTip 2- It is well worth joining the HHonours reward scheme. You get lots of freebies including quick check in/out and a complementary paper delivered to your door.Our room was on the executive floor, which was about $33 extra per night. May I say it is well worth doing this in my opinion. First of all the executive floors are to the top of the hotel so you have a much nicer view. Secondly, your executive upgrade includes access to the executive lounge. This provides breakfast and afternoon snacks. Breakfast includes every type of cold food you can think of. Afternoon snacks include fruit and a choice of 2 hot snacks. There were things like potato croqets andspring rolls. Although not eneough for a big dinner it definately filled the gap and worth doing for an afternoon snack in between meals. Considering the breakfast downstairs is about $18 each per day it is worth upgrading. Also the people in the executive lounge were so helpful with any queeries we had, its like your own concierge desk.The room quality was good, I understand what people are saying about updating the rooms, they certainly wernt contemporary. However, the Hilton seems to get away with this, as it forms part of the identity of the hotel (just like going to a stately home for example). Bed was huge and view was very nice. Bathroom was well equipped and modern. Everything was very clean. Room service is very good (twice per day).The resturant buffet downstairs was disapointing. This wasnt because of the food. We went to the seafood and lobster buffet which was $38pp. The organisation was not very good at all. By that I mean there were crouds of people, maybee 20 or 30 crouding around the front of the resturant as you come in, not waiting to be seated, just standing around! This ment you are constantly walking round them when trying to get some food. It would have only taken the front of house to have a word with them for them to move, but they seemed happy to let them stay there for about half an hour, seemingly doing nothing! This ruined the dining experience for us and certainly wasnt worth the money. Food quality was good and lots of variety. Warning though, they automatically add 15% grats on to the bill, which I think is a bit cheaky, and I would be inclined to take it off if you have any problems, as you are already paying alot of money. The bill came to $96 and we didnt drink alcohol!General facilities were very good. What I noticed was that the pool area wasnt crouded at all, and seemed most of the time like an exclusive pool. The jaquzzi was very hot though! took me about 10 minutes to get in! There is a quiet area one floor up from the reception, business centre on the entrance to the pool area and gym. All facilities were to a good standard. There is a transport desk, which will help you with any queeries for trips and general transport.If you are visiting LA for the first time, or indeed America like we were it is worth booking this hotel. You'll definately tell the difference between this and a basic 'travelodge' type hotel. Definately book this over the Sharaton, which was $100 extra per night! and looked like a dump compared to the Hilton.Price wise the rooms were $249 per night including TAX for a king exclusive room. Some may think a little pricy, which it is, but worth it if its your first time as you get food included and lots of advice and support to plan your holiday.We had a couple of bad experiences with room service (coming in at 6am without knocking) and people being loud in the middle of the night (the room had a connecting door therefore not very well sound protected from the next room. Therefore we got some extra points added to our account.Any questions please ask!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>jsmOklahomaCity
<Content>solid business hotel nice hotel only minutes from burbank airport. Universal studios is next door. Clean hotel with good customer service and decent hotel gym featuring a cardio room and a separate weight room. Concierge level provides free breakfast and afternoon snacks. Downside - valet parking is expensive and self park, which is $15/night, is not convenient.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>benjaminbrown
<Content>Great but expensive This hotel is everything you expect from a Hilton. The rooms are big and clean, the staff are helpful and friendly. And the location is excellent. There is a shuttle bus that runs to City Walk at Universal (which is where the theme park is and then a strip where there are tons of bars, restaurants, cinema etc) very frequently which is complimentary.If you want to do the usual tourist things then a car is not needed if you are staying here as you can use the bus to Universal or the subway station is a short walk away (up and down a very steep hill though!) on which the walk of fame is just one stop away.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussiejmj
<Content>fantastic service we were staying in a hotel in santa monica and we were extremely unhappy with the service so we decided to check into the hilton at universal city as we were spending the next day at universal studios then flying out to san francisco. it was a perfect location for visiting universal studios and all city walk. we found that we were over at city walk both nights and even though it is only a short walk over there from the hotel, they actually offered a free shuttle service that took us across to city walk. the service was execptional and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Next time we visit los angeles we will be basing our selves at the hilton. fantastic hotel.10/10  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>K_Getchell
<Content>Great Location for Universal Exploration       Bathroom 1  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thedane88
<Content>Perfect location for Universal Studios This hotel is perfect location if you are planning a visit to Universal Studios. Its got a free shuttle bus to it but there is no need as its only a 5mins walk. Hotel is typical Hilton and the price reflects that. Its very big, rooms are clean and big but slightly dated and can be a bit cheesy. Staff are super friendly - from bellboys to reception to car park attendant. I asked the bellboy about prices for the theme park and not only did he go out of his way to find out but he also gave me vouchers for $8 discount off the ticket price. Requested a king bed but when we got up to the room it was 2 twins. Told the reception and they changed it within seconds with no hassle. Only thing to complain is that the parking is a bit expensive, $17 per day for self parking. They also have valet if u pay extra but there is no need as car park is right below hotel and very easy to access urself.Breakfast buffet is good but the expect to pay the usual hotel prices. Bar is good with drinks and big screens to watch sports. All in all enjoyed my stay. Would recommend.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>northgang
<Content>Perfect location for Universal Studios We stayed in this Hilton for 3 days over a spring recess period. The location is superb, and is so close to the Universal park that we ended not using the free shuttle to Universal. Is a easy 5min walk. Room was immaculate day in and day out with great attention to detail by the maid. The beds are just the best, so comfy its a real shock coming back home. Pool was great, never over crowded, always seating and loads of towels available. Try and stay in the executive floors as the breakfast sets you up nicely for the day.You have to pay for the internet - this is the only piece I didn't like so ended just using the terminal available at the executive floor.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>sprintf32768
<Content>Unexceptional, but solid       walking down The Hill  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>CatherineEnfield
<Content>Amazing Service After a long trip from London we were not disappointed by the Hilton. We had read about how amazing the staff were, and it was all true! They were SO polite and helpful. Our rooms were great and it was extremely convenient for Universal Studios and CIty Walk (easy 5 min walk). Only slight gripe, was the level of air conditioning in the public areas - it was freezing!!The whole family had a great stay (including 2 teenage boys).  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samson55
<Content>Great Location We stayed in the Hilton for 5 days over the Easter Period and had high expectations after a stay here last year. We were certainly not disappointed and it was like returning to an old friend. The location is superb, and the free shuttle to Universal is a real life (leg) saver. Room was immaculate day in and day out with great attention to detail by the maid. The beds are just the best, so comfy its a real shock coming back home. Pool was great, never over crowded, always seating and loads of towels available. Try and stay in the executive floors as the breakfast sets you up nicely for the day. We booked early and paid in advance, in our opinion was worth every penny. Would definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SusieqSM
<Content>A very enjoyable stay       Hilton pool area  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aquarius59
<Content>Hilton Universal-Just a few small things.. I stayed at the Hilton on Sunday 3/30 for a single night. I arrived at 3 p.m. which was the check-in time I indicated on the website. The front desk clerk, Marion, was very nice  stated that the room I had reserved was not ready, so she upgraded me. However, looking at the photos on here, it appears that I got the same type of room and bath. I had a king non-smoking room, with a little entry foyer, bathroom with shower/tub combo  a little dressing area off to the side of the tub that was a dressing area with a coffeemaker.The room was very clean. I had a great view overlooking Universal, the freeway and the hills. It was very pretty at nite. I was on the floor with the executive center, and had a wonderful breakfast in the morning of fresh fruit  an english muffin. They also had pastries and cereals. The attendant there was very helpful in printing my Southwest boarding pass for me at no charge. There was also an abundance of soda and water that you could help yourself to.What missed for me was the fact that one of the toiletry bottles was 1/2 full-I think a previous traveler also mentioned running into this. The other thing that was inconvenient was that I had been hanging around the room in my robe, and there was only 1 robe in the closet. I realized I needed something in my car so threw on some clothes  went down to the garage. In that time when I returned to my room the maid had been in to turn down the bed  took my robe! I called down  it took them over a half hour to bring me a new one. The other thing that I did not notice until I went to bathe was that I only had 2 towels. No one had ever refilled the bottom shelf. I don't need a lot of towels, but if there had been 2 of us in the room that wouldn't have been good. I also found the air conditioner unit or blower unit whatever it was to be very noisy and constantly going on and off all nite. It was not condusive to sound sleeping. But, all in all, I thought this was an above average hotel and would definitely stay there again. Parking was pricey. I don't understand why you have to pay to park at a hotel you are staying at in California. There were plenty of empty spaces.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>swhall
<Content>Happy with Hilton We stayed at the Universal City Hilton for six nights. The king bed was so comfortable, even more comfortable than my own bed at home! Everything is clean and well kept. We received a complementary basket several times with fruit, water, and cookies. The bar staff at the pool were really cool and the whirlpool was much appreciated on my tired back. The only problem we encountered was at check-in, the first person we dealt with tried to overcharge me for the king room. We looked at the room first and when we returned to the front desk, we spoke to a different person who gave us the correct rate we booked at. We will be complaining to the hotel directly about that person.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>travellinfool123
<Content>Hit and Miss The Hotel was very close to the LA Metro which was very convinent. But, You have to walk up a HUGE hill to get to the hotel. The hotel offers a shuttle service that goes from the bottom of the hill, to the hotel, and to City Walk. It only runs until 10pm. Kind of a bust....Our A/C never worked. It was sooooo hott at night. We asked the staff to take a look but nothing was ever done. The hotel was very dated and was in need of a face lift.The staff was wonderful.Room service was speedy and accuarate. City Walk was close by.Great View.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>MySongAngel
<Content>Wonderful Service I don't usually write hotel reviews, but I was so impressed by this hotel, that I had to do them the favor of writing a review. I was in awe at how the management has somehow managed to achieve the level of customer service that they have. I have never been to a hotel that had such a consistently noticeable level of courtesy. EVERY employee of this hotel that I encountered, including the bellhop, the front desk people, the housekeepers, and even the parking garage attendant had exceptional customer service skills. They must spend an incredible amount of energy educating their staff on how to interact with customers. On top of that, the bedding was very comfortable, the view was beautiful, and they had a very convenient shuttle to Universal Studios. We will definitely use this property the next time we visit.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bobkatevan
<Content>NIce Location to Universal Nice hotel. We were on the 17th floor and had a great view of Universal Studios. Only a 5 minute walk over to the park. The hotel is very nice. We arrived around 1230. I booked online for two beds and when I checked in was told it was a king size. I informed them I needed two beds and they changed it without complaint and allowed me to check in early. The room was nice and clean. Comfy beds. The window must have had some caulk missing, as it whistled from the wind, but not too irritating. Would recommend to my friends. We paid $17 a day for parking in addition to room costs. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Allways_On_The_Road
<Content>Awesome! My occupation has me traveling every week. Therefore, I stay in a different hotel every week. This is an awesome property! It offers spacious rooms, luxurious bedding  bath linens, huge bathroom, friendly staff, and wonderful view. Again, I travel every week and wish all hotels were like this one!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>aasekristiansand
<Content>God attending universal park This is a god hotel with excellent service. Except they charged me the wrong amount, something I realised when I had gotten home. After a call and luckely for me the reseptionist rememberd me. This hotel maybe has the best breakfeast you could have. Free ride to Universal from the hotell.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>jalacy
<Content>Ok Stay My friend and I stayed at the Hilton 3/7 and 3/8 for its convenience to Universal Studios. This is a long one!Let me start off with the positive points:The staff (all that we encountered) were very helpful and friendly. We arrived late (about 12 AM) due to a delayed flight, so there wasn't anyone else checking in...no complaints there, the process was fast and easy. We had room 1767 which had a beautiful view of the mountains, valley and also overlooked Universal City Walk. Beds were comfortable, although the pillows were a bit too poofy for me, but it's all a matter of preference. The shuttle to Universal runs every 15 minutes like clockwork and we (luckily) never had to wait more than 5 minutes for it. Saturday night the 7:30 shuttle was packed (it picks up people at the Sheraton too), so some people had to stand, but it's only about a 5 minute ride (if that long) to the park. There was a 7:45 concert at the Gibson Amphitheatre that night, so I'm sure that had something to do with the full bus. The down side is that the shuttle stops at 10PM, but City Walk night clubs are open until 2 or 2:30 AM. There is a taxi stop at the front of City Walk. They charge $10.00 to go up the hill...pricey, but worth it if you're in heels and/or have had a few drinks!. Otherwise, the hotel is walkable. The negative points were:Bathtub/shower and sink had a very sluggish drain, not totally stopped up, just slow. I thought the plug was down, but it wasn't. The bathtub faucet constantly ran unless you used force to turn the water off. However, when doing that you notice that the fixture is loose (probably from everyone trying to shut off the water!)...was a bit disappointed in this as I'm sure housekeeping would be aware of this and report it. The bar had my liqueur (yay), but only one bottle!! When they ran out (I didn't drink it all...only had two drinks...really!!!), that was it. I would think they would have had another in reserve if the one they had was low. A minor issue though. After a day at Universal, we returned to our room at about 4pm to rest up and get ready for dinner and the concert, but our room was still not made up. We found the housekeeper and she explained that they had to clean the vacant rooms first. We said ok, told her she didn't need to make up our room and just asked for coffee supplies and fresh facecloths  hand towels. Another minor issue. The biggest gripe I have is with the restaurant there. We went downstairs for dinner a little before 6PM. Since there was a long line for the seafood buffet, we decided to dine off the menu. We (mistakenly) thought it would be faster since the buffet food was already prepared and the wait staff only had to do maintenance since everyone was serving themselves. We figured an hour +/- was sufficient to be done with dinner and get the shuttle to the concert (we weren't planning on eating a big meal).We were seated right away (by this time about 6:05) and we each ordered a drink. Then at about 6:10 another waitperson came over and we ordered two shrimp cocktail appetizers and two caesar salads (one chicken and one shrimp), thinking a salad could be prepared pretty quick. At about 6:20 the waitperson came back and that's when I found out there was no more of my liqueur, so I ordered a glass of wine. Drinks (one rum  coke  a glass of wine) arrived around 6:35. Appetizers arrived at about the same time as the salads, approximately 6:45. The chicken and the shrimp were very dry. All in all, extremely dissappointing for a bill that ended up being a little over $80.00!!! Sorry, but I have to continue...next morning before checkout we thought we would try the breakfast...again we avoided the buffet as we're not big eaters and the buffet was $18.00 per person. Ordering off the menu was a bit cheaper....so-o-o-o-o we ordered the 2 eggs with bacon, hasbrowns and toast (simple). I asked for eggs scrambled well. I received runny eggs and burned bacon. My friend received burned bacon and burnt toast. The waiter didn't come right back to see how things were, so we muddled through it, not really enjoying it, but too tired by this point to fuss (probably a mistake). When we ate just about all we could stomach, the waiter finally came back to serve a refill of our coffee and asked how everything was. I said not too good. He immediately said something like oh the bacon wasn't too good was it and that he would get some better bacon...I said don't bother, we're done...but off he ran...came back a little while later with bacon the way it should have been. What irked me is that he obviously seemed to know when he served us that the bacon wasn't acceptable. We didn't even want the new bacon, and didn't eat it. We just asked for the bill. The waiter credited us for the bacon. He was a very friendly person and seemed to want to help us, but maybe a bit overwhelmed?...I'm not sure. Sorry for the long story, but I'm not a picky person, and can tolerate some inconveniences. However, for the price we paid for the room (including tax approx $230.00 per night), and the rather inflated price of the meals, I would expect better quality. If I had to do it again though...I would probably stay there for the mere convenience of it. The hotel itself is very nice. I would just steer clear of the restaurant, and hope for a room with better plumbing!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>rlonghurst
<Content>Great for a business trip Have stayed at the Hilton Universal two years running and am always pleased. Check in not necessarily the fastest, but the buffet is second to none and breakfast pleasingly replete. Car parking a tad pricey, mind.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kseire
<Content>Perfect! From the moment we pulled up outside until we left to continue our travels, this hotel was perfect. Very friendly Staff and when we checked in we were given the option to upgrade our room for an extra $20 a night. We were very happy to do so and we got a cracking corner room overlooking universal studios. The room we got was fantastic, the buffet breakfast was one of the best we experienced on our travels of the west coast. And the hotel is a 5 - 10 mins walk to Universal Studios and the Citywalk for Restaurants. The hotel also provides a free shuttle to these areas all day, but the walk is nice after a big meal. Cant recommend this hotel enough!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giga914
<Content>Don't Book Your Wedding Here! Horrible, horrible, horrible! We booked our wedding here and guess what? They found a larger party that will make them more money and booked on top of our date! And this is not the first time either! I heard stories from friends, and its not the first time they've done this! On top of that, they won't even compensate us for what they did to us. They treated it as if it was our fault. Me and my fiance were so mad. They don't care about the customers, they only care about their profits.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbbryan04
<Content>better than the competitor I did a lot of research to determine whether we should select this hotel or the one right next to it. There is no question that I made the right choice going with the Hilton. This hotel is clearly closest to the Universal Studio theme park. It was an easy walk, but we also took the shuttle if it was right at the door. The rooms were beautiful and very large. The views were incredible. The hotel's pool was outstanding.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>the-savman
<Content>Absolutely Top Class An absolute gem of a hotel, probably the best we've ever stayed in. Not a single bad thing to say, the staff were excellent, the buffet was fantastic and the general vibe was just so welcoming without being intrusive.A credit to the Hilton chain, you will not want to leave. Pure luxury.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LucY_SP_08
<Content>Perfect! We stayed at Hilton Universal City for 2 nights / 3 days (I wish I could stay at least a week!). I chose this Hotel after reading some tripadvisor's reviews, and did it specially because it's right next to Universal Studios. There is a free shuttle which can take you there and bring you back. The front desk people are very kind and all the employees, as well. The check-in was quick and perfect, despite it's on 3 PM, our room was already prepared when we arrived there (before Noon), what was perfect after our long flight of 12 hours (from Brazil to LA).The room was very comfortable, the bed, sheets and pillows extremelly clean and soft, we felt like being at home. Great view from the room.Restaurant: excelent!I strongly recommend this Hotel, and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jodon
<Content>Almost perfect Wonderful property,great service,short walk to Universal Studios and a fantastic seafood buffet. That says it all.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Calif0rnia_traveller
<Content>Awesome service! Great Location! My wife and I stayed here for a quick weekend getaway and were extremely pleased with our stay from beginning to end. The parking valets were prompt and friendly. The bell staff was welcoming even though we were carrying our own small bag. Three hotel employees welcomed us on the way to the front desk! The check-in experience was fabulous. Linda was not only efficient and friendly, she came out from behind the counter and walked us towards the elevator, pointing out hotel highlights as we walked.We stayed in a corner room on the 22nd floor. Beautiful view! And the room was very large - I'd guess close to 500 square feet. The bed was a typical newer Hilton bed - very nice! While the furnishings appeared to be a few years old, everything was in great shape. And the fruit basket delivered to our room was nice touch.The concierge lounge is open weekends, which seems to be rare these days. Typical evening snacks and continental breakfast. But it's open all day for that cup of coffee or bottle of water.The location is perfect! Easy access to the freewway and all of L.A. And right next to Universal Studios and Citywalk. A short walk puts you in the middle of lots of shops, restaurants and movie theaters.This was one of the best hotel stays we've had lately. Every hotel employee we encountered greeted us and made us feel welcome. We highly recommend the Universal Hilton!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sleepy99
<Content>Top Rate This hotel was superb. We had a room on the 16th floor overlooking Universal Studios and the mountains----breathtaking! Each day we received a welcome basket of fruit and other goodies. What a classy touch! Shuttles were convenient to take to the park and back. The room itself was spotless and quiet. This hotel was rated best by my family as we stayed in 5 different ones throughout our visit to CA.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NewZealandKiwiflyer
<Content>Greatly disappointed Hilton Los Angeles/Universal CityJanuary, 17 2008Traveller from NZVery over-priced -the night we ate at the Hotel the meal was cold and a pizza took forever and it cost a fortune. Someone had been looking through my suitcase and happened to leave a used Hilton pillowcase behind. Complained to security and room manager and I have had no response as to the outcome of their investigation. Handy to Metro - if you stay there eat out and keep your luggage locked. Air con very noisy.Concierge Dora on executive floor was excellent. I wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>mschanel
<Content>Loved the Hilton We stayed at the Hilton Universal for 2 nights 10-12th Jan, the room was lovely, 16th floor with nice views of mountains and universal studios. Excellent position for Universal Studios, they have a free shuttle but really it was a 7 min easy walk! We ordered room service which was really nice, maid service was fine, front desk and bell staff were fantastic, would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mileage_Runner
<Content>Always good to be back at this Hotel       Toilet  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JayGee111
<Content>Perfect for Universal Studios       Universal Studios from our room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ntz4bbl
<Content>Overall a nice stay Stayed at the Universal City Hilton last night rather than drive home after a concert at the Gibson Amphitheatre. The staff at the hotel were very attentive and pleasant. The room was spacious and comfortable. We ordered room service after the concert and it was promptly delivered and good. The beds were comfortable. The only down side was the bathrooms. The room does not have hair dryers and we had a issue with the shower (couldn't get cold water or turn it off). Engineering showed up quickly to remedy the situation.With that in mind, I would not hesitate to stay at the Hilton again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sipivu
<Content>Excellent stay I stayed 3 nights.Location: very convenient for my business meetings, all within 10 minutes by car.Design: Outiside, it is a little old. But the interiro has been upgraded. The room we stayed in was very good.Breakfast: Great buffet, and very friendly staff.Price: We paid about 1000 USD for the 3 nights, which was very good for the quality of experience we had.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>livinginpenang
<Content>Showing its age, but still a Hilton -- Bit pricey This is our 2nd time at the Hilton. For location to Universal its ideal, but at over $200 per night its a bit steep. Maybe the Sheraton is a better value. Its a $75 taxi ride from the Airport and being up on a hill, walking to things other then Universal is a bit tiring. The room is classic Hilton, but its starting to show its age. Last time we came here 5 years ago we had a nicer room and the condition of the hotel was superb. Reception and bell staff are very professional, but there is no concierge in the lobby -- you have to call them. A bit strange. They have a reasonably priced buffet for lunch. The workout room is in a temporary room but the equipment is very good. The pool is outside so its too cold to use in December. Overall everything was fine, it just seemed a bit dated for the price.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>djboise
<Content>Convenient and Good Value I've stayed at this property 3 times this year and have been pleased everytime. If your business takes you to the studios this is an ideal location. If your trip is for pleasure and you plan on going to to Universal Studios look no further. This is your place.Location:See above. But, be aware that there is precious little else in the immediate vicinity of Universal Studios. To be sure, a 15 minute drive can get you to a ton of good restaurants, but the area immediately adjacent has little to recommend it.Restaurant:I've only had breakfast but it was a very good (if not inexpensive) buffet.Staff:Good folks. Always helpful. None of the artificial snootiness one can find closer to Beverly Hills.Room:Clean. Comfortable. Air conditioning works. Endless supply of hot water for showers. The only negative is the TV's I've had were a bit small. How about stepping up to the plate Hilton and putting in some nice flat screen TV's? This is the entertainment capital of the world after all.Parking:The garage is underground and is generally large enough to be able to drive and park comfortably. Although each time I've stayed there I've had to park out a ways due to large parties using the facility.I recommend this property.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Samson1Nj
<Content>Look for another hotel Yes, I'm writing this a little late in the game, but being that Christmas is coming up, I thought I better warn people. The Hilton is lovely to look at (the lobby). However, what everyone else says is true - they nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING - parking, internet, you name it. Sad that such an established hotel must do this. Yes, it is close to Universal, but so is the Sheraton. In fact, if you have a car (most people do in LA - even a rental for vacation), stay somewhere else. Universal is not that hard to get to from basically anywhere in LA. Oh, and as for the fancy dining, there was none here. At breakfast (which is not complimentary unless you're one of their members) in their restaurant, they serve a very large buffet. You also have the option of choosing from their menu (super expensive!). When I went to get some raisin bread (which was not covered - a no-no when TONS of people are coming through), there were fruit flies on it. As I moved to the fruit section, they were there too! I told the manager that they had this pest problem and she said, Oh, sorry about that. Because my husband is a fair man, we went back the next morning (to give them another chance) and found the same issue. After having worked in restaurants, I can tell you that this is not just a one time problem. In fact, if this is what the staff allows the public to see, I would be absolutely TERRIFIED to see their kitchen! Wouldn't be surprised to see them on Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares soon. There were other issues - my card key for the room didn't work - had to go down to the desk THREE times. Each time they assured me it would work - yeah, right. Problems in the room with ventilation - bathroom was FREEZING - no heat in there. Their explanation was that people generally generate enough heat from their hot showers to warm the room. Not acceptable. I've stayed at the base of a snow capped mountain that had a HEATED bathroom. Oh, and just FYI - the hotel is a HUGE place with conference rooms, restaurant, bar, etc. The problem with this is that during the holidays every company under the sun has their Christmas party here or there is some huge convention or another celebrating here as well. I was told that this was normal around this time of year. Problem? There were SO MANY people in the lobby and the hallways (leading to the restaurant and garage) that we had to push our way through them just to get to the garage! Before we checked out, when I asked to speak to the manager about our whole experience, she was always at a meeting, or away from her office. I felt so strongly about speaking to someone in authority, that I left my contact info for the manager to reach me upon checking out. Yeah, it's almost a year later and I'm still waiting for that call. I guess the customer is not most important at the Hilton. Nice. I've actuallly stayed at Sheraton Universal and they had an OUTSTANDING buffet. It was so well maintained and fresh that I asked for the restaurant manager just to compliment him on the fantastic job he and his staff were doing. That was a couple of years ago. Perhaps they're still just as good...  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>tysontrip
<Content>Pay for it! We stayed at the Hilton as it was near to Universal Studios with our 5 year old. The Hilton was the last of the 4 hotels we stayed at during our 2 week trip to the US West Coast, so we are comparing our hotels .... Even though we had an executive room, I was surprised that we had to pay for internet. Sneakily the computers were located in the business area on the ground floor and we were not able to access the computer in the executive lounge.Likewise drinks during cocktail hour were not complimentary as it had been at other hotels during our trip to the US.The room was large, but our twin beds were the smallest we had slept in during this trip.The bathroom products were however one of the best we had.There is a shuttle service between the Hilton, Universal Walk and the Sheraton which was handy as it's on a side of a hill and a bit of a struggle to walk it.It's clean, on the glamour side, nice restaurant, the closest to Universal Studios, however if I wasn't booking it due to its close proximity to Universal, I would not have stayed here.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Annon126
<Content>Great Location, but just okay If you're going to Universal Studios, this is a good selection. You have to pay for parking though (and the parking garage only fits cars 6'4 and smaller or use vallet). Our room was clean, but hot. If you face Universal Studios you also face the sunrise which bakes on your windows. The air conditioner can't compete with the heat in the morning. Staff is nice, and you get a welcome fruit basket. Free continental breakfast avaiable for hilton honors members, but they are discrete about it. Would I stay again, yes but I'd ask for a room that doesn't face the sunrise.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Jamie2521
<Content>A Fabulous Hotel! As a frequent business and leisure traveler, I have stayed at many a hotel. This is one of the best hotel experiences that my family and I have ever had! Official check-in time was not until 3:00 but we were able to get a room before noon as we arrived early. The desk clerk took the time to give us very detailed and helpful information about the hotel and its amenities. Our room was clean, had nice bedding, furniture and a wonderful view. Twice during our 5-night stay, we received a basket full of fruit, cookies and other goodies. Because I am a Hilton Honors member, my family received a free continental breakfast and evening goodies (fruit, hors d'oeuvres, soft drinks, etc.) every day which allowed us to save a considerable amount of money. However, we did experience the hotel restaurant's breakfast and luncheon buffets and the food was quite good. The hotel is just minutes from Universal Studios and the Citywalk with a free shuttle. I was most impressed by the outstanding customer service. Every employee, from the outdoors staff who cheerfully and promptly opened the front doors to the cleaning staff treated us professionally and made sure that we received prompt service. Indeed, I felt that the 3 of us were celebrities! I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HollywoodRocks
<Content>Come here and feel like a star I stayed at the Hilton back in June because my friend and I wanted to go to Universal Studios after our visit to Disneyland.Right as I arrived at the hotel, I was put in vacation mode. The location is very nice. It's isolated at the top of a hill, away from noisy traffic. I got there through Super Shuttle and right as I got off, a greeter asked for my name and led me to the check-in counter. My friend and I are young and we weren't exactly dressed our best that day but we were still treated with respect. I was there 2 hours before check-in time but they gave me a room right away with no hassle. The elevators that take you up to your room were dark and slow. Nothing major but just a slight inconvenience. If you have to meet someone at a set time, plan a few extra minutes for the elevator to arrive.The room we had was great. Our view wasn't fantastic but it was nice enough since we didn't put in a special request. It overlooked the parking lot of Universal Studios. We also saw part of the theme park. The furnishings in the room were nice, clean, modern, and very inviting. The size was also amazing. We had a standard, non corner room but the size was still larger than the standard hotel room. My room only had two people but it could easily accomodate a family of 4-5. Another nice touch is the huge windows. It let in a lot of light into the room and made it very welcoming. The bathroom is large and very clean, even cleaner than my bathroom at home. The countertop was marble and there were a lot of vanity lights. The shower stall was a good size and the showerhead is placed high up to accomodate taller guests. The toiletries that the hotel provides are Crabtree and Evelyn. You get a shower cap, mouth wash, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, hand soap, bath bar soap, and an eyeglass polishing cloth. The beds are very comfortable. King size beds for doubles rooms with high quality sheets and a lot of pillows. I would even say it might have been pillow overload. My friend and I had to plop some down in the closet when we were ready to crawl into bed at night. The next morning, we felt great and very relaxed. For breakfast, we ordered room service. I ordered the All-American breakfast and my friend had granola with yogurt. For room service, the food was very reasonably priced. It's not cheap but it was a few dollars less than you would find at other hotels. When I placed my order, I was told to expect delivery in half an hour. The wait time was actually 10 minutes. The food wasn't gourmet but it was good. If you don't feel like ordering room service breakfast, I highly recommend Saddle Ranch in Universal Citywalk. That place has great food, amazing staff, and a nice ambiance. When we ate there, our orange juice was complimentary. When we went down to start off our day at Universal Studios, the greeter at the door actually remembered my name and said good morning to me. I have never had anyone remember my last name and actually greet me by name anywhere else. An example that shows the attention to detail that they train their staff to have. The hotel has a shuttle that takes you to the theme park but it's not necessary. The walk downhill is only 7-10 minutes to get to Universal. (Little tip for Universal parkgoers: in order to avoid the long ticket lines, buy your tickets at the automated machine off to the left side of the ticket kiosks. It's in between Saddle Ranch and the Universal fountain.)I didn't use the pool but I did go to take a look. It's small but I don't think a lot of guests use it. If I ever return to Universal Studios again, I would definitely revisit the Hilton. I had a great experience there. When I was checking out, there was a short line of 3 guests waiting and the manager immediately got more staff to speed things up for the guests. PROS: large rooms, friendly staff, clean, nice beds, nice bathroom, beautiful furniture, quiet, proximity+within walking distance of Universal Studios, mp3/iPod adapter plug on clock radioCONS: honestly, nothing major that I can think of.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flygirl41
<Content>Will try the Sheraton -Universal Studios- next time...       View from the Hilton  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>yellowtangelo
<Content>Great experience at the Hilton Can't really fault this hotel. The location is superb, five minutes walk to Citywalk and Universal Studios, and the metro station is straight down the hill which then takes you directly into Hollywood. We were put on the 16th floor which gave us some awesome views and our room was impeccably clean. Staff incredibly friendly and very helpful regarding our questions getting around LA. The seafood/prime rib buffet is out of this world - you have to try it if you go! Bookings recommended for that one!The pool area is fab as well, dunno why people go on about the pool not being heated, I thought it was perfect! It was very busy while we were there which resulted in delays with the lifts and we couldn't get a late check-out as requested but very minor things. Would recommend this hotel to all and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lowrider_67
<Content>Great overnight Stayed at the Hilton for one night. We were coming from the coast and had a tour or Warner Bros. and Hollywood planned for the next day. Check-in was quick and the room was above average. It was spacious and had a sofa and desk. The bath was also very nice. We joined Hilton Honors prior to booking and when we arrived to our room we had a nice basket with fruit, cookies, etc. waiting for us. The location is great. Next to Universal City Walk and a few miles from Universal Studios and Warner Bros. It also close to Hollywood. The Cafe at the hotel had a few problems so eat elsewhere if possible.All in all a great night stay and would return if we ever went toured Hollywood again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MrsKD
<Content>Nice but some probs Just stayed at this hotel for a weekend while visiting Universal Studios. Very convenient location. You can walk to the studios in 5 mins, very easy walk. Rooms are nice, beds comfortable.The weekend we stayed, they had a wedding party and were fully booked. This resulted in total meltdown for the kitchen. We ordered dinner in the restaurant which arrived an hour later. It was cold and the side was missing. I mentioned it and they said they had run out sorry! The next morning we tried the buffet breakfast and the eggs and bacon were stone cold. I complained and the waiters were very good and had the kitchen make my kids some more eggs. I'm sorry but a nice hotel like this was totally let down by the kitchen and the food was quite expensive for a bad experience. I would stay there again if I knew in advance that the hotel was not busy, as they just can't cope when it is. The elevators are extremely slow and two were broken when we were there. Otherwise a nice room with a nice pool area which would be even nicer if they heated it a little bit more. Sort the kitchen out and you would have a wonderfull hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>GirlMouse
<Content>Basically nice but some problems       View from our room  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrotterplymouth
<Content>Superb Service at the Hilton My 16 year old son and I stayed at the Hilton for four days at the end of a 2 week trip to the USA visiting East, Central and Western states. ARRIVAL:We arrived in a pre-booked taxi from Anaheim and the door staff were opening the car doors and greeting us before we even realised we had stopped at the entrance. Check-in was swift, efficient and friendly and we were in our room within 5 minutes of arrival.ROOM:We had a superb executive level room with fantastic views out across Universal Studios and the surrounding hills. Lots of space, supremely comfortable beds and pillows and a large luxury bathroom. Everything was spotlessly clean and the air-conditioning kept it cool and comfortable. Wireless hook up for the laptop was really simple and not too expensive.FOOD:A beautiful fruit basket, cookies and chocolate were placed in our room on arrival together with still and sparkling water and this was most welcome after a long day out in the Californian sunshine. Although we knew we could have taken breakfast in the executive lounge we didn't actually make use of this service as we were out and about most of the time. However, we did use room service on a couple of occasions and the food delivered was hot and of good quality. The wet and dry bars were a little pricy but did come in handy when we had settled down for the night but were in need of a quick snack or juice.SERVICE:We only had one minor maintenance problem in the bathroom during our 4 night stay and a plumber was sent within 5 minutes of reporting the leak. As soon as it was fixed, a cleaner appeared with his trolley and the bathroom was clean and spotless again within 45 minutes of reporting the problem!!! Although we had made our own itinerary before we arrived, the TRANSPORT DESK was most helpful in arranging a tour of downtown Hollywood and the Hollywood Hills for us and they were quite knowledgable regarding good places for shopping etc. They also sorted out our taxi for us on our departure day. The door staff were courteous and polite every time we left or entered the hotel and on our final day the hotel were happy to store our cases securely so that we could spend our last few hours wandering around Universal City Walk.OVERALL:Our stay at this Hilton was the icing on the cake for us. We had a fabulous time everywhere we stayed but the staff and quality of this hotel meant we didn't want to leave!TIPS:Take the regular FREE shuttle bus that travels between the hotel and Universal City Walk; although you can walk the short distance it is all uphill and during the summer months was a most uncomfortable journey on foot.Don't bother booking the VIP Universal Studios Tour. If you break down the components included you probably won't want them all and we felt really ripped off by the cost of it!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>proudftd
<Content>a bit disappointed Stayed here one night for business. At $194 I thought I could get unstained sheets/linens, and a spotless bathroom. I didn't. Had a huge corner king room with sofa, and work table. Nice lobby/atrium area. Breakfast buffet seemed pricey, ($17-$19, can't remember) but had huge selection.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Maralora
<Content>Just like staying with family (the good ones!) I recently stayed for 8 nights and the customer service was superb! Beds were so comfortable and the Valet guys became like family by the end of my trip. The only negative in my stay were the elevators (they really need to get new elevators - they were so slow!)....food was great, mini bar was great. I really enjoyed my stay! Even crashed a wedding one night...so fun! Met some really nice people and housekeeping was superb!They should have free internet though and also the parking costs were high because I had visitors from my family coming every day.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	5	1	

<Author>hethers-land
<Content>Love It!!! This hotel is absolutely beautiful! The pool area is like a mini park! Spend the extra $30 to stay on the executive floor, you get free food! The rooms are huge, and have huge windows to look out on. They have a buffet witch is amazingly appetizing! The whole hotel is a gem (meaning the diomand) One of the best hotels I've stayed at! It is also walking distance from Universal!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sugarplumsyum
<Content>Wonderful Experience! My boyfriend and I decided to take a local weekend vacation and booked the night at the Universal Hilton, walked around CityWalk, and enjoyed rides at Universal Studios. This room was beautiful. Everything felt new and classy. Room service was delicious and they even rolled in a table for us...kind of romantic. The next morning, before check-out, we got a call from someone saying that we have room service, but I said that I didn't order room service. The guy on the other end of the phone said that it was an amenity room service (I guess he meant complimentary). They sent us a basket of fruit, snacks, candy, and water. That really made a lasting impression on me and we're definitely going back there soon. Makes it all worth spending a ton of money to stay in-town, pay for parking, room service, and pay per view.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kimba57
<Content>Great staff! Great stay! Loved this place! Checked into 2 rooms on Saturday 8/4/07 at 3:30 pm. Smoothest checkin process we had after staying at 2 hotels in 2 different cities the previous 2 days. Upon arrival we were greeted with smiles and humor from the valet staff. Entered the beautiful lobby and checked in and were greeted with more smiles and humor. Front desk staff was extremely efficient and processed both rooms swiftly. Rooms were ready and as requested. Bags were brought up immediately. Bellman was very friendly and extremely helpful.  As mentioned by others, the rooms have double beds instead of queens, but the ones we stayed in were beautiful and very clean. We found everything about the Universal Hilton to be welcoming and pleasant. Every single employee from the front door to the front desk to the restaurant seems to go above and beyond the call of customer service. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markdunn
<Content>My Kids Loved the Exectutive Floor I used some Hilton points and stayed here last year. We stayed on the executive floor. My kids loved the breakfast and the light dinners. The pool was great but it was kind of cold. The shuttle/walk to Universal Studios was very manageable. It was a fun stay for my family.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carolanngo
<Content>Loved it! The Hilton Universal City was a lovely hotel; and the location is excellent. Of course, Universal is next door, with shuttle transport every 15 minutes. The rooms are updated, clean, and large. The staff members are friendly and helpful. It is a classy place.We did, however, have two problems. We booked 4 nights at one rate. We then had to cancel one night; because we changed the reservation, they wanted to almost double the rate for the entire stay. I spoke with the manager, and he honored the original rate. Also, we booked a king and adjoining queen for the kids. When we arrived, they claimed the hotel was full, and they wanted to give us two kings, not near each other. We pressed the issue, and they amazingly found two rooms together. Other than these two issues, which were resolved, we just loved our stay.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>kingfan100
<Content>Great Location and small but comfortable beds!!! We stayed here 3 nights July 15,16 17. We arrived on Sunday and had no problem checking in around 2pm. I was traveling with my husband and two teenage children. I requested a roll away because they don't like sleeping together, but I was informed that it was a fire code--he seemed to hesitate but didn't offer any other solution. I asked about a refrigerator and he smiled and said that I could break the seal on the minibar and remove thier items and put our items in at no charge. Parking was $17 a day--which is definately overpriced but I assume normal for the area. As soon as we pulled up a luggage cart was brought to our van and the bellman put everything on it and carted it up to our room,. Normally we do this ourself so we felt a little out of sort. It was nice but we didn't know how much to tip. The man came into our room and offered to adjust the temp and get ice, or anything else we needed. He emptied the cart and place everything in a perfect location. I was impressed but we were still alittle nervous about the bellman thing. We usually stay at Embassy Suites where you do everything yourself but there are no ESuites near Universal studios. When we came back at the end of the day there was a small tray with some fruit/cheese cracker and chocolate in our room on the table. Not sure if this was because we are Hilton Honor members or if it's part of the welcome but it was nice. Oh the beds were small but comfortable. Also, I'm a light sleeper and I didn't have any problem sleeping. I don't remember hearing any noises from anyone else near our room. The bathroom was big and roomy which was also a plus. There was a safe with a key right above the minibar which also was good, too.We needed to get to downtown hollywood to catch the shuttle to Griffith Observatory and we had decided to learn how to use the metro subway system. I asked at the front desk and they referred me to the travel desk. Everyone seemed vague about the Metro. It's like the BEST Kept SECRET. Once we figured it out it was easy to use. I knew there was a Metro entrance on the main road before we turned onto universal drive so we justed walked out of the hotel and headed for Universal drive took a left and walked down a very steep hill. I knew I wouldn't be walking back up that hill no matter what. Turned out that Universal City walk has a tram that goes from the bottom of the hill to Universal city walk and then at City walk there's a bus that drops off at Sheridan and Hilton until 10 or 10:30pm. So it worked out great we walked down the hill found the metro bought our ticket for $1.25 each and went down town to Hollywood/Vine. There was only 3 other people riding on a Sunday afternoon. No one took or even looked at our tickets but there are signs posted --big fine if your caught without a ticket. Glad we were able to eat at Johnny Rockets and board the bus to the observatory earlier than our ticket time so that we could get back and take the subway back before it got to late. With the subway being so empty I felt just a tiny bit afraid. As it turned out there was about 10 people or so when we returned, so at least there was more people around. Took the subway back back and walked over to the tram to go to cityway and then at city walk we walked to the sign that said Sheraton/Hilton bus and then we were back at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laura1984
<Content>Unreal experience When i was 16 I won a comp to go to the LA grammy awards. With free accommdation, which was the hilton.......my experience was amazing, and completely unreal!This hotel is probably the nicest i have ever set foot in, i was treated like a queen, free drinks, limo service.....the lot. I actually felt famous!Universal city is only up the road from this hotel and is well worth going to investigate. Great food, amazing bars, wicked shopping, cinemas, everything.Universal studios is a must, very good day out.Overall experience of LA was good, but be warned, down town is not posh or clean......and dont be shocked if you see police with guns....there is lot of that here.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TAXGIRL223
<Content>no complaints at all about the hilton los angeles universal city My husband was called on for business on the West Coast and we, his family, from the East Coast decided to tag along to see California. Some of his co-workers stayed at this hotel and gave it rave reviews. The location is key - it is right next to Universal Studios and City Walk. They have a shuttle which transports you there - shuttle leaves every 20 minutes or so. This was great to do with the kids while the husband was working. City Walk offers so many great restuarants and shops. The staff at the Hilton were beyond polite. You could not walk by an employee without them wishing you a good day/evening. They all were well trained and helpful. When we arrived, we unpacked and got our room in order and went for a nice dinner. Upon returning, we felt that the air conditioner was not as cool as we would have liked it - We tried adjusting the thermostat - but it was only blowing somewhat cool air - so we made a phone call to the front desk and within minutes a repairman was there - He said it was not fixable - and picked up the phone and immediately got us a new room! I hated to unpack - but we were to be there for almost 5 days and the AC is a must!! We moved to an equally nice room - great view of the Hills !! We were super lucky to get this new room - as the hotel was fully booked - it was the week of the 4th of July!! If we are lucky enough to return to the L.A. area - no doubt we will go back! Rooms were spacious and clean - Made this unexpected trip a delight!!! Vickie  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>calihappygirl07
<Content>Okay for weekdays but beware of weekends here! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week long anniversary trip. The beds were nice and comfortable and I loved the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. The walk to Universal Studios is not bad. I don't understand the comments in the past reviews about it being a long walk. The only thing we found to be a little tiring was getting up the steep steps to the walk way that you have to cross to get there but the walk overall was fine. We never took the shuttle once. The weekdays went very smoothly but by the weekend we were wishing we had stayed at another hotel for those days. The buffet they serve at Cafe Sierra comes out into the walk way that you have to go past to get to the elevators and it was packed with people, more so on the weekend then during the week. We never ate there for that reason. Always very crowded and for $36 a head there are plenty of other great places to eat in L.A. that are a lot more affordable. Another issue was the hotel pool, which was so full of children at 10:00 at night that there was not one adult in it. The hotel never bothered to fix the hot tub either during the duration of our stay so there were many unhappy couples who would have enjoyed having that since the pool was taken. But it was cornered off with yellow tape. We asked to be moved on day 6 (a Saturday) due to loud children in the room next to ours. They were so loud that my husband and I could hardly hear one another. So we called the front desk and they moved us up one floor. Curiously, they had mailing tape around the window in the first room we stayed in. For $248 a night, you would think they could do a better job of securing a window. It looked tacky and I'm not sure what the purpose of it was. But aside from those issues we had a good time. However I would not recommend this hotel to a couple without children who are seeking a quite weekend getaway. The Century Plaza in Century City is a lot nicer for a little bit more money and very couple friendly.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>idta
<Content>ok hilton just to say that overall we enjoyed our stay at the hilton, it was close to universal and the 405 freeway. However there are a few annoying problems we paid to stay on the executive floor and found we were on the floor below which wasn`t a hardship except that the lifts were so slow!! and being a renal transplantee the stair option was not too attractive.The executive lounge facility was far too small especially in the mornings serving the two floors of executive rooms or so we thought....however when you consider the numerous upgrades people seemed to be given from other floors offering access to the lounge it felt like a macdonalds most mornings despite the excellent staff.To appreciate a fantastic executive lounge facility you should visit the hilton arc de triumph in paris - it is amazing!! and all hilton hotels should copy this format, the food and drink available was incredible.The rooms compared to the rest of the hotel were a little dated but were clean and comfortable.My family and I would stay here again for its location and freindly efficient staff.doncaster england  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>goingtothesun
<Content>Decent hotel in Universal City My husband booked the room with the Hilton directly for the 2 of us. Upon arrival , we were given a room with 2 double beds, even though we had requested a king or queen. They have no wait list , so we had to check everyday to change rooms. Finally two days later a king was available, though they had no record at all of our request! After speaking to no less than 6 people! None the less, the rooms were very clean , very spacious with decent views. Room service menu is extensive and the food was excellent (pricey, of course).The pool is very nice with an oasis like feel with lawn and cabanas , but poolside service is lacking. You have to really hunt for menus and a phone to place an order. It seems it would benefit everyone greatly to have easy access to smoothies, snacks and cocktails poolside. Nice hottub also.It is a very large hotel so there is no real personal service, and often long waits for the elevator. The location is ideal, of course, for Universal area attractions, but a long way from LAX, Hollywood and the beach. Self-park is $15 a day, valet $20 a day.Overall nice property. I would return if I had an event in Burbank/Universal CIty area.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>dearshazza
<Content>Great location for Universal studios We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights as part of an 11 day holiday to California. The hotel and staff were great, but no less than should be expected for a hotel of the Hilton brand. We stayed in a smoking room and even as a smoker noticed how the fifth floor smelt like an ashtray, but to be expected I suppose as this is the only smoking floor in the hotel I believe. The room was large and nicely laid out, beds were comfy and bedding crisp. Bathroom was lovely, very clean. Only downside really was a stain on the carpet in the room by the side of the bed, didnt mention it though as it didnt bother me that much. Breakfast was fantastic, $17 for buffett and it was amazing all kinds of food, fruit, cereal, bread, omlettes, pancakes, bacon.... the list just goes on. We would stay here again if visiting this area.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>HertsUK_7
<Content>Great Hotel Los Angeles is vast, and as such it is very difficult to locate a entre? I decided to stay for 3 nights at the Hilton, and 2 nights at Santa Monica. The Hilton itself is quite a way from LAX ($80 in a cab), but located steps from Universal studios.The pool is very nice, clean and quiet and gets the sun all day. Thehotel is big and relatively busy, with lost of staff to help out.Room was big, with a large bathroom. If I am being really picky, theelevators took an age to arrive each time you called them!I chose the Hilton because having visited LA before I knew how close it was to the City Walk ?a free, edestrian- friendly?street full of shops, arcades, restaurants and a couple of bars. Very crowded at weekends, but pleasant during the week it a perfect place to go with or with-out kids. The bars charge a cover (about $10) even when it is quiet, which is annoying. But I had a good night at BB Kings Blues Club in the centreof the City Walk. There is also a IMAX and the usual chain restaurants (Hard Rock caf  Tony Roma).  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>KiwiExplorers
<Content>Brilliant stay at The Hilton! Universal City was the first stop for us on a trip from NZ to LAX/Vegas/Cabo San Lucas, so after a 12 hour flight the Hilton was bliss!About a half hour drive from the airport and check in was a breeze. We were tired so ordered room service and had an excellent burger- this was the only time we used the hotel for meals, as we spent all other time just up the road at CityWalk.Universal Studios the next day was fantastic although the 'June Haze' in LA was a little disappointing- still managed to get a bit sunburnt through! Cannot recommended the 'Front of Line' passes enough at the Studios- we were straight on all rides and spent most of the day in the park. Food inside was expensive but you could leave and go to something like Subway at CityWalk, and then head back into the park later.The best thing about the hotel is its location and closeness to Universal Studios and CityWalk. Honestly, we had the best time each night at CityWalk, eating out and popping into some bars. Its open until at least 2am each night and stores are also open until 11pm I think.Best places to eat and drink at CityWalk: Saddle Ranch Chop House (amazing T-Bone) and great bars like Howl at the Moon (something like that) and also the Brewhouse.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>I<3Disneyland
<Content>Will not return We arrived around 8:00 PM on May 26th. I went to check in while my husband waited in the car. Apparently during this time a valet had asked him if we were valet parking and my husband wasn't sure what I was going to pay for. So a manager came over and informed my husband that he believed self parking was full due to three wedding receptions being held at that time so to go ahead and pay for self parking, then if the lot was full, we could valet park for a cheaper price. Well, inside I was checking in with the front desk supervisor. She was very helpful and upgraded my room for free. We booked a 2 bed room, but when she found out it was only because the website wouldn't let us book a King room due to my son being 3. She moved us to a corner King room because it had more space. She was very helpful and we thought we were off to a great start.However, everything changed once we tried to park. The self parking lot was COMPLETELY full that people weren't even parked in spaces, just anywhere. So we came back to valet to try to get the deal that the manager had told my husband about. Instead the valet driver insisted on radioing the lot to find a space. Which the lot attendant swore there were spaces even though we just checked ourselves. They INSISTED that we park in self parking and the manager was nowhere to be found. So I got out with our luggage and son and waited in the lobby for my husband while he parked. The lot attendant made him park in a place that was CLEARLY not a parking space and anyone that turned a corner wrong could hit our car. That's ridiculous...all just so we wouldn't get that deal on valet parking that a MANAGER informed us about. Upset, I went to talk to the front desk supervisor that was so helpful to me. Instead I ended up waiting 15 mins in line (I was the only one) because she was on the phone...trying to work out another guest problem. If you have a 3 year old...you know I was pushing it with him, so my husband decided to come back down after the receptions were over and move the car. I was hungry so I ordered room service, it was good and well priced for room service. Then we settled in because the next day we were waking up early to go shopping. I woke up with my arm COVERED in BED BUG BITES! I took a shower before I slept so I know it had to be bed bugs. A Hilton with bed bugs...for the prices you pay to stay in this hotel, you would think that they wouldn't have this problem. I've stayed in so many hotels from 2 stars and up and NEVER have had this problem before. Then we were hungry and wanted to try their buffet. However, it's not just a brunch buffet for guests, it's for anyone so it was PACKED. It's all in the hallways of the lobby too so it was a little interesting trying to even walk through that area. Then we found out it was priced at $32 a person!!! THAT'S RIDICULOUS! It's because they serve caviar and seafood too....well, I'm sorry I don't eat that and especially not for breakfast so why should I pay that much?I will never stay there again. I would rather stay somewhere else and drive to Universal Studios.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>zoomer-7
<Content>Awesome and great value Location, food and facilites all perfect.Room: Spacious and grand. Bathroom excellent although toilet cistern kept overflowing. Minbar concept interesting with lock and key / plastic seal security - their housekeeping staff are either bad people or they have a high shrinkage problem.Restaurant: words cannot describe how excellent the buffet is. Seafood and any othe type of food in abundance. Wine list good (we had kendall jackson chardonay which was great) and the staff were excellent.Highlight: Frank Barry the piano player - talk to him - he has a great LA history to share and is a respectable guy. Make sure you tip him heaps!Location: Universal Studios next door - what more can I say?Value: Outstanding and great fo families.Internet: Pay to use and average price.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CaliforniaLosthiker
<Content>Average hotel The hotel is within walking distance to Universal City and the Universal walk. They do have a shuttle service if you dont want to walk. The room was clean and the qween bed was very comfortable for my wife and I. Good choice of hotel to stay at when visiting Universal City. We stayed there last weekend and got to enjoy all the beautiful women auditioning for the Pussycat Dolls. The MTV Music Video Awards was also at Universal City that weekend.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>plouni
<Content>Nice hotel Stayed at this hotel on the final leg of our road trip through California and Nevada and was not disappointed. Booked two queen beds on executive floor and were allocated a room overlooking the pool area, large, clean with nice Evelyn and Crabtree bath products with complementary breakfast and appetisers after 5.30pm and complementary fruit basket (in fact we received a second basket after 3 days stay). Nice pool, never too busy. Ate in the Sierra Cafe for the weekend buffet....fabulous if you like seafood and reasonable at $39.00 per person especially if you have large appetites. Very convenient for Universal Studios and Citywalk (for every type of meal). Did'nt bother with the hotel shuttle, the walk was about five minutes away over the pedestrian walkway and invariably we arrived there before the shuttle did. When there if it interests you try the Warner Bros VIP Tour.....great fun and a different experience from the Universal Studio Tour, you can get tickets from Warner Bros online. If you want to do the tour of the star homes thing, try Starline also online but we picked up tickets from a kiosk outside Mann's Chinese Theater, also great fun. All in all a typical Hilton experience and recommended.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>shelma
<Content>Great hotel but be careful if staying on a busy weekend! We stayed at the Hilton for the first 2 nights of our California vacation. We checked in on Saturday May 26th. Our flight arrived early so we attempted to check in early which we had requested. The clerk was very rude when we tried to check in telling us that check in time was 3:00 and check out time was at 12:00. (We tried to check in around 11am) She rudely told us their were no rooms available, that the guests had until 12 to check out and that we could go to the park and try back later. I wasn't upset that we couldnt check in early I was upset about the way I was told I couldn't. We did go to the park and tried to check in around 4:30pm. The new clerk told us at first their were no rooms available, mind you we had pre-paid for our reservation. I started to get angry because it was well after check in time to which I was told that alot of guests were checking out late. I'm sorry but thats not my problem. After alot of typing he gave us a room on the 18th floor. I liked the room, very spacious, and nice decor. Only complaint I would have about the room is the beds are very small. Received a nice fruit basket, room very clean. What I hated the most about this hotel was they have a buffet set up on the weekends right in the middle of the lobby. So when you are trying to get to and from the parking lot you have to fight crowds. There was also 3 wedding receptions being held the weekend we were staying which made the hotel very busy and crowded. We had been waiting outside for the shuttle to universal for 10 minutes before another guest told us the shuttles wouldn't come up to the Hilton because their was too much traffic from all the cars being parked for all the wedding receptions. It would have been nice if a staff member had warned us of that. Because the hotel was packed, being on a higher floor the elevator would stop at almost every floor on the way down and most of the time the elevator was too full for anyone on the lower floors to get on so I would keep that on mind if you stay on a busy weekend! All in all it's a nice hotel, decent price, great location for going to Universal Studios but probably wouldn't stay there on a crowded weekend again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>Somkiat_S
<Content>Fully Upset       not look like advisement  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>N_and_R
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stayed here for a convention, which was held downtown. Since I didn't like the area around the convention center, I intentionally decided to book a hotel in Universal City area. I'm glad I did. The rooms are very nice, and the breakfast in the hotel restaurant was very well prepared.There was very little noise around the hotel, mainly because the building is rather removed from the main drag. I had a wonderful view of the valley from my room.The free shuttle to Universal Citywalk was very convenient. I think this property would be perfect for someone who is visiting Universal City/Hollywood areas for leisure.Only down-side, which was mainly my own fault, is that the transportation to downtown took a long time. In retrospect, this is probably not the best choice for someone who is attending a conference downtown.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>garfieldgal
<Content>Treated exceptionally well at the Hilton Universal City From the moment we stepped onto this Hilton property we were treated like valued guests. The valet service was quick and courteous. Without being asked, the valet told us about the shuttle service and other valuable bits of information to make our stay enjoyable.Robin, at the front desk, greeted us with a smile and a friendly personality. She gave us an upgraded room without asking (as we are Gold HHonors members). She also gave us information about the hotel to make our stay pleasant.We used bell service at arrival and departure, each time having Victor help us with our luggage. What a professional, courteous man he is. He was at our door within 3 minutes of calling for bell service on our departure.Other delightful experiences included a fruit/snack basket delivered to us once we were settled into our room. Also the Executive floor lounge was comfortable and well attended. We had plentiful hors d'oeuvres the first evening, and a great breakfast the next morning. If you wanted, you could make a great meal of either offering. As for the accommodations, our room was top notch. Everything was clean, stocked, and beautiful. We had a great view of the Hollywood Hills and Universal Studios. Just wonderful.This by far was the best stay at a Hilton we've had. I wish our stay were longer. This was a treat and delight. We will be back.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JustMe00
<Content>Happy at first, but left very disappointed (and mad) First, I went back and forth from a 2 to 3 rating, but ultimately went with the 2. The hotel staff was excellent and extremely helpful (which is the highlight of the hotel). The room was very clean as was the bathroom and the shuttle to Universal was a great convenience (save your money and refrain from renting a vehicle - you won't need it).Now the problems... What ultimately upset me the most was the noise. We stayed on the 22nd floor and were awoken in the very early hours of the morning by what sounded like furniture being drug across the floor. We finally decided to call the front desk and were told that security would go to the floor above us to see what was happening. After 15-20 minutes and the noise only getting louder, we called back only to be told that the hotel signed a contract with a film crew and they were filming. Are you kidding me? The man at the front desk offered to change our room (yeah, right - who is going to change rooms at 3:00 in the morning?) then after I became more irritated, he told me that he wasn't the one that booked our reservation. What did that matter? We didn't care who made the reservation and that only irritated us more. If the Hilton is going to contract their hotel, they need to ensure their guests aren't affected by the noise, especially at such an early hour.Also, the food was very overpriced and just wasn't that good. Based on the prices they charge, their food should have been of a much higher quality. Drinks at the bar were also pricey and there was only one waitress, which doesn't seem like too big of a deal, but we had to wait long periods of time for service. Tips... ask if they're filming and if they are, tell them you want to be as far away from the filming as possible (only if you want sleep), eat at CityWalk (many options, food is 100% better and priced appropriately) and don't rent a vehicle because you won need it if you're going to stay in the area. You can get to Universal in the hotel shuttle (about every 15 minutes) and most taxi rides will cost less than what you'll pay for parking in many spots.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>r18l12
<Content>Great Time We are local to the area but wanted a night out to celebrate my birthday. The hotel was fantastic! The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and very comfortable. Crabtree and Evelyn bathroom products. We walked to City Walk for dinner (it's not a short walk - fyi). Would stay there again without a doubt.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Miss_Tracy
<Content>Quiet  This hotel was quite nice. $5 extra per day for them to valet park your car, an added bonus. We stayed here for 2 nights in Apr. 07. Wonderful toiletries - Crabtree  Evelyn! Loved that! Clean and decent sized rooms, very comfy beds w/ clean duvet covers every night (and very soft). Location was pretty good. We drove into downtown LA (Hollywood Blvd et) in about 10 mins. There are no restaurants within walking distance however. We were quite happy with this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njfamilyvacation
<Content>Good, clean and convenient Stayed here for 4 days with my wife and two children (10 and 13) as part of a weeklong trip to California.The 15 minute ride from Burbank airport and proximity to Universal Studios made this great choice for a family vacation to the LA area. Easy access to most highways make day trips around the city easy (for LA that is).The rooms are average Hilton size, clean and comfortable. The staff is pleasant and helpful. There is a shuttle to Universal City Walk the runs every 15 minutes if you don't want to take the 10 minute walk.The only negative was the lack of hot water late one evening. This was corrected by the morning.Executive floor rooms or Hilton Gold members have access to the executive level lounge which provides a continental breakfast. Great choice if you are traveling with children.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RedSox604
<Content>Good hotel, probably the best in the Universal Studios area My party of three adults (girls' week away) stayed at the Universal City Hilton between April 21-28.Location: The Hilton was convenient to Universal Studios/City Walk by walking or free shuttle. It was also convenient by car to some activities we had planned in Hollywood and Burbank. However if you are planning anything at or near the beach, it is a long drive and there seemed to be traffic at times one wouldn't consider rush hour.Check-in: Check-in was smooth, and the bell staff and valet were very friendly and helpful. Our luggage was brought up very quickly and the bellman also filled our ice bucket.Room: Judging from the hotel floor-plan and building shape, it looks like our room (1855) was among the smallest on the floor, and after having two double beds desk/chair, and reading chair, there wasn't much floor space. If I stay here again, I'll request a corner room, as they appeared to be the largest.The room was comfortable enough, but I wouldn't recommend it for three adults. The beds were full size, not queen. I had requested a roll-away, but was informed by the front desk that the hotel is not permitted to put roll-away beds in a room that already has two beds. It would've been nice to know that upon booking or checking in. The desk clerk also could not / did not offer to change us to a king room w/ roll-away, but did offer us extra sheets/blankets so that someone could sleep on the floor (unacceptable). The bed was comfortable, but the mattress sagged a bit - a little too soft for my taste.A nice touch was a fruit and cheese basket upon arrival, with some bottled water, and a second basket was left for us mid-week. We never did get the in-room safe working. It was a key safe, not electronic, and there was no key in the room. Reported to the front desk but they sent up the wrong key. It wasn't a big deal, so I didn't pursue it.Mid-week we returned very late from Disneyland to find that all three of our room keys were not working. I called the desk from the phone by the elevator and they sent security up promptly to let us in and sent up new keys shortly thereafter. Security told us our keys were probably de-magnetized in our wallet by another card, but I find it difficult to believe that would happen to all three at the same time when it had been working fine all week.Cleanliness: Housekeeping did an excellent job each day, and left plenty of towels.Overall the room was very clean and up-to-date, with the exception of the carpet. I agree with an earlier reviewer who said it turned their socks black. I too walked around for a bit with only socks, and they became quite dirty. The hotel definitely needs to invest in carpet cleaning or replacement.Dining: We used room service twice for a late dinner and ate at the breakfast buffet once.The room service food was average (except the gazpacho, which was excellent) - service above average. Everything was delivered quickly and hot. The breakfast buffet was excellent, and at $17 a good deal. There were fresh omelettes, eggs  waffles, as well as what seemed like an endless selection of other items, including fruit, cereal, pastries, side dishes, etc. After you are done with breakfast, they also give you a to-go coffee for the road. The servers at the buffet were friendly and attentive.This hotel has a substantial seafood/primerib buffet Thursday - Sunday that seems very popular with non-guests. The buffet is so extensive that it will not fit in the restaurant and it is set up on temporary tables in the lobby hallway. I had to navigate a crowded buffet line to get from the garage elevator to the room elevator. I am also not a fan of seafood so was quite turned off by the smell that filled not only the restaurant, but the lobby and lounge as well. Even if I did enjoy seafood, I wouldn't visit this buffet as it it set up in a hallway where there is a fair amount of lobby traffic walking by all the uncovered food dishes and displays.Overall this was a good hotel, and I may visit again if I have the need to be in the area. It was a good price and good location if you are planning on going on studio tours or attending television tapings. I have also stayed at the Sheraton next door, which was awful. However I wouldn't use a single room for more than two adults again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>rayray0
<Content>Not Impressed Hilton Universal Hotel was at a nice location, if one wanted to stay close to the Universal Studios and the City Walk. There were free shuttles that ran every 10-15minutes from the hotel to the Universal city walk and back. But to go anywhere else in LA, one had to rent a car.The hotel itself was not bad. The lobby was nice and well maintained, some bellmen were very polite, but not all were. The room was well laid out and looked nice but could have used a bigger TV. Bathroom was clean and everything worked. I found some questionable stains on the carpet. I felt itchy in bed and found a couple of bug bites on my legs the next morning... that was gross. Next three nights were no different... I think they may have bed bug problems.The biggest problem with the hotel was the staff. The staff who checked us in never once cracked a smile. I found that to be odd. As I mentioned, some of the bellmen were very nice and polite, but some were downright rude. Especially when we requested them to hold our luggage for an hour after we checked out so we could go and have lunch before the departure. Also, I resent the fact that they charge for the internet usage. They have highspeed internet available in each room, but you must PAY to use it. They have a business center, but once again you must PAY to use ANYTHING in there. At close to $200 bucks a night they charge their guests, I think they can afford to provide free wi-fi. The Sierra Cafe in the hotel had very nice breakfast buffet in the morning($17.00) and a very good dinner deal between 4-6pm (3 course meal for about $15.00). But once again, some the the wait staff were terrible. When we specifically asked for the dinner deal, their attitude changed immediately and our waiter pretty much forced us to order drinks. He never once came to ask us how our food was or to fill our water glasses. If you don't mind such horrible service, the food itself was very good (better than what we ate at 'wolfgang puck express' restaurant at the city walk... that was a rip off). If you are staying at this Hotel just for the Universal Studios, I think it's a decent choice, but just don't expect the best quality of service from the staff there. You may want to bring your own sheets and pillows if you are afraid of bed bugs.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>adrianhobson
<Content>Close to the action Got a $152 dollar rate from the Hilton website which, at current /$ exchange was fantastic value. Hotel details on the Hilton website give an accurate impression of the property.The hotel is right next to City Walk and Universal Studios with a free shuttle service every 15 mins. Alternatively it was an easy 10 minute walk to the theme park entrance. You feel like you're in the middle of the action throughout your stay.We had a room on 19th floor with great views over LA. Room service menu looked reasonable. Restaurant prices, as you'd expect were on the high side but the weekend seafood buffet looked superb. If you're on a budget there's a wide choice of eateries at nearby City Walk to suit every taste.The pool area was surprisingly pleasant and well-landscaped. 24 hour business facilities mean you can access the internet for a fee. Self-Parking was $15 with in/out privalages. It works out to an extra 10% of the room rate but theres little alternative and parking was, at least covered and secure.A 10 min downhill walk also gets you to the LA Metro. Next stop ($1.25 one-way and 5 min ride) is the Hollywood Walk of Fame etc. Metro is modern and a quick and easy way to access some of the city. The uphill walk back is hard work but, at certain times you can get a shuttle from the bottom of the hill to City Walk and then walk back down to the hotel.Staff were very helpful - especially with directions locally and to our next destination.This was our first Hilton stay for many years (we also had a good experience at Hilton Homewood Suites in San Diego the following week). We'll be back.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Dawnski
<Content>Great Hotel - close to all in LA We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were very surprised when we received a complimentarybasket of fresh fruit on our first night. The room was large and the bedding plush. The hotel is close to the Metro Red Line which took usdirectly to downtown Hollywood. The only down side to our stay wasthat the double beds are a tad small if you are a big person.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelsAllTheTime1
<Content>Very Impressed; some pitfalls I stayed here for a conference in March and was very impressed with everything from the room quality to the staff's attentiveness. The place is immaculate, the rooms spacious, and the services top-notch -- something I've come NOT to expect from big corporate chain hotels. As well, the pool area (and some other outdoor areas) provided very relazing respites from an otherwise grueling weekend of meetings. My one complaint, and it's fairly significant, is that some of my belongings were stolen from one of the ballrooms where our conference was held. This happened to another conference-goer as well. So whereas the general hotel staff is excellent in every way, I am less than happy with the folks they hire to clean up the place. Also their security reminded me of Mayberry RFD.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lawline
<Content>Loved It-Felt like a VIP I stayed at the Hotel for 5 nights in February, 2007 and was very pleased with everything in the Hotel. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The Hotel staff was very professional and nice. The shuttle to Universal ran every 15 Min. It was nice to be away from downtown Hollywood, yet be very close. Would come back again in an instant. Next trip I am staying at a Hilton again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SVEND
<Content>Would Stay Here Again! My family and I (2 adults, 2 children ages 9  12), stayed at the Hilton for three nights in mid-February. After a long flight from New York, we didn't arrive at the hotel until 11:30 p.m. When we arrived at our room, unfortunately, it had not been cleaned yet. This problem was taken care of instantly by our bellman. He immediately lead us to another room within minutes that was clean, large and very comfortable.  The pool was very nice with cabanas for privacy and food and drink service. The hotel's seafood buffet was pricey but worth it. Self parking was a little steep ($15.00 per day) but all the city hotels charge for parking. This hotel is extremely close to Universal. There is a free shuttle bus that picks up right in front of the hotel and takes you over to Universal/Citywalk in minutes.  We really enjoyed this hotel mainly beacause of the staff. They were helpful, efficient and had a great attitude. Next time we come to L.A., we will definitely stay at this hotel! .  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lozaman
<Content>Excellent Hotel The wife and I stayed here last Friday night so we did not have to drive a long distance home after a Mana concert (spanish rock). Although the hotel itslef is very beautiful, it is not opulent, but the staff is what made me give it 5 stars. From the second we arrived, we were greeted by no less than 4 guys at valet parking, we didn't have to lift a finger. As an Hhonors Gold Member, I received a free upgrade to an alcove room without asking. It is essentially a corner room mini-suite w/beautiful views of Universal Studios and the surrounding mountains. In addition, I had access to the VIP suite on one of the private floors (free drinks, continental breakfast, newspapers, tv's, etc). Room service was good and fast, a bellboy came to our room to get our luggage within 3 minutes of calling and held on to them free of charge well past check-out time so we could walk along the Citywalk. They also kept our car in valet well past the 24 hours at no additional charge. We had a drink in the atrium and the bartender stopped by 3 times to check on us. The staff was exceptional in my opinion.The room was roomy, clean and comfortable. The beds at this Hilton are exceptionally comfortable as well (California King). As an added bonus, we ran into and got to meet and take pictures with the lead singer and guitar player of the band we were there to see, which was a lot of fun (they were staying there also). I highly recoemmend this hotel for a weekend getaway or for your stay while attending Universal Studios.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoriMcWood
<Content>Hilton Universal City is top notch!       Another view from room 1565  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zorba22
<Content>charged for minibar i did not use!!! There is clearly a scam on here that targets overseas travellers so beware!!!! Was charged a minibar bill that was simply a lie. And the hotel said that there was no way to verify. I think this is ridiculous. Later I realised on sharing my experiences that it is clearly a regular scam here.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZRacer
<Content>Expensive but overall good value We stayed at the Hilton for our last three days in California so that we could visit Universal Studios. Check in was smooth and the staff very friendly.The Hilton is quite close, a 200 metre walk away and our room overlooked the Studios. The room was more than comfy and quite large and spotless.I cannot understand why you cannot seem to get milk in the USA at hotels anymore and generally everyone is quite stingy with the coffee allocation. The Hilton was no exception.We dined at the restaraunt on several ocassions and specifically for the seafood buffet. The food and choices were good but I thought the price was a little high.The ambience of the hotel was quite good and relaxing. I made the choice of getting the valet parking for the extra $5 per night for a total of $20. We could have parked it ourselves but what the heck, it was our last few days after a nice holiday in the USA.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Miopyk
<Content>Good Service Arrived late (1.00AM) after delays at Heathrow. Only room left was a room with a broken loo. As a HH member asked for an upgrade and got a suite on the top floor.Breakfast was good and overall service was good too.Not the cheapest place to stay for 1 night but pretty good.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JENSBritinCopenhagen
<Content>Nice Hilton, Good location Stayed for four nights with family (2 adults, 2 children aged 12 and 7) during summer 2006. The location is great for Universal Studios and City walk, also for Hollywood Bowl and Boulevard (5 minutes by car) and the hotel is sparkling clean and modern. Our main problem was that we arrived at 9pm after an exhausting trip from London and were given a room that wasn't made up! This was quickly sorted out with the management, however, and we ended up in a large room on the 15th floor with two double beds and a great view to the North over Universal Studios. The room was plenty large enough for a family of four and the bathroom clean and modern with everything you need. We took breakfast every morning in the excellent restaurant. The service was first class and the buffet breakfast the best we experienced during our three weeks in California. Public areas are clean and modern although the outside pool area was a little on the small side. We took the hotel limo for a 2 hour tour around the Hollywood sites and the driver was polite and friendly, but not particularly knowledgable - reasonably priced though. One of the better Hiltons, definitely, particularly if you can get a good rate which includes that great breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>CA*PastryChef
<Content>Fabulous property                More photos  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Bubbly_B
<Content>Fantastic! Loved every minute!       Pool  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lpd5329
<Content>Great hotel Okay, I really loved this hotel. Nice sized rooms, huge bathroom with a great shower, big comfortable bed. It is nice to be close to all the restaurants of CityWalk, while mostly in a quieter area of LA.  It is about a 20-30 minute drive from the airport and only about a 10-15 minute ride to the center of Hollywood and you can avoid the freeway to do it. Also, you can drive north to Santa Monica or Malibu within 30-45 minutes depending on traffic. It is also not far from the Warner Bros studio if you are doing a tour, and not far from the Grove Mall. Anaheim/Disneyland is only a 40 minute drive also.For me, this hotel was located centrally to everything that we did for a week and I would 100% stay there again. I loved everything about it.The only downside, internet access will cost you 9.95 per day. A lot of other Hilton and Hilton family brands have complimentary wireless internet. Room service was also good, but a tad on the pricey side.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>biko
<Content>Fantastic hotel with friendly, helpful staff. Fantastic hotel with friendly, helpful staff.Ideally located for Universal Studios. The only drawback being the hill climb on returning from the Metro after 8.00pm after the last the shuttle bus up the hill had stopped.We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel or indeed should the finances allow, returning for a future vacation.Special mention should go to Stewart at reception for his assistance during our visit, also the Sierra Restaurant staff.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EricC01
<Content>Great hotel       The pool  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CalifBeachBum
<Content>After I Finally got Checked in, it was Fantastic!       Universal Hilton-King Bed  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	3	4	

<Author>Jooley
<Content>Very Nice! I have stayed at this hotel on two occaisions and both times I really enjoyed it. The beds are very comfortable and the linens are high quality. We recevied a complimentary fruit basket filled with delicious fresh fruit and bottled water. The bathrooms are good sized and very clean. I would definitely stay there again and woudl recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WI036
<Content>Wonderful!       Room 1851.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>baldy123
<Content>First Class Stayed at this hotel for five nightsand found it very good,rooms are large and well furnished with very good facilities and wonderful views.if you are visiting Universal studios it is only five minutes walk away and the metro station is at the bottom of the hill so you can visit anywhere very easily and cheaply.My tip would be to pay the extra and have an executive room as you are on a higher floor and have access to the lounge where you can get coffee and a good breakfast.overall I would rate this hotel as excellent.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KJ39
<Content>Darwin Saved The Day My son and I were in LA and on a very tight schedule. We were leaving the Universal City Hilton and needed to print our boarding passes before arriving at the airport that evening. We would not have access to a printer for the entire day - but the website for the airline was down. I spoke with Darwin Wang at the front desk and he attempted to print them out - and even called the airline for us. Even though we were checking out, he said he would check back on the airline site for us later and we should come back and he would leave the boarding passses in an envelope for us at the front desk......And amazingly enough, he did. This was exceptional customer service. This is what makes people want to return to a hotel. We have stayed within the last two years at Hiltons in Greece, Australia and in the U.S. - and on this trip we wpent the first night in a VERY lackluster Hilton (Mission Valley San Diego) where we would never return, but Darwin Wang restored my faith in the U.S. Hiltons. Universal City Hilton highly recommended for great staffing.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccrosner
<Content>Great Location for Universal - Would stay again We spent two nights at the Hilton Universal City and thought it was the right choice for our family of four. We spent our first day touring Universal Studios (which was only 5 minutes away by foot or shuttle) and then had dinner in the Hollywood and Highland mall which is only 10 minutes away. So basically it was a very convenient spot.Our check in went smoothly and our room, on the Executive floor, looked like it had been recently updated. Nice size although I think it was one of the smallest on the floor. We had a large, marble bathroom but no extra sink outside (as I understand other rooms have). Good wifi service for my husband.We had booked the Executive Floor on the Hilton website for an additional $30 per day. I figured it would save us on time and $$ at the hotel restaurant for breakfast. That was true except that the hotel failed to inform us in advance that they were renovating the Executive floors and that the lounge had been moved to a very unattractive, windowless, function room on the 4th floor. I had hoped to be able to pop over for coffee, bagels, etc. while leaving my kids in the room. This wasn't possible with the 4th floor location. I also thought that the staff in the Executive Lounge was not overly friendly and seemed more like waitresses than concierges. I didn't even bother to ask them for restaurant suggestions because they seemed timid. The breakfast buffet itself was as I expected--muffins, cold cereal, bagels, pastries, fruit, coffee and juices. Hopefully the new space will be finished soon as the temporary space is really a downer.We liked the pool area (saw no algae or mold) and the availability of drinks there after a day of touring Universal. While we didn't eat in the hotel, the seafood buffet ($39.95 for adults) looked extensive and well-attended.I would chose the Hilton again and recommend it to you. Just realize that it's not perfect (they never vacuumed the elevator area carpet during our stay there) but for $180 per night including breakfast for four it was a good deal for LA.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Peter&Juli
<Content>Great Location - great hotel ! Stayed here for 4 nights in mid August and choose the hotel specifically for its location. Finding the hotel wasnt difficult as its enourmous and you can see it from miles away. check in was quick and efficient and the bell boy gave us a full run down of the rooms amenities when he dropped off our bags. the rooms are enourmous and easliy big enough for us ( 2 adults  2 kids). our view of universal was great and we could even see the waterworld stunt show from our 18th floor window !. the pool is nice and the grounds spacious. the location is great and within 10 minute walking distance of universal studies  city walk ( use the footbridge ! ) as well as the metro station which is only 2 stops from hollywood  vine ( walk of fame, Manns chinese theatre etc). i really cant think of anything that wasnt good about this hotel - we enjoyed it so much we even stayed a night longer than we intended too !  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liesa
<Content>Wonderful hotel I stayed in this hotel from 6 to 9 July 2006. This was the best hotel of my entire month-long stay in the United States. The staff were very professional and friendly. My room was lovely - it was spacious, had a very large bathroom with shower and tub, and a lovely view on the Hollywood Hills. The basket with fruit, biscuits and water was appreciated. I took some tours of LA with Starline Tours and was collected and dropped off at my hotel. I can recommend Starline's tours.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soccermom14
<Content>Just Okay We expected more from this hotel. The rooms need updating, and most of the staff were just okay. As we were allergic to the feather bedding we requested other pillows and blankets. They delilvered us the pillows and blankets and left it to us to change our own beds, we had to put all the feather bedding into the closets. Also, when a hotel advertises internet access available it does not mean free. The hotel is next to Universal. We were told by hotel staff the walk to the Universal Cily restaurants was just behind the hotel. They didn't mention that it was behind the hotel back parking lot, over a rather dark bridge across a busy road and through another parking lot. The hotel is not close to anything other than Universal, and if you are driving to the hotel and happen to arrive when there is a long line of cars waiting to get into Universal, then you are waiting in line to get to the hotel driveway. If you are spending the majority of time at Universal then the hotel is convenient, but if not then there are better locations to stay at.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlMaddern
<Content>Outstanding for Universal Studios We stayed here for our first night in California specifically for it's location next door to universal, and it really is NEXT DOOR. From the front door you can walk to the park entrance and Universal CityWalk in 4-5 minutes.The room was massive, clean, very comfortable and a had a great view of North LA. The front desk staff where great and very helpful. The morning buffet was excellent with an extremely varied assortment of European, Asian and American items.Parking was about $14 for the night.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>twink4
<Content>A Perfect Choice for us!! We chose to spend 2 nights at the Hilton after viewing this site and couldn't be happier with our choice! We knew it would be close to Universal and Hollywood so the location was just right. When I originally called (just last week--3 days prior to our trip) the only room available was an accessibility room at a rate of $169. Our family of 4 didn't mind having this room, but at check in, we mentioned that we didn't need an accessibiliy room so if something else was available, that would be fine as well.The woman checking us in couldn't have been more helpful in checking other options. Sure enough, she offered to upgrade us to a jr. suite--for no additional charge!!Our 2 sons were THRILLED to be on the 16th floor overlooking Universal. What a view!!Our room was extremely clean, the beds were heavenly and we found a lovely fruit and water basket waiting for us after our CityWalk evening visit.We easily walked to the park and even walked down the hill to take advantage of a metro ride to Hollywood Blvd.(El Capitan theater, Kodak, Grahmans, etc.)--just one stop away. So simple and convenient!!Loved the pool and the spa as well--clean and relaxing. We brought coffee and muffins (from the gift shop) there for breakfast. I only wonder why this hotel doesn't offer a coffee bar and quick/easy snack buffet for those families wanting to zip to the park. Their buffet options look beautiful, but are pricey and would take too much time for families on the go.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ANES
<Content>Hilton Universal- A Good Choice Stayed Four nights in August, 2006, and besides for the hot water not working for a few hours one night, the stay was very nice. The staff were very friendly and helpful with info about universal and the area. Only problem was that the conssieurs were on another floor and not available to speak with. Hotel shuttle was easy ride to Universal, and parking was not an issue. Very close to the interstate and all things in Hollywood. Rode the subway to Hollywood one evening. Only a short 10 min. ride away, and felt very safe. Parked at the subway stop down the hill, a rather long walk uphill if you choose to walk. Hotel was clean, A/C worked fine, and bath and room were very large for a family of four. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>A_Dig
<Content>Awful hotel, dirty, just a tourist trap       Gross Blanket stains  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussie08
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Hilton Universal having stayed there before. It is the closest hotel to universal, an easy 10 min walk away (there is also a shuttle). The only complaint we would have is the slowness of the check in staff. Not just for us but everyone it seems. There is no express here! they really need to improve their service and streamline check in. It also took 30 mins for the bellboy to collect our bags on checkout. The pool is a decent size but is in need of repair and the hot tub is even worse. This hotel needs some TLC in some places whilst others appear to have been recently refurbished. We were on the executive floor and this was in very good condition. The breakfast buffet is very good with excellent variety.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tonya
<Content>Excellent hotel and location My mom, husband and I stayed at this hotel in mid July for two nights. We had two rooms, executive floor, king beds, non smoking. We checked in around 5:00 on Sunday evening, no problems with reservations, both rooms were ready. I had requested that our rooms be near each other, my request was granted. The lady that checked us in was very friendly, she gave us one room with a Universal Studios view and one room with valley/interstate view. Rooms were very roomy, the bed was out of this world comfortable and the shower was amazing. The only negative I could find was that there was an odor in my mom's room, which the housekeeping staff told her was the new carpet (didn't look new, but they said it was), they brought her air freshner which helped for a little while. They were in the middle of remodeling, they were in and out of rooms changing out furniture, however that didn't bother us, as we weren't there. We went to the executive lounge for appetizers and drinks, when we returned we found a tray of fruit,water and cookies in our rooms. Parking wasn't an issue for us, we actually ended up in the same spot each time we came back, the only problem was that our room key wouldn't work most of the time as we used it to exit the parking garage. This is a great place to stay if your sightseeing includes the Hollywood area, it is easy access to the interstate and only about a 5 min drive. I will definitely stay here again when back in the area.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Carlstadt
<Content>Closest Hotel to Universal I read prior reviews and must agree with much of what I read.There are 2 hotels near Universal, the Sheraton and the Hilton.The Hilton is the closer of the 2.I understood that there was a shuttle, but we simply walked from the hotel to Universal, probably a 5 minute walk to the entrance of Universal.The hotel parking lot was huge, and I was lucky enough to find a spot on the ground level.There was a separate elevator that takes one from the parking garage to the lobby, then a different elevator that took us from the lobby to the room upstairs. To me, this is not even an issue. Upon checking in:We got there real early and a room was not available, so we just kept the bags in the car, spent the day at Universal, and checked in at night. We were actually prechecked in when we got there by the desk clerk, as he knew what room we would have, it was just that the room was not ready, as it was still before noon.The clerk told us about an upgrade, which we took , as we were entitled to the free breakfast in the business wing on the upper floors, with this upgrade. The room was enormous and quiet.The girl who eventually checked us in at night was originally from our part of the country, so we had a really nice chat with her.So, both the morning and evening check in people were well spoken, knowledgeable and friendly, which I found soothing.Some relatives took us out for the brunch at the Hilton, and it may be the most incredible buffet that you will ever see.There were all sorts of foods in the dining room, and if that was not enough, there were more choices in the hallway, in both directions.Conclusion:Great parking Great roomGreat staffGreat buffetNearest hotel to UniversalWhat's not to like?  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AJSG
<Content>The best location There are two hotels on site at Universal Studios: the Hilton, and the Sheraton. The Hilton is closer. it was a five minute walk to Universal Studios and a shuttle that ran often. Continental breakfast was adequate. The only negative the walls are a little thin we could hear the children next door, but overall a good place to stay while visiting Universal or LA.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nj_vacationers
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I chose this hotel based upon other reviews on TripAdvisor. We agree with most other reviews -- the location was great (right across the street and within walking distance of Universal Studios), the room was clean with plenty of space and the staff was friendly and helpful. The only thing we couldn't figure out was where to self-park without a 5 minute walk to the lobby. This hotel is also a great starting point to other area attractions, including Hollywood (studio tours), Walk of Fame and the Chinese Theatre. Driving time was about 5-10 minutes. We missed the dinner buffet, but it looked great!! We also didn't have time to use the pool since the location of this hotel was perfect for other sightseeing. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visting the Hollywood area.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chitown962
<Content>Great place to stay Great place to stay. The shuttle works to universal city walk/studios is a great idea. Gets very crowded after 9:00 pm. We walked back to the hotel (no more than 10 mins.) Rooms were well kept and service was what you would expected. Food as a little high priced but I thought it was worth it.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst customer service - Stay at any other hotel This hotel is not worth considering. Horrible customer service. The only favorable factor is that it is close to Universal Studio. The information at the hotel is not synchronized with Hilton corporate site, which creates total confusion when you make reservations through Hilton direct numbers. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>minkymeen
<Content>Perfect location This hotel is perfectly located for Universal Studios ?just a short walk away which is what our main aim was. It was also easy to get to from the 101. The room was large and clean and included in the price was a buffet style breakfast which was very varied and more than adequate. Grounds of the hotel were lovely and staff very friendly ?car parking was $10. Would definetely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jmjh02
<Content>Great Location and Great Price The Hilton Universal City is a great find. My family which consists of 2 adults and 2 children stayed here for 2 nights in June 2006 for $159.00 a night. The service was outstanding. From the valet service, bell boys and desk help, we were made to feel very welcomed and at home. Our room, of 2 double beds, while not overly large, did have ample walking space around the beds, desk, and cabinet with TV. The room was very clean. Internet service was available for an additonal charge, as were games and movies on the TV. There was not a refrigerator in the room. The soundproofing in our room was excellent, as we never heard any noise from the surrounding rooms or hallways. The view from our floor to ceiling windows couldn't be beat. The short walk to Universal Studios and Universal City Walk made this hotel location very convenient. It took us about 8 minutes to walk to the locations. The hotel does offer a tram service, but the walk was quite easy and enjoyable. This hotel was also a great location for a visit to The American Girl Place in The Grove. It took us a short 20 minute drive to reach The Grove. We all enjoyed our stay at The Hilton Universal City, and would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VACOUPLETRAVELS
<Content>WONDERFUL HOTEL! We would stay again....       Sleeping area, king size bed  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelingfromTX
<Content>Good Hotel/Great Location Some things were above average/some okay with problems so gave them middle of the road 3 circles out of 6.The check-in staff was very helpful. Sold out of room choice so gave us 7th floor with view but too low of a floor for a great view! Hotel was sold out and the staff couldn't handle that. We were supposedly on a non-smoking floor but smelled the whole time. Promised deodorizing but never addressed. The hotel ran out of pillows--never heard that in my life, so no extras!! The first night and first breakfast excutive lounge was crazy and ran out of food and coffee. But, they did snap in to action and handle things better in the lounge on other two evenings/mornings.There were a lot of banquets for proms, weddings, etc. and extra guests for that. Some of the prom teens were loud and ruid.The lobby was pretty. But our room was small, old carpet (I think since opened 22 years ago!), and smelled.The bell staff, transportation desk and front desk were over friendly and helpful.The drivers of free shuttle were prompt and friendly.Definitely would never stay anywhere else to do Universal and Hollywood/Beverly Hills. Parking was reasonable and we were 10 minutes from center of Hollywood (walk of fame, etc.). Not bad from Beverly Hills even with afternoon traffic.If not doing park would stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place My wife and I come from New Zealand and stayed at the Hilton from the 8th to 12th April and loved it. The staff were friendly and very helpful, the room was on the 20th floor and had a good view of the city. It was big, clean and comfortable. There was no fridge in the room but one was quickly brought up at no extra cost.The location is great, right across the road from Universal Studios and there is a super market 10 minutes walk away. On the last day our shuttle failed to arrive so the hilton gave us there town car, a limo, and drove us to our next destination, now that's service. I would strongly reccomend this hotel to anyone going to LA.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bawlmerboy
<Content>Great Stay  This is a great place to stay even if you're not visiting Universal Studios (I was attending the final of American Idol) this is a large convention type hotel but the service is personalized and down to earth. My room was HUGE with a marble accented bathroom and a bed that I would iked to have taken home with me. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants but did take advantage of the Executive Level lounge with offers evening hors d'oeuvres and continetal breakfast. The appetizers were basic but tasty and filling the breakfast was a littleon the skimpy side. Just bagels, cereal, fruit and coffee/juice.If your're in between visits to Universal Studios or a meeting then relaxing at the pooll is a treat. Overall the service, accomodations and value is worth a vist.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gonzo73
<Content>nice place, great location! We stayed at the Hilton during our visit to Universal Studios. The location was close enough that you could walk to the park , if you don't mind walking uphill and then up some stairs(good exercise though!). The lobby was very upscale and the staff at check in were very friendly and helpful. The staff allowed us to check in 8 hours early on a Saturday.  The room was pretty large along with the bathroom. It would've been better if the mirror and sink were outside the bathroom to prevent fogging up but, no big deal. The room also had a huge window that made for a great view of the park. The biggest problem with the room was that it smelled of cigarettes and had a burn in the blanket. Other than the aformentioned problems, the stay was great.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nikki333
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at this hotel May 6-8. We booked the two doubles in the executive area. The executive room gives you complimentary breakfast and hours douerves in the lounge.Pros:Comfy beds!!! Love the sheets and comforters and pillows. The bedding was wonderful! Housekeeping kept our room very clean. The lady even knocked on our door after we got back to ensure everything was okay. Room service was great. Friendly service. Yes it took awhile, but we could hear the phones ringing off the hook when we called.Comp breakfast in lounge had a good selection. Bagels, pastries, fruit and cereal.Elegant looking hotel from the lobby to the room and on to the parking. Spotless.Cons:Parking for registration, if you are not valeting, is a bit confusing. Valet just held our car for us by the front and then we self parked.Dining was strange. Buffet only in one restaurant on certain nights and the lounge area downstairs was not really a full meal. More like expensive finger foods. It is within walking distance of Universal Studios, but you have to walk partway on the street. It is marked with a little walkway though, but we had to ask for directions before leaving the hotel as it isn't marked until you are halfway to the park. Comp evening hour douerves were few. Potato skins and empanadas. A fruit tray and some cheese completed it.I would stay here again. It was a bit formal for my taste, but the service and cleanliness were great!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aloha808
<Content>Swanky!               More photos  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dephal
<Content>Overall, quite pleased with our stay I came here for 3 nights for a conference, but my family tagged along. The room was quite spacious enough for 2 adults and 2 young children, and it was very clean. The staff members were helpful when we had questions, and we were given a complementary basket of fruit,water, and cookies on our first night. Housekeeping was excellent; they really did a nice job cleaning our room each day.Universal Studios is about a 10 minute walk away, but this walk is difficult if you have a stroller or wheelchair, or if you have problems with stairs. However, there is also a free shuttle that runs about every 15 minutes. There are plenty of places to eat at City Walk. But if you plan to visit anywhere else in LA, you'll need a car.I have only a couple of complaints. The physical layout is not great--it's hard to find the elevator to the parking garage, and the pathway to Universal Studios and City Walk isn't well-marked at all. They also charge $14/day for parking (although in my case, for some reason they only charged for one day instead of 3). Finally, internet is not free. You have to pay $9.95 a day, and it's not even WiFi.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Enjoyed our stay here very much. Staff were friendly and helpful . Had requested early check-in and got it with a smile. Room was clean and spacious. We had a great view of Universal, the freeway and surrounding hills. Restaurant is expensive, so we had most meals at City Walk. There is a shuttle to Universal Studios/City Walk which is frequent and convenient. Another shuttle takes you almost to the metro stop, which we used to get to downtown Hollywood. The best hotel we stayed at during our vacation.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bestbet33
<Content>I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat.       Executive Floor Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swelch
<Content>FIne for a conference - nothing special This a a completely adequate but not at all special hotel. I attended a conference at the hotel, so it was very convenient, but the decor could definitely use an update - it looks like the lobby and cafe were done in the mid 80s.Rooms were large, clean and reasonably well appointed. Room service was prompt and decent quality, with a reasonable selection.Easy-to-use internet access in the rooms, although it was down for the whole hotel for 3 hours during my stay - very inconvenient! I also had a snafu with messages in which a message was not delivered to me because I recieved two messages from people with the same name and the desk clerk assumed it was a duplicate.If style and service are important to you - I might consider looking elsewhere. If you're looking for a decent and reasonably affordable place to stay that is convenient to Universal Studios, this is not a bad choice.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SavageTraveler
<Content>Best Location for Universal!       King, Corner Room  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSIMelissa
<Content>Second Time Here - Still Great! Stayed here March 18-25 with my mother. We had stayed here last year and loved it and since we needed to be in the LA area again we decided to stay here again.This year I booked on line for a room on the executive level... Although my pre-paid reservation was for a room on the executive level they didn't have any available when we got there so we were in a room on another floor. (We were assured the rooms were actually the same.) We were given the key to access the executive lounge however, until I advised the front desk two days into our stay, we were not receiving the turn down service or the daily newspaper we would have received if we had actually been on the executive level which is what my reservation was for.The executive lounge had a nice continental breakfast - cereal, fruit, yogurt, pastries.... The breakfast buffet on the first floor was great too if you wanted things such as eggs, bacon, waffles and the like for breakfast. The buffet also had a wide selection of Asian foods as well as other pastries, fruits, cereals and yogurt.In the evening the lounge had appetizers.Most evenings we had dinner at the City Walk. They have a great selection there and a shuttle will take you to and from the hotel for free. Our 16th floor room was nice (although the wallpaper did show a bit of wear) and we had a great view of the 101 Freeway, the surrounding hills and Universal Studios.All in all we had an excellent stay and despite the fact that we weren't actually on the executive level like I had paid for, we had a good time. We will definitely stay here again when we return to LA.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hapeit
<Content>Great Location to Universal and Hollywood Good hotel at a great location. The staff was very helpful. The only negative i found was the $14 per day parking fee, but I guess that is OK for L.A.I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, a little pricey, view was not the best.. The location to Universal was great...you're able to walk there if the weather permits, but there's also a shuttle every 10-15 minutes in the morning, and 15-20 minutes in the evening that will take you to Citywalk. The staff was friendly and more than willing to help and answer any questions.We stayed on the 4th floor, which was not that high up, and on our side, the view was of trees, part of the freeway and a carlot. (We weren't there for the view, but maybe something a little more exciting!) The ice machine was diagonal from our room, and would've been perfect if it actually worked. So, we decided to try the next floor up (since the lobby was on the 3rd floor [yes I know, weird!]). As soon as the elevator doors opened, it looked like there had been a wrestling match on the 5th floor! Maybe they were doing some renovations? It was dusty, looked like parts of the ceiling were all over the floor. Some signs to warn guests would've been smart. Isn't that some type of saftey hazard? After looking @ each other and deciding NOT to try the ice machine there, we headed to the 6th floor.I paid $159 per night which now I think was a little pricey...I would definately stay here again if the rate was no more than $100 (based on the location and service, not the hotel  room itself).  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PinoyDoc
<Content>Accessible to mass transport, if you'd rather not drive I stayed at the Hilton/Universal City for business reasons. It was a nice hotel, though somewhat dated. I had a room on the 10th floor with a nice view of the mountains and the freeway (with the famous LA traffic). The City Walk was quite accessible via a shuttle or by walking over. To get to the Hollywood landmarks one usually drives, but the Metro can easily get you there. There is a station just down the hill; you can walk down and cross the street. Walking back from the station is more of a challenge because of the somewhat steep incline but we learned another way: take the Universal Studios shuttle (which stops at a covered area at the bottom of the hill) to the ticket area then walk a liitle to get to the shuttle stop for the hotel, or walk over to the hotel. The concierge was able to provide a Metro Map but we had to find out about the getting back to the hotel bit on our own. The drive to the airport can be quite a long one, so make sure you have a lot of time. Overall the stay was pleasant, but not extraordinary.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Neuroelf
<Content>Perfect Location...Very Helpful Staff! We spent a week at the Hilton Universal in January. We used it as our home base for a week spent touring Southern California. The location was excellent...minutes from downtown, walking distance from City Walk/Universal Studios, and about 2 and a half hours from San Diego - where we spent a lovely day at the Zoo and then drove back to the Hilton Universal the same day. The Hotel is 10 minutes from horseback riding under the Holywood sign...the highlight of out trip. Check in was a breeze. When I went to self park the car (my choice - valet also available) my wife called from the room to tell me we had inadvertantly left a suitcase at the airport. We were staying on the Executive level and I wasted no time availing myself of the concierge services in the Executive lounge. Ma'ayan, the concierge, melted away my angst instantly. She got on the phone and spoke to her contact at American Airlines. They confirmed that they had the bag and she arranged a messenger service to deliver the bag to the hotel for a nominal fee. All this while I was relaxing in the lounge eating a danish and coffee!....Although a bit cold for the pool in January, my daughters enjoyed a late night dip in the outdoor hottub (open until midnight) after a tough day of sightseeing. There are plenty of restaurants available for dinner at CityWalk, a short walk away. Meals in the hotel were pricey for a family, but were beautifully presented and plentiful.After overeating in the Executive lounge (included in the room fee) I made good use of the on site gym. The upgrade to the executive level is well worth the fee, especially if you are traveling with kids. Mine particularly enjoyed the free daily breakfast.During your stay, I recommend visiting the 3rd street promanade in Santa Monica, Venice Beach, and taking a drive though Malibu Canyon. You can avoid Disneyland, the NBC studios tour, and the Santa Monica Pier.Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>The_Hotel_Reviewer
<Content>Overpriced but well located to Universal Theme Park       Sofa  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The room was ok ....BUT service ...... Me  my husband chose this hotel because its a walking distance to the Universal Studio. Day before our arrival, i called the hotel to let them know that we'll be arriving early. The hotel person said that there should be any problem coz the hotel is not booked. Upon arrival @ 9am (from a 6hrs drive) we tried to check in but the front people said that no rooms available  we were asked to go back @ noon. Although we were very tired from the drive, me  my husband went to universal studio and start our 2 day pass. At around 2pm, we decided to go back to the hotel to check in and also to refresh ourselves. Unfortunately, they didnt check us in until 4 pm (passed the check in time which is 3pm). The following day, we spent the whole morning at the studio. In the afternoon, we decided to go back to the hotel to take a nap. Before going to bed, i asked my husband to close the curtain and turn off the lights so that we would have a good rest. And while we were sleeping, i heard somebody coming in the room and turn on the bathroom light (If you enter the room, the bathroom is in your right  you have to walk few more steps to see the bed). I was shocked for a moment  i listened to whoever was in our room. I could hear that he was in the bathroom making some noises. When i tried to wake up my husband, that person probably heard me  so he turn off the light and slammed the door way out. My husband was shocked to hear the slamming of door. We called the front desk, and they were not helpfull at all. All they asked us to do is to fill up a complaint form since nothing was stolen.Im wondering what was that person doing in our room??He probably didnt expect anybody in the room coz its around 3-5 pm that time. I just want to warn anybody who stays in this hotel to watch out for your important belongings. Coz it seems to me that everyone has access in your room.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JamesandJill
<Content>It should have been better We arrived from Texas on 12/31/05 for the Rose Bowl Game. Our check-in was fine but the next day we went shopping and upon our arrival, we had been locked out of our hotel room. (our reservation was for 6 nights using our Hilton Honor Points and the final night paying by credit card for $180.00). We were very worried as our Rose Bowl Tickets were locked in the safe inside. The girl working the desk reprogramed our cards and we were able to get back in. But, it appears that the manager, Phillipe, chose to refuse the Hilton Honors points and I spent over 6 hours trying to straighten it out. The manager tried to bill us for New Years Eve (4 times the regular cost) since it was the most expensive night of the year instead of our final night. It was only after much complaining to the corporate headquarters did anything get resolved. This hotel basically refused to even help us. We had to pay the hotel to use the internet service and to print each page to prove to them we had a Hilton Honors reservation. We booked this reservation several months in advance and I think the manager was upset that he was not able to collect payment for the 6 nights. It appears that due to the Rose Bowl, a majority of Hotels were sold out in the LA area. It was only after Hilton Corporate made several phone calls, directly to the Hotel over several days did we finally get everything organized. The manager guy, Phillipe, is very rude.I would never recommend this hotel to anyone if you are expecting a really nice hotel. Stay at the Sheraton next door. I know I will  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lynlynch
<Content>Mixed Review After extensive research done on this and other websites, we decided to stay at this hotel for a week on the first leg of our summer 2005 West Coast trip. We chose the concierge(club) level as the amenities offered (drinks, light food) was worth the small extra fee and afforded us the ability to have a quick breakfast or light snack during our days in Los Angeles. Note that rates for less than a week were charged at a daily rate, once we decided upon 7 nights we were given a cheaper weekly rate.The location was good. For visitors to Universal Studios, a short walk got you there in about 7 minutes. We avoided most of the LA traffic by staying here, as it was easy to find off-highway routes nearby that, with the help of a map, took us wherever we wanted to go. We did a lot of driving around and felt our location was a bit far for some trips (such as the beach) but centrally located to the highway, simplifying most other excursions.The hotel was clean, the most important criteria. As we arrived at our room we saw carpets being shampooed between guests. The room was a good size for two adults, one teenager, and one pre-teen, but kids shared a bed. I believe there was a sofa that could be pulled-out, but I'd double check that if it pertains to you. The bathroom was very clean, toiletries plentiful and of excellent quality. Robes, hairdryer, iron and board were provided. Beds were comfortable, nice linens, great pillows. Separate check-in area at main desk for concierge speeded up the process.Something to keep in mind - we were on the 22nd floor, and the noise from outside seemed a bit loud for a floor this high. We just couldn't put our finger on why until we realized, though the windows had a bolt on them to keep them closed, one of ours was open. Not only was street and park noise creeping in, but all it took was a slight push to fully open this unlocked window. We called and received immediate response from the staff. A noise issue in the next room, however, didn't seem to rate any attention at all. We called the front desk, which passed the buck to security. Luckily this was at the end of our stay, as nothing was done about the noisy neighbors.The concierge lounge area well-monitored. Guests had to sign in. Card access was required on the elevator to access these upper floors. The food choices were limited. There were light breakfast items, coffee, teas, and juices ?OK for a family on the run. Water and soda was available during the day, however it was requested that you not take it from the lounge. We had no problem taking water or soda with us. Keep in mind that you have to ask for your beverages as they are kept in a refrigerator in another room. This is inconvenient, as you have to wait until staff can assist you, though they do their best to keep on top of it all. Evening choices were limited (snacks and one warm appetizer dish) and there is a charge for alcoholic drinks. Personnel in the concierge room were very helpful in getting us tickets to a studio tour, and very pleasant. In fact, one sweet lady took a liking to our children and made a special effort to give them each a small gift the last day of our stay. Per the Hilton website this service is offered Monday through Friday, however we also found the lounge staffed on the weekend.There is an easy walk down a hill to the train station that will take you throughout California's metro system. Beware of the steep walk back. It was not a problem for us, but if you have strollers, elderly or young children, wheelchairs, you would not want to attempt the hike. There are free trams and buses taking guests and park visitors up and down the hill to Universal City and/or hotels. Be prepared to wait, however, as they run slowly and fill up fast. Hollywood Boulevard is only a few stops from the hotel on the train. Fair was about $1.50 each way for this venture, per person.One negative is the lack of nearby fast food and/or supermarkets. City Walk can easily be accessed for evening dining or entertainment, however when staying for a week, that becomes repetitive. We had a rental car (definitely needed to stay at this hotel) and drove for food. There is a supermarket about a mile or so away and lots of Dollar stores. No need to carry too many supplies with you. Between the hotel offerings and these stores, it's easy to buy what you may need. There are no laundry facilities at this hotel, though they will do it for you for a fee. We searched the Internet ahead of time and found suitable laundromats within a couple miles and did our washing there. This is a big negative, however, as you must plan it into your trip. There is a pool and fitness room. Though we were unable to swim due to weather conditions, the pool was unremarkable as this is not a resort. The hotel's shop seemed limited in its offerings and hours. There is a restaurant and a separate lounge area. Though the restaurant offered elaborate themed buffets, the prices were very high. Be prepared to pay a daily parking fee of about $10 or $12.This Hilton caters mostly to the business traveler. Though we did not feel out of place as a family, they did not offer the experience a mom and dad with young children would like. If your kids are older, you may consider this hotel. Universal Studios, however, can be covered in two days. Have other plans and be ready to drive or take the train if you plan to stay here longer.We would not eliminate this hotel in the future; however it would not be our first choice. I will also be reviewing the Embassy Suites South in Garden Grove, California and the Venezia Tower at the Venetian in Las Vegas.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Locations My family of 4 stayed here while visiting Universal Studios Hollywood. The excellent Hotel is right across the street from Universal and we were able to walk there easily. This Hotel is as good as everybody says. We stayed on a club level floor for about $25 per night more and had a breakfast included and also free snacks at night. The room was comparable to any 4 or 5 star Hotel that we have been at. I would highly recommnd you staying here.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pink_Pong
<Content>Best room ever... feels like honeymoon I was in LA for holiday and was very impressed by this hotel. I was at another 2 star hotel near hollywood walk of fame cos I heard its more central. But the condition of that hotel was so horrible that I checked out after just 1 nite and moved to Hilton. It was my best decision during the trip. We got the 14th floor overlooking universal studio. Room has a great view with the best bed and bathroom. Best of all, we got the room at just slightly over $130 per nite. It is only marginally more expensive than the 2 star hotel we stayed the nite before at Hollywood. We drove, so the location was not a problem at all. Universal Studio is only 5mins walk away, or if you prefer you could catch the free shuttle provided at the hotel. Definitely recommend this hotel to all holiday and business goers - esp those who has own transport.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shooter578
<Content>Great Hotel  We booked this hotel through the Hilton web pages and got a great deal for our stay in mid October, we requested a non smoking room above the 16th floor and got what we wanted on the 18th and on a corner of the building, views over the valley towards the mountains. I must admit that in some of the floors, the corridors and areas look very tired, but having noted the the reviews by others in regard to the ongoing renovation, get a room as high as you can. The rest of the hotel appeared as to the standard expected, got pastries and coffee for a few bucks just before pick up for our tour 09:00, fast efficent restaurant staff.Eat at the Universal City or locally, lots of Diners etc. Excellent location for the freeway and a 5 minute ride on the shuttle bus to Universal City Plaza. Staff were great and the travel desk got us a city tour at an hours notice on the first morning after our arrival.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VenturaTraveler
<Content>One of our favorites I have stayed at this hotel several times and it has always been a pleasure. The rooms have awesome views, the beds are very comfy and the bathrooms are clean. A nice touch this last time was Crabtree  Evelyn La Source bath products in the bathroom, very nice! This Hilton has also always had a nice fruit  light snack platter waiting for us when we arrive (that may be because I am in Hilton HHonors program - I'm not sure). The hotel is located right next to Universal Studios and I have found great hotel/themepark packages on various websites in the past.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible, horrible, utterly abysmal (thought I was going to write horrible) Stayed during 2nd week of October. Waited for 45 minutes to check in. Was overcharged, has been more than 2 weeks and hotel still have more than $400 hold on my debit card. Went to the restaurant about 45 minutes before closing and was told by maitre'd that it would be better for me to go to the lounge because they weren't going to put any fresh food out. I went to the lounge, and the chicken nachos I ordered had no cheese. I ordered a slice of key lime pie, they brought it out and it was still frozen. On the night before my flight, my neighbors were having an out of this world party. One that was still going on at 3 am. I called the front desk. They said they would handle it. The party continued, and I called again and was told that a manager would call back. The party finally broke up around 7 am of its own volition. The manager still hasn't called back. The person at the front desk apologized and said that the manager forgot and even though she had slept onsite, they really didn't feel that she should be bothered. Like I said in the title -- HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, UTTERLY ABYSMAL  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read The Reviews!! I'm not one for slamming hotels. But this hotel deserves to be slammed. First, I made my booking for a busy weekend in September. My plan was to propose to my fiance in California, having a stay at the nicest hotel I could find within walking distance of Universal. So we were greeted by a rather obstinant manager (Phillipe, you know who you are) who impolitely informed us preferences are just that when you book through Expedia, and our non smoking room was now a smoking room. With bad allergies, we reluctantly took the room and were greeted by an old bar-like reeking room of smoke - with air condition apparently not on. We turned it on, and left. Coming back later that evening to find the place hadnt cooled down. Did I mess up the ac settings? I turned it on further, down to 50 - and as the night went on it finally cooled a little while we slept. After a long day the next day - we came back to once again - no ac (it was 20 degrees cooler in the hallway). The day staff had turned the ac off while we were away, so we were left with the door open cooling the place off. We turned on the tv, and promptly found out all buttons on the remote changed the channel down. I went to call the front desk and the only phone that worked was in the bathroom. At 11 at night, they - impolitely again - told us they'd switch us to a non smoking room with double beds (I'm 6'3 240 pounds, so that was a no go) - so we gritted our teeth and said whatever, we'll talk to the manager tomorrow. The next day, upon checking out - the manager - Phillipe - SOMEWHAT politely informed us we should have said something before check out. We were supposedly comped for the ten dollar internet connection (supposedly - as I just received a charge for it anyways, four days later) - and an offer for a free upgrade for our next stay. All I can say is - sure, I messed up by not complaining about it in the first place - but I have had better stays at 2 star hotels in Mexico. For the price you pay at this place, seriously - it aint worth it - and the lazy and unhelpful hotel staff only make the stay worse. There's a Sheraton within spitting distance of this hotel. A much better place than this one.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PastorCat
<Content>Fantastic hotel Had a great experience at the Hilton... the upper floor rooms on the corner facing the valley have SPECTAULAR views! Great room service, REALLY comfy beds, super service, STRONG drinks in the bar WOW!!! First rate all the way.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jetsetera
<Content>This hotel is the worst of the worst We checked into this hotel on Saturday the 3rd of September. My boyfriend had to attend an event at Universal Studios on Monday so we came up early. We called the night before to make a reservation and mentioned that we had rooms under a particular reservation. First they said they didn't have the reservation. We figured we'd sort it out when we got to the hotel and just booked a room.We got there and of course they charged us the more expensive rate. We had to get the manager on duty to come out and explain what the deal was. We gave up trying and just checked in. The hotel is kinda old and musty. Definitely bring a travel candle to get rid of the smell. We had a non smoking room but it still had this weird smell.So Sunday morning we called down to the front desk and asked them about the room situation. We had a room under a block and wanted to keep the same room. The guy said they couldn't do that so we'd have to pack up our bags and store them until a room is available at 4pm. It was 11am and we wanted to go shopping for the afternoon. No way I was going to pack up again and then move into another room. I called the manager on duty again and explained that we didn't want to have to do this. She said we could keep our things in there and she'd sort it out. So we left to go shopping for the day. We got back to the hotel after a couple of hours and decided to go for a swim. We sent up our friend to go grab some drinks from the room and when he went up we had a problem getting back into the room. The door wouldn't open. We went down to the front desk and called down from the hallway phone several times. Finally I waited at the front desk until someone made a call for someone to go up to our room because we had been waiting for 45 minutes already. They finally sent security to open the door manually. They said it was an engineering problem as the battery on the door swipe was out. After that our key card also took about 10 swipes each time before we got a green light. Oh and the hot tub is disgusting. It's brown and murky. The pool is okay. It was the saving grace.When we checked out of course, we were billed incorrectly. The manager on duty hadn't sorted out our bill so we had to stand at front desk and argue for a bit again. This hotel is a nightmare. I recommend people to not stay here. It's totally dingy and not worth over $100. Stay at another hotel close by or at the Sheraton. I'm sure it's better.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tyvekmaker
<Content>Upscale Place       Hotel from Universal Studios entrance  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoshThePilot
<Content>Hilton Universal: An Excellent Choice We stayed at the Universal City/Los Angeles Hilton from March 14 till the 17th and on March 19th. From March 17th to March 19th we stayed at the Residence Inn San Diego. Please see my review on that hotel too.Introduction/Location:This Hilton property is located in the heart of the touristy Hollywood/Beverly Hills/Universal Studios area. The area is very nice and safe. This hotel attracts the more civilized (but not snobby) guests rather than the sloppy and messy people which are better suited for a cheap motel. You enter on Universal Hollywood Drive. There is also Sheraton property located on the same street and there is an elevator which takes you between the two hotels. There is a hotel shuttle which takes you to Universal Studios and City Walk. It runs about every 15 minutes and the trip takes no more than a minute or too. It is very convenient for travelers without a car or people who don want to pay the money to park at Universal. The hotel has 24 floors. We stayed on the 18th for the first part and on the 11th for the last part.Features:This hotel was built in 1986 and seems to have been renovated recently. When we were staying there I overheard one of the desk clerks telling one guest that they are replacing the carpet starting with the top floor. We were given room 1872 for the first part of our stay (March 14th-March 17th). This floor/room had newer looking carpeting which was clean and did not have any stains. The desk and night table also looked to be in good condition. There was also an armoire which contained the television, a mini bar drawer, a minibar fridge and a small safe with a key. The television had the basic US TV channels plus the standard hotel movies, internet, games, etc. Everything worked fine. There are also many banquet/meeting rooms which are used quite a bit. There were a lot of parties/conferences and functions are held at this hotel. All were kept at a reasonable level (the people here are civilized). On our last day after we returned from San Diego we were given a room on the 11th floor which was not in such a good shape. The carpet was older (but clean), the night-table/armoire was worn/scratched and the beds were quite soft and creaky. I believe this is because they had not yet replaced the carpets/beds in this room since they had been working from the top floor (24th) down. Luckily it was just for one night and we managed.Amenities:Standard Hilton amenities are present at this hotel. People who are HHonors members with high status usually get a gift of some sort. We are not members but we still received a nice fruit/snack/water tray. I believe all the guests get this, although I am not sure.On the lobby level (Fourth floor) there is a nicely equipped fitness centre which has working and new machinery such as treadmills, stair climbers, bikes, etc. The place is split into two rooms which have difference types of equipment. One room had a TV and the other had a stereo with speakers on the wall. Also on the 3rd floor is a gift shop with travellers?supplies and food/drink items. The prices are quite high for the drinks so I suggest you just pick up some from a local variety store.The access door to the outdoor pool is on the first floor. You need to use your keycard to open the gate. This is to prevent non-guests from using the pool. The pool area has a large pool with shallow and deep ends as well as a smaller whirlpool which has an adjustable massage/bubble control. The whirlpool was nice and warm (actually HOT) but once youe in for a few minutes you get adjusted to it. Both the pool and the whirlpool were clean and heated. There are towels provided for you on a table as well as a basket for used towels. Surrounding the pool are chairs for tanning and poolside resting.You must pay to park at this hotel. Self Parking in one of their two underground garages is $11 per night and $16 for valet parking. Remember, to access the self parking you must take one of the elevators near the meeting rooms as the main ones do not service the garages.Service:Right from the start I was treated with care and attentive service. Upon pulling up to the door the attendants help you with unloading your luggage as well as holding the door open for you as you enter. Staff the front desk were incredible and helped us with driving directions as well as the locations of the different attractions in the area. The travel guide suggested tours for us and helped us choose the right one. Housekeeping came to make the beds daily and to replace towels, toiletries, etc. Everyone in the hotel was always there to help you.Dining:The hotel has a restaurant called af Sierra?which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. Each morning we ate the breakfast buffet there which cost $15 per person. The price was a bit steep but the breakfast buffet was so filling we didn eat until dinner. Some of the food included the normal breakfast food such as bacon, sausages, pancakes, eggs as well as a nice fresh fruit and 2 or 3 dim sum dishes such as shrimp dumplings and BBQ Pork buns. If you want to save yourself some money and spend your time touring the city, take the buffet for breakfast. It will keep you full until dinnertime. On Friday/Saturday/Sunday they had a very large seafood buffet complete with hot/cold crab/lobster/shrimp/fish as well as sushi, dim sum as well as roast lamb and beef. The dessert selection was also quite nice with fresh fruit, cakes and cookies. It cost $38 per adult which is worth it if youe a big seafood lover (like us) but if you don eat seafood it is not worth it to eat at this buffet.Also available Monday to Friday from 4pm-6pm is a happy hour snack in the lobby. A different hot hors deurve was served each afternoon as well as a selection of cheeses, spreads and breads. Drinks were available for a nominal fee.Value:We paid $159USD per night which is a fantastic price for the quality and service we received at this hotel. This was for a standard guest room. The suites with whirlpools and the rooms on the executive floor were in the $200USD+ category.Overall:This hotel is an excellent choice for anyone who is going to be touring the Hollywood/Universal area that doesn have a car. Tours information is available from the concierge and there is a free shuttle that runs every 15 minutes between the Sheraton, the Hilton and Universal Studios.Location: 10/10Amenities: 9/10Guestroom: 8/10Dining: 8/10Service: 9/10Value: 9/10  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ldivasta
<Content>Great location and nice rooms This hotel is so close to Universal Studios that we walked back to the hotel for an afternoon swim. They left us a welcome basket with grapes, oranges, bananas, oreos, and bottled water. The hotel staff called us on our first night to welcome us and make sure we had everything we needed. The beds were super comfortable. The bathroom was quite large. The pool was great but not good for little ones. It gets deep very fast, our youngest happily hung out on the very long steps. We were on the 18th floor but never had to wait more than two minutes for an elevator. We only stayed here because of the proximity to Universal. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pennfield
<Content>A very lazy staff, a disappointing stay We stayed at this hotel late July/early August, 2005 It is conveniently located near the freeway, and is not a bad place However, it does have some problems, and we shall not use this hotel againThe entire hotel looks slightly run down and heavily used Some furniture is marred in the rooms I was surprised at the lackadaisical attitude of the hotel staff To say they are not very ambitious is an understatement The room next to ours had some very distracting, loud children who kept banging and laughing When I went to the understaffed front desk to complain, rather than offering an apology and a room change, I was asked if I had called security I demanded a room change and got one, although we did not receive any offer to help us moveOur first room had a small welcome fruit basket containing two apples, a rotten orange arranged so you could not see it was rotten, and two small bottles of water Why bother doing this if the fruit is rotten?During our stay, our room was overlooked with several necessities that should have been replaced daily One evening, I tried calling the front desk and the operator I tried for one half hour and still the phone was not answered (Given how nobody here answers the phone, it is laughable to have been asked about calling security earlier!) Exasperated, I called the bellman to report the problem He said he would take care of it and call me back in ten minutes to make sure the problem was handled You can guess where this is going--nobody ever handled the problem and he never called back I sat on the phone another half hour until the operator answered, and she wanted to put me on hold! I told her absolutely not, explained the problems, and asked to speak to a manager I was given the voice mail of the manager, who spoke very poor English (There is no manager on duty? Or an assistant? Why is there no extension for housekeeping?) I clearly stated the problems and gave my email address, telling the voice mail that I expected to be contacted It has been about a week and the hotel has never bothered to contact meThere is no concierge at this hotelAdditionally, do not waste your money eating in this hotel if you stay here The food is poor and way overpriced T here is a very nice Ralph's grocery store right around the corner which has a delicious deli and bakery You can buy food and take it outIt seems that the Hilton chain is slightly tarnished and is certainly not what it once was The staff at the Hilton Universal leaves a lot to be desired and certainly could benefit from some customer service training They also need more staff members Apparently, Marriott, generally spekaing, is the superior of the big three better hotel chains  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Conrad Hilton probably rolling over in his grave! I selected this hotel because of location, close to the Hollywood freeway, for easy access to the rest of the LA area. I read other reviews stating how guests received a complementary fruit basket. I too received my fruit....most of which was rotten. My big orange was cleverly arranged so the 1/3 rotten part was hidden. I chosed not to eat any of the fruit.Upon arriving back to my room one day, I found that no soaps were left. The housekeeper removed the bar of soap that had been used only that morning. I discovered that there was no housekeeping selection on my room phone. I called the front desk and got NO ANSWER. I called the operator who transferred me to the BELL BOY phone.The person who answered the bell boy phone assured that the front desk would call me within 5-10 minutes regarding my problem. Patiently waiting for over 1 HOUR I received no phone call from anyone. I re-called the operator and explained the problem and was assured AGAIN someone would bring me upon some soap. Within 5 minutes of this call I finally received my items. I also called the manager on duty but got voice mail. I barely could understand the message left on the voice mail.I am all for diversity BUT having individuals who do not speak English in charge of hotel operation, as evident from the manager on duty's voice mail gives me reason to wonder what's in charge and why such a simple request took so long. After receiving my soap I went down to the front desk and saw little to no activity. The phones were ringing but the 2 individuals on duty chosed NOT TO ANSWER THEM! I've had better service staying at a Red Roof Inn or a Motel 6. I would guess that Conrad Hilton is rolling over in his grave if he could see how some of his hotels are being managed (or un-managed)!There are many other hotels in the area. Use Trip Advisor to find another one but not this one!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hilton Disappointment What brought me to use this Hilton was location, proximity to Universal Studios. After staying at the hotel, I'd have to say that is still the best thing about the hotel. I'm sure that the hotel chain doesn't use this particular hotel as their Flagship.For the cost, I'd say that there are a few things that are substandard. The following are included.Hotel staff willingness to resolve problems. I found that the front desk and guest services to be too willing to pass-the-buck. I had asked for resolution to problems and was informed that I needed to direct my queries to some other hotel section (I needed to track down the appropriate person). I guess the staff was busy helping other patrons with their problems. Thanks for your help, Hilton.I was given a room that was not ready for use (i.e. dirty bathroom area).Lengthy response time to room entrydoor lock problems.I can't say that Hilton Hotels are high on my list. There are too many other hotels out there that are willing to help the patron.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheLondonGuy
<Content>A Good Hotel perfectly located for Universal City A good hotel with reasonable rooms at a reasonable price. You stay here BECAUSE it is very near to Universal City, in fact you can walk in ten mins but there is a bus for the lazy. I did not eat the Hotel food, which may be a little overpiced, but there is plenty of options at Universal. No complaints - ideal for the purpose.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we loved it This was a small gettaway for my wife and I. Let me tell you, after spending hours online researching hotels in LA this one was worth it. For starters, Not knowing the area and reading other reviews about how sections in LA change drasticly from one street to the next, this hotel is in pretty safe area. It is literly a stones throw away from universal studios. The room was big (17th floor). The bathroom was perfect with all the amenities. Staff was very helpfull. The heated pool was the bomb. Whatever they say about the parking in LA, well it's true. At $11.00 a day it's worth it. It has an standard wieght room. We paid $169 and feel that was worth it. We would highly recommed this hotel  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>smokey1955
<Content>Fantastic!! We stayed at the Hilton June 25, 26  27. We loved it. Rooms were big with a nice sized bathroom. Bed was the most comfortable of any of the other hotels we stayed at. They gave us a complimentary fruit basket our first night, which was a pleasant surprise. We would definately stay here again if we go to LA.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just great just great, had a room at the Tower floors, excellent view, top service and just 4 minutes walk to the universal studios. (theres also a bus)we loved it. the pool is a little bit small  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>The_Style_Guy
<Content>The worst experience I've ever had The hotel is nice... and nicely located. The service was absolutely horrible. It took three trips to the front desk to get the billing right (after being assured it was fixed). I stood around for 20 minutes waiting for the bellhop to get my bag out of the back room. They gave me a smoking room saying that was all they had -- and then gave me a non-smoking when I balked. There was an overall crappy attitude by the front desk -- something I would expect from a Motel 6 in Compton. I stayed at the Beverly Hilton a few weeks ago and it was 180 degrees opposite. I travel a lot and stay in a lot of hotels, and I would avoid this place like the plague.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>glyma1009
<Content>First Time at a Hilton Hotel Stayed here for one night. Most comfortable bed I've ever slept in a hotel. Average size room. Nice view of Universal City and Mountains. Very clean. Clean average size bathroom. Nothing fancy or special about this hotel but I paid $102 bucks so not bad. Nice staff. I'll be staying at the Hilton Cancun next month, I also joined Hilton Honers because it has its perks. Oh yeah, if you are staying here for a couple of days, I wouldn't because parking is expensive! $11 bucks per night. It adds up. Overall good, clean and comfortable hotel. If you are coming to Universal Studios its good, but otherwise stay in the LA Area. The Wyndham in Sunset is better and for about the same price, closer to attractions to. hope this helps  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not my Kind of place...might be good for business My husband and I stayed at the Universal City Hilton for 4 night in early June 2005. This was our first visit to LA, and we were basically interested in sightseeing, as well as Universal Studios. I agree with everyone else that this hotel is perfect for a family visiting Universal...you can't get any closer. However, if you plan to go anywhere else (Hollywood, Beverly Hills, Disney, etc) then you should stay somewhere else. This hotel is not convienent to any other attractions but Universal, and for the price it is not an exceptionally nice hotel. Cons: --Seafood Buffet almost constantly. If you love seafood, this is great. If the smell of seafood turns your stomach, you'd better walk all the way around the outside of the hotel to go back and forth between Universal and your room. To get to the crosswalk to Universal, it is necessary to walk THROUGH the buffet...not only stinky, but also annoyingly crowded. --Beds are very uncomfortable. I read on here that the beds are comfortable...but after experiencing it for myself, I must say that these beds are actually LESS comfortable than the ones at the Holiday Inn Express in Tulsa, OK!! I expected much more for twice as much a night. The pillows are quite flat...bring your own! --Weddings. While were were there, twice we had to walk much of the way around the outside of the building to get to Universal because of a wedding going on. I understand the importance of these people's special day, but guests paying these prices to stay here should not be shut out from half the hotel...especially when that half contains the exit to Universal!!Pros: --Bathrooms. The Bathrooms were huge. Nothing special about the decor, but they were large and that was nice. --Location to Universal. Like I said, best place to stay for a family going to Universal. It's the closest hotel to it...you can see it from your window! --fast check-in/check-out. Very fast...I had no waiting at all.In all, I would never stay at this hotel again. Comfort is a high priority for me. When I cannot sleep well, and cannot walk through the hotel without feeling a knot in my stomach then the hotel is not luxurious. I could pay much less and at least not have to smell fish.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>microjoe
<Content>Second visit We stay in this hotel when we visit Universal Studios. It is pricey, but it is a high-quality hotel. It is better to be a Hilton Honors Member as they have a shorter check in line.The staff here is great and always waiting to assist you, but you will be handing out tips like candy.The room was average size, high quality beds, sheets, towels. The room has 3 phones and nice furniture, and a room safe. They have HBO, and most kids channels. They have a nice shuttle every 30 minutes to Universal Studios. This saves you parking fees at the studio, but you do pay to park at the Hilton. $10 to $16 a day to park in fact.The resteraunt and room service are very expensive though, typical for a Hilton. There is a also a Sheraton that is next to Universal Studios, but that Hotel is moslty for families and is very noisy and crowded. The Hilton is a cut above. We had our kids there with us and they were treated well by the staff.Some jerk put a meal to our room number while he ate in the resteraunt, but the hotel took it off of our bill when I caught it. They have a mini-bar in the room.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iamblueone
<Content>Close to Universal Studios The main advantage of this hotel has to be that it is right next to Universal Studios. You just walk outside the hotel, follow the arrows and you are right at the front of Universal Stuidos. The check-in process was fast and the front desk was very nice. Lobby was very nice looking. I had reserved a 1 king bed room and was given 2 double beds which I was very disappointed with. Called the front desk but they couldn't help me and I did not want to wait around trying to switch rooms later.The room itself seemed larger than normal, it seemed to be stretched out long. It also had a great view, I could see the front of Universal Studios from our window. Which is great at night because the lights from the city walk looked nice. Did try out the room service, great food and it came up fairly fast.Check out was super easy, they slipped a bill under our door sometime while we were sleeping, if the bill looked fine we just leave and that amount would get charged to us. Very simple and saved a lot of time.Besides visiting Universal Studios, there isn't much else to do around this area though.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mlasser
<Content>Good but not inspiring The location is good for access to Hollywood and the Valley. Great location if Uni studios is your destination. It's nice having the restaurants at Citywalk within walking distance. The hotel is pretty whatever. Competent but not inspiring. The decor is very 1980's. Wallpaper looks old, Furniture works but there's no sense of style. Exec floors have many b-guys there with families and kids taking advantage of typical Hilton C-Level Carb breakfasts. This is my fallback hotel for LA if things go bad somewhere else. Showers work. Internet works. Parking is adequate.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome location, hotel and view! My son and I drove up from San Diego for one night for a Concert at Universal Amphitheatre and the Theme Park. WHAT A LOCATION for this hotel! There is a pedestrian bridge from the hotel to the ENTRANCE to the park and Amphitheatre(5 minute walk). Just awesome. there is ALSO even a SHUTTLE that runs every 15 minutes! Beautiful Lobby, nice rooms, GREAT VIEWS of the valley and FRONT ENTRANCE to the park. Room service and food was GREAT! Sunday brunch looked UNBELIEVABLE even though we were just passing through. Eeeeasy to find this hotel right off the 101 freeway. believe it or not I DO NOT work for them...I was just SO IMPRESSED.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ostraveler
<Content>Great Family Value! Just returned from California and had a great experience at the Hilton. Rooms were very clean and the pool is awesome for families. Very convenient to all the Hollywood activities. Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Restful, convenient but geared for business On a recent business trip to Los Angeles, I was very pleased to have had the opportunity to stay at the Universal. I grew up in the area, and was a bit leery of staying at this hotel, as I imagined a touristy place. I was very happy with my choice as the ambiance was like a resort, yet I could conduct business with clients in a myriad of environments. There are quiet zones for discussion, meeting rooms for presentations, and after work, some great areas to in which to relax and have a drink, or a bite to eat. On the weekend, the rest of the family arrived, (my husband and the kids), and we enjoyed the kid activities at Universal City. On Sunday, we dropped the kids at a relative's, and took the subway (there is a major terminal right down the hill from the hotel)--to downtown to enjoy the museums and to see the new Ghery Center and the new Basilica (new to me anyway).All in all it was a wonderful personal and business experience--fine staff--wonderful surroundings. I will definately suggest this hotel to my boss as the perfect conference situation for the future. (and to my husband for a second honeymoon!!!)  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ALWAYS_VACATION
<Content>Good location for Universal Oct 2004 - My husband and I were in LA for a wedding and the Sheraton Universal was recommended by the Groom. I looked here and saw that the reviews of the Sheraton were not so great so I chose the Hilton based on its reviews. I was happy I did. It is not cheap nor is it a spectacular hotel for the price. We usually stay at much fancier hotels. The room was very clean and a good size with a small table and chairs and a seperate desk where my husband set up his laptop to connect to the internet. There was a fruit basket in the room with fresh fruit, water and cookies upon our arrival.It was a quick 5 minute walk to City Walk and Universal. Hotel self-parking was very convenient. The valet staff was great as the held my car by the entrance if I was running back out. Concierge helped with some practical issues and front desk staff was pleasant, but we did not have any special requests from them. The hotel is convenient to the highway - right in front actually. The Brunch on Sunday was very good with lots of variety. Pool area was quiet and pleasant. Overall, I don't think you could go wrong here.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful. I stayed in a suite for two nights. I was warmly welcomed with a big basket of fruit....which was more fruit than 1 person could manage. Spacious, clean, comfortable...and within a stone's throw from Universal Studios and City Walk. I met some new friends for a drink in the lounge and sitting at the next table over was.....Debra Messing...the Actress who plays Grace on Will and Grace. It was nice to see that no one acted strangely star-struck, but let her be. You never know who you will run into in Hollywood.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>razbox
<Content>Nice on the outside... ...but very very average on the inside. We stayed on the Exec floor for $200 and I thought it was overpriced.  Service very patchy, rooms dull, corridors and public areas are old.  Location - walking distance to Universal theme park.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nevermissBoston
<Content>Pleasant Surprise and Great Service!!! We were pleasantly surprised with our stay at the Hilton!!! When we arrived there was a long line at the front desk due to a large group arrival whose rooms would not be ready until later. At first I thought we will never check in!! Than, I saw a sign for Hilton Honors and checked right in. By the way the front desk moved everyone along and were very cheerful despite the crowd. We stayed on the Club floor and felt it was well worth the extra expense. It was very quiet on this floor and the lounge was a nice place to take a break. The service in the lounge was excellent. We had our new grandson visit and they were very kind to him. The room was clean and very comfortable. I normally stay at a Ritz or other 5 stars and stayed at the Hilton due to the location close to children. We were delighted we stayed there and will again. We highly recommend the hotel!!!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced for the location Wy ife, Daughter and I stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights in December and the hotel was fine but pricey for the standard of accomodation / amenities. It wa ideal for Universal but you can do Universal in 1/2 days so there really is no need to stay that close to it - we paid the same rate through expedia as we did for the Bellagio in Las Vegas - need I say more!The rooms were clean enough and there was no traffic noise even though it is right next to an 8 lane freeway. The shuttle to Universal is good and comes every 15 minutes or so, and Universal Citywalk has some good shops / restaurants.All in all it depends on what you are planning to do in LA and if you are also visiting Beverly Hills etc Id suggest staying somewhere nearer there and just driving / taking a cab to Universal as this hotel is nothign special.As I used tripadvisor to book all our hotels I thought I should share this with you - basically the tripadvisor reviews got it right in all of the hotels we stayed at!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baseballfantoo
<Content>Great location and pretty quiet considering the number of kids staying here We enjoyed our two night stay in this hotel in July, 2004. We chose this location for its proximity to Universal. Had no problem walking to Universal, once we figured out the safest way to get there to avoid the very crowded streets. Was pleasantly surprised that we didn't hear kids running up and down the halls or doors slamming since there were obviously a lot of children in residence. We stayed on the executive floor which included continental breakfast. This was great as we were traveling with a child. The dining room was not nearly large enough for all the guests, but the staff was great about refilling food. So if you time it right, or are patient, or give those reading a newspaper with their third cup of coffee enough dirty looks you can enjoy a great continental breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohiodude
<Content>Good Choice This hotel seems to have great price for the area. You pay extra for parking, and the place isn't cheap...but it seems to be a good value. Good place to stay for Universal, of course, but also good for anyone going to TV tapings or any studio tours. They are all pretty close by.The beds here are very comfortable. The staff wasn't exactly helpful, but they weren't rude. They pretty much stay out of the way.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mrs_RCAnderson
<Content>enjoyed our stay We stayed at this hotel for only one night but wished we couldve stayed longer..We were on vacation in las vegas and we decided a day trip to L.A. would be nice. However once we arrived, we wanted to stay so we booked a night at this lovely hotel. We had a HUGE suite,was very clean and nice with a wonderful view of the hills. The staff seemed somewhat distant...like they were in their own world but overall I'd say this hotel was great and i would definitely stay here again and again and again !!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msmegmog
<Content>Good Value Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. Not the best quality Hilton I have been in, but in a good location to Hollywood and LA. Had problems with the TV in the room. Called a technician twice, and was told to pull out the cord and plug it back in every time we wanted to watch TV. No mean feat when the plug was located behind a large cabinet, plus quite annoying for a 6 night stay.Hotel is located midway up a large hill. The Metro station is at the bottom of the hill and Universal Studios at the top. It is possible to walk down to the metro, but I wouldn't recommend walking up to anyone who isn't seriously fit. There are two shuttles that can be taken (one to universal from hotel, the other to the station from universal) which is a bit time consuming if you are in a hurry.Staff could have been more helpful (especially the tour desk) but the restaurant staff were exceptional. Highly recommend the dinner buffet. Never experienced one like it - It even beat the Vegas buffets. A good hotel if you wish to stay with Hilton in LA, but could do with some improvements.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought this Hotel was great! Recently had a 3 Night stay at this Hotel. Enjoyed every minute. Conveniently located to the Universal City Board-Walk- With a free Shuttle- Bus (Place to go on an evening  really safe!).Room good, Food good  service good... No complaints at all.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Likeness
<Content>Great Hotel We loved this hotel. Nice views, large rooms. Wish they had a microwave and refrigerator in them. That would have made them perfect. It is a couple of blocks from Universal Studios, but they have a shuttle that runs every 15 minutes. We bought front of the line tickets and considering the crowds, it was well worth it. We had a great time.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lad104
<Content>good hotel for Universal Great hotel , great value. Stayed here for four nights at the end of August . It was convenient to Hollywood,Rodeo Drive,Beverly Hills and within walking of Universal Studios. Clean room and bathroom . We bought front of the line tickets ($89 each) before we left N.Y., and when we arrived at Universal they was not necessary ,so wait till you arrive and see how the crowds are before you purchase your tickets. I would definately stay here again . The pool and hot tub are also great.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Culverite
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We enjoyed our stay here. Beautiful views and a very nice pool area. They have a shuttle that goes to Universal Studios and City Walk every 15 minutes  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just as good as Motel 6/60 a night We stayed at your hotel for too days. The price was not bad for the location. But we didnt like paying for parking. That was the frosting on the cake. Paying 11$ a day is terrible. When we tryed to leave the hotel there was an auction or something going on and we could'nt get our car out of the parking garage we had to pay 11$ a day for!!!!!!!!! They were parked avery were. Couldn't even get out. I'll tell ya we were not happy!!! We had better rooms at a cheap hotel in Vegas. Also the people above were slaming thing on the floor for about 20 min. time an again. We should not hear anything from the above floors at this price.!!!Again on the parking garage, It was a very dangers situation. If there was a fire, no on could get out. And the weigth of all the cars, with a guake or any thing we all be gone. We will never stay with you again. I'm sure alot of people will agree with us about what I have said. I don't like to complain. So please take note of what we have to tell the people running this hotel!Mr. and Mrs Raymond Theard  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PamCheadle
<Content>Wonderful value We stayed for two nights at this hotel, and the location was fantastic for Universal Studios, to where the free hotel shuttle runs regularly. We had an enormous room with panoramic views of Universal, and a large bathroom, both of which were very clean and modern. The staff were very helpful. The hotel seemed to be used equally by people on holiday, and on business, and this was reflected in the price of the restaurant, but there are many places to eat in Univeral City Walk.The biggest plus point for us was the Universal Studios Package on offer, which included the cost of two tickets to Universal Studios and the room rate. This deal saved us 40 dollars off the cost of 2 tickets bought at the Universal ticket office, and those tickets would have been for one day, whereas ours from the hotel were for 2 days. Definitely worth buying. We had a great time here.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You can find a better hotel This hotel was a huge disappointment. I read all the wonderful reviews before booking and was really excited about my stay. The rooms are dated and overpriced for what you get. Vent system is very noisy. It is a trecherous hike to Universal, especially with children. No sidewalks. If you are visiting Universal and simply looking for a room to sleep in, stay at the Comfort Inn on Highland Ave. and pay the $9 to park at Universal City. Comfort Inn is about $80 per nite and is beautiful. Everything is brand new and the basic rooms are very large, especially for a family. Hollywood walk of fame is nearby. I was very impressed. Best deal you will find in all of Los Angeles. I am a Hilton Diamond Member...trust me!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Hotel !!!   showReview(2304183, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EllieEl
<Content>great location and value   showReview(2293401, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superior quality and value   showReview(2240962, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emerald444
<Content>Great Location, nice hotel   showReview(2226196, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, Good Hotel   showReview(1649874, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Stay!   showReview(1383437, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Convenient, Had a Blast!   showReview(1258016, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RocketTom
<Content>Great Location!   showReview(1028810, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>II Loved The Hilton   showReview(858246, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent location and service   showReview(360369, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gerosimo
<Content>Solo se amate Universal Studios!   showReview(21495279, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel...un po' troppo rumoroso   showReview(19645520, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>docfs
<Content>perfetto   showReview(18873359, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bon htel particulirement bien plac pour universal   showReview(18533561, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait!   showReview(18533560, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal fr den ausgiebigen Besuch der Universal Studios   showReview(18533558, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz OK   showReview(17443980, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Auswahl   showReview(16611859, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trs bon htel avec un buffet trs raffin avec beaucoup de choix   showReview(15563650, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shlomor
<Content>Hotel  la hauteur de nos esperances !   showReview(14314315, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel tres bien   showReview(13196796, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>albergo da vip   showReview(18533559, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11665097, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19165243, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La classe type business et tout le confort   showReview(11665098, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bon htel rapport qualit / prix avec vue sur Universal Studios   showReview(11389542, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19924232, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19918549, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

