<Author>brianinc-ville
<Content>Great value! The Stratford is an older hotel that has recently been renovated. So, the rooms are quite small and the elevator is slow. Other than that, though, it's a great deal -- it's very clean, the decor is recent and tasteful in an IKEA kind of way, and the location can't be beat for tourism. I stayed in room 704, which had a great view down Powell St.; though the noise from the street might be pretty bad on the lower floors, it was barely audible on that level. Breakfast was a little stingy, but I'm fine with coffee and granola, so it did what I needed it to do. Seriously, San Francisco has lots of fleabag hotels, but this isn't one of them.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>London_UKAlex
<Content>Cheap and cheerful We booked at the Stratford after a very expensive week spent at the Hotel Nikko nearby. I was there with my parents and we had never been to San Francisco beforePros:- great price- clean room with TV and decent clean bathroom- very central and convenient location - for shopping, transport and travel to and from airport (the Powell Bart station is a few minutes walk away and provides stress free transport to SF International airport)- basic breakfast included does the job to start the dayCons:- Can't really open the window at night if you have a room street-side as there is a lot of noise (the vagrants on Union Square seemed to think that drumming at 2am would somehow convince people to part with their cash)- No safe in the room and only a communal safe at receptionOverall, a very good budget hotel which I would recommend  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>SoCalC8
<Content>Great bargain        The hotel!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>andy-M28
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again We stayed here at the end of November for our second visit to San Francisco, the first time having stayed with friends. The location of this hotel might suit some people who want to be in the centre of the city (its on a nosy main street around the corner from Union Square) but we found the noise at night really annoying and it kept us awake. We stayed on the eight floor and our room was tiny! The beds felt smaller than single beds and were not comfortable at all. The room was absolutely freezing and when we phoned the fromt desk to ask how to get the radiator to work we were told that it is on a main timer at the hotel and they could not turn it on for us! The radiator never worked at all for the course of our trip and we were absolutely frozen! The cleanliness of the room was fine and the staff on the front desk were pleasant but I would not stay here again or recommend it to anyone. In my opinion you could get a much nicer hotel for what we paid with Expedia.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>scratchmyfeet
<Content>Good hotel for the price We stayed in a Queen on the 8th floor, away from Powell, which had no view but was reasonably quiet when the windows were shut. The room layout was a bit awkward as the sink was not in the bathroom but the bedroom area. The room was clean except for some scuff marks on the wall. The room had a slightly humid feel to itThere is a free continental breakfast, which includes muffins, cereal , toast and coffee/tea.This hotel has excellent access to public transportation around the city and to the airport. Unfortunately the hotel elevator is rather slow.The people at the front desk were always friendly.Excellent value.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>NeedPivo
<Content>Stay Near The Square - In The Middle Of It All If you are contemplating a trip to see the Golden Gate and also seek basic accommodations with reasonable rates and a great Union Square location, then you need not search any further than the Stratford on the Square 鈥?though, not actually ON the square, it is a half block from it. However, the Stratford is in the middle of everything else: shops, Starbucks and eateries 鈥?oh, yes 鈥?the Powell Street Cable Car literally clangs right past the front door.Another bonus is its easy access to San Francisco鈥檚 wonderful Muni public transportation network (streetcars, underground trolley and bus) system as well as the area BART system, all of it operating from the Powell/Market Street station. The hotel is situated on the eastern side of Powell Street and a two-block uphill walk from the aforementioned station. There is a large sign with vertical lettering of the hotel name above the front entrance. The narrow lobby is non-descript; it consists of a small counter opposite a comfortable-looking sofa. On your left as you stand at the counter is the cramped and slooooow elevator 鈥?I found myself using the adjacent staircase more often than not. In the rear, behind the elevator is a lounge area with television and the requisite computer (for those weak souls unable to breathe without 24/7 internet access.) The Tea Room, where guests have their fill of a light complementary breakfast (bread, muffins, cereal, coffee and juice) can be found on the second floor. Actually, I though it to be a pleasant well-lit room. As you drink your coffee feel free to look down onto busy Powell Street and watch the cable car shuttle tourists up the steep incline towards the oh-so tacky Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf. If you are the type who needs a hearty breakfast to get you going, I don鈥檛 recommend it. (Instead, cross the street and head west a few blocks down Geary to the wonderful Olympic Flame diner, where hungry patrons can choose among 75 types of omelets.)The room, or at least mine, was all I needed for a week. The bathroom with toilet and closet-sized shower are separated by a sliding door; the sink was actually in the room opposite the bed. I won鈥檛 call it small; how about, I just call it comfortable? In any case, who goes to San Francisco to sit in a hotel room? Not I.If you seek glitz, marble, valet parking and a nightly mint, then seek elsewhere; otherwise, the Stratford Near the Square is an enjoyable and wholeheartedly recommended place to rest your head.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>blgrn8
<Content>Looking forward to next time! I booked a room with a Queen bed and was assigned a 6th floor location upon check-in. It was away from busy Powell Street, much to my relief, and a few steps away from the hotel elevator  stairs - the latter, which I used a lot except when I had my luggage to lug. For this, I used the elevator.The room required a magnetic card for entry. I left it in my room one day so the front desk staff gave me a new one after I provided my ID. They deactivated my original room card, which I subsequently returned to them. I didn't have a room view, which was fine. The white painted wall outside my window actually provided for some privacy. There was light at that side of the building so my room at night wasn't completely dark especially with my curtains slightly drawn.There was no air conditioner but my room had a ceiling fan with light. I turned it (fan) on or off depending on my comfort level. There were two corner lampshade lights attached to the headboard which gave me plenty of light as needed.There was a small cabinet at the corner foot of the bed with hangers, an iron, a small ironing board, and extra blanket stowed at the bottom drawer. On top of the cabinet was the television. Although it had HBO, I mostly turned it on for news and sports.Against the wall was a table and chair. The drawers were useful to put in some of my things as well as the desktop space. There were bottled drinks available but I didn't open any ($4-$5 each if you tamper the seal). I bought bottled water from nearby Walgreens across the street and got ice from the ice machine in the lobby.My bed was nice and comfortable ,which was the centerpiece of the room. The room was small relative to the other SF boutique hotels with queen bed reservation that I've tried before and didn't have any microwave and refrigerator. However, what the room had was adequate for my needs and provided for some degree of coziness and comfort. It was clean and well-kept when I first arrived and whenever I returned at the end of the day.The bathroom had a sink, shower stall, and fresh towels supplied daily. It had a built-in hair dryer as well. There was a small plastic bucket to put in some of your toiletries, which was supplied by travel-size Rusk products (body wash, shampoo, lotion).The tea room (2nd floor) had plenty of sunshine and windows overlooking Powell Street. For breakfast, it had sliced bread, muffins, granola, milk, juice, coffee, hot water, and selection of tea bags. It opened at 7:30 am. During those times when I was up and needed breakfast earlier, I went outside - plenty of breakfast options.There was a lounge area behind the elevators in the lobby. There was the TV, computers with printer, and a rack with a variety of attraction/tourist brochures. I didn't need to use the computer and read that for those who needed to, it required a credit card and charged $5 for 20 min. of usage (I don't remember the extra charge after that time limit) and printing cost $0.25 per page. Note: A one-way cable car fare is $5 without a MUNI passport so where would you rather spend it? :-)Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay at this hotel. It was nice to have 24-hr desk service and its location was ideal for me (access to BART, cable cars, bus lines, Union Square and surrounding areas). Check-in and check-out were convenient and the cost was reasonable. I booked my reservation online and didn't encounter any problems. I will definitely stay in this hotel again in the future. :-)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spokanetraveller
<Content>Loud Street Noise, No AC We were looking for a hotel in the Union Square area that we could easily reach by BART as we were flying out from the international terminal the next day. This hotel is very close to a BART station. After having had a bad experience at the Palace (very loud street noise, couldn't sleep), I looked for a Union Square hotel review that did not mention street noise. However, the street noise at the Stratford did turn out to be very loud. There was a band playing across the street until 11PM or so. There was no AC in the room and it does sometimes get hot in SF. So you have to open the window to cool down. The windows only open about 4 inches so it is very tough to cool down. The room was very small, but that is to be expected in SF. It was a remodel of a very old building and the age showed through in some places. There was a flat screen TV to make it look more modern, but it was a tiny one. Because of the low price, I did not feel as bad as I did after staying at the Palace. But I'd only recommend this hotel for night owls for nights when cold weather is predicted, or for college kids planning to stay out late, get drunk then pass out. If I stay in that area again, I'd probably stay at the Hilton two blocks away. I avoided that hotel because it was closer to the Tenderloin but there isn't much difference in two blocks, and there are panhandlers between the BART station and this hotel anyway.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Clydelle
<Content>Excellent Location Two night stay at Stratford exceded our expectations. The location is absolutely perfect. We took the BART from the airport and hotel was less than five minute walk. We arrived early and were greeted by a very friendly and accomodating staff. Our bags were stowed until check in time and we headed out. Bus and MUNI are also only a few minute walk away and the trolley runs directly in front of the hotel. Had lunch and returned to hotel. Rooms are very small but comfortable and clean. Similar to accomodations throughout Europe. Walls however are a bit thin and can hear walking over head. We are not light sleepers so this was no problem for us. Would definitely stay at this hotel again. Cannot beat the price and location for downtown San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RW2008
<Content>Great location, good hotel Booked this hotel purely on the reviews I read on here and wasn't disappointed. There seemed to be A LOT of bad hotel reviews for San Fran.Reception desk staff very polite and keen to help. Lift very slow, but we were on the 7th floor so persevered with it!Had a twin bed room which was quite spacious although not much room for 2 large suitcases.We we at the front of the hotel so was quite noisy, if i stayed again, which i would, i'd request a room at the back. Slept well despite this.Bathroom spacious and clean. Had a big window which let in lots of light, shower over bath was right next to the large frosted window, bit strange, but on a high floor so wasn't too worried.Breakfast included which was convenient , nothing amazing, but definitely enough to keep you going until lunch.Location - don't think you could get more central. On Powell St in the heart of everything - shops, restaurants, trams etc... Noisy, but its a city. Would certainly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>flash54
<Content>All I needed The other reviews have it right. The rooms are small and most have only one bed. Make sure you book a family suite if traveling with more than one other CLOSE friend. Most rooms have only a shower, no bathtub, which is fine with me, because I only take showers. My room was immaculate, and stayed that way throughout my stay. Furnishings are simple but the bed was comfortable and everything was in good condition. Only had one trouble - there was a circuit breaker for the bathroom and light over the sink that tended to trip. The front desk clerk told me how to reset it.Desk staff was friendly and helpful and checking in and out was fast and easy. There is an included continental breakfast in a nice tea room on the second floor, but it is minimal. There is bread and toasters, granola and yogurt. There is a nice selection of muffins. They have coffee, tea, milk and two types of fruit juice. I wish they had had fresh fruit. The room filled up fast when they opened at 7:30, but there was more seating by the time I left at a little after 8. If you want an American style breakfast, several restaurants in the area have it.Location was great, two blocks from the Powell St. transit stations, which meant that I got there from SFO on BART in less than 45 minutes for only $5.35. It is steps from Union Square, and less than four blocks from the Moscone Convention Center.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>maisymeg
<Content>location, location, location! We stayed here for 3 nights and picked this hotel purely on location and that most reviews stated it was clean. We were not disappointed on either. The hotel is just up the street a few minutes walk from the start of the cable car route to Fishermans Wharf and Union Square is about half a minute walk around the corner. We got BART from the airport ($5.35pp) and walked up Powell Street to the hotel. The young man at reception was most helpful and showed us on maps where the hotel was and pointed out areas to visit. He also said that if we wanted to know anything to come back and ask.The room we had was small as we expected but very clean with a reasonably comfortable bed, a sink in the room and a separate small room with shower and toilet. There was a hairdryer beside the sink and an iron/ironing board in the small wardrobe. Towels were replaced daily. After hiking around all day we didn't notice any noise at night!Continental breakfast was included in the room rate which is unusual for US. This was orange or cranberry juice, yogurt, cereal, toast, muffins and hot drinks and was adequate to keep us going until lunchtime.There were plenty of places to eat around the hotel - we had great Thai food just around the corner in Muang Thai and enjoyed Lori's Diner too. We also had dinner in Jazz Bistro Les Joulins which was lovely and very reasonable with the added extra of live music.The shopping around this area was great too - every type of shop from Gucci and Louis Vuitton to Ross and Marshalls!We would stay here again due to cleanliness, value for money and location, but don't go if you want 5 star luxury and plan to spend lots of time in your room.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gorillagirl
<Content>cute place...great location! we stayed at the stratford on august 31 for one night...the room was very small, but well laid out. the bed was comfy and the linens we nice and clean. overall, the room was spotless. the bathroom was actually a decent size considering how small the room was. the only thing about the shower was that the drain was a little slow..so the shower kinda filled up with water. we almost overflowed onto the floor oopps! the hotel offers a complimentary breakfast in a great tea room that has lots of windows. you can look out and see the hustle and bustle of the street and the cable cars zip by. the breakfast was simple...toast, cereal, muffins...hey! it's free!i would totally stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelbugg3d
<Content>Great for tourists... I stayed here for 4 nights during the labour day weekend (Aug - Sep 08). Firstly, the location!!! Perfect for any tourist wanting to be close to all the action and be able to get around town easily. We were able to catch the BART (subway) straight from SFO to Powell station and walk easily with our suitcases to the hotel. In addition, the cable car turnaround on literally 100m away - so it was easily to get to all those tourist attractions (i.e. Fishermans Wharf, Lombard st etc)Although we were initially surprised by the tiny room...we soon made ourselves comfortable. As mentioned by other reviewes..there isnt much floor space for your suitcases however the bedroom and beds were clean - which is important when you just want a place to sleep in at the end of an exhausting day.The complimentary breakfast was a plus. Definitely saved times in the morning wondering around deciding where to eat (and whether anything had opened yet). Although it was quite simple...it was enough to get your day started with toast, muffins, coffee and juice.The only hotel improvements I would recommend are:1) Improve the lift service (it was excruciatingly slow)2) Install air conditioners in the rooms (although our room was quite cool and we never thought twice about needing it)3) Have the sink inside the bathroom as opposed to next to the bed4) Consider having a clearer shower curtain so that you can have some light whilst showering (there were no windows in our bathroom and the only light was in the center of the room)All in all...happy with our stay!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>rhsmythe
<Content>I was taken by the stratford hotel! Have you ever bin cheated or have money stolen from you? Well that鈥檚 what happened to me at this hotel!They told me that for ALL three nights it would cost me $159.00 I made sure to tell me it another time, so that it was made clear. But when I got the bill it was 159.00 for each night! When I talked to them about it, they laught at me! When I told them I wanted to talk to the mangier, they wouldn鈥檛 let me!Don鈥檛 let this happen to you! But if that doesn鈥檛 sound like a bad price to you, here is the rest. The rooms were nice, but very small. The free breakfast is only muffins, and toast. Also orange juice and coffee. I would have staid there again if the price was decent. It is an ok location.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>kritch
<Content>Perfect location for everything In San Fran We stayed at the Stratford in August 2008 for four days. the hotel is right in the middle of the action in San Fran which made it very convenient to come back during the day. The lift was very slow and is probably easier to take the stairs. The rooms ARE very small, not much room for your suitcases but as we didn't spend too much time in our room, it wasn't much of a concern. we had a room facing away from the street but could still hear the bells from the street cars. Nothing to keep you awake though. reception was helpful and the cleaning was great. bathroom also very tiny, Breakfast was simple and as most american food full of sugar. stay away from the cereal and stick to the toast. juice also was full of sugar. mufffins were good to take for mid morning snack!We ate at Cafe Mason for dinner, simple pasta and quick service. Also Lori's across the road was a great place for lunch. their chicken noodle salad was good as were their waffles. good value for right in the middle of the city, at the door you can!! take a street car straight to Fishermans Wharf  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>steihal
<Content>great location The Location is the best thing with this hotell, though cleaning was nice.The hotell is old, smal no air con- but nice reception.overall an average hotell with nothing special.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>kooifei
<Content>Great location!       The hotel in the middle of the city!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>budget_bound
<Content>Where you want to be As with any location in downtown SF size will be an issue when it comes to accomodations. However, most people don't come here to rough it out in thier hotel room and if they are then they probably shouldn't want to stay in downtown SF. As everyone has reviewed the location can't be beat, you are in the MIX of everything, barely a block away from Union Square. If you want shopping this is it!!! That was the reason for my trip I wanted to do all my X-mas shopping in the city. I think this will become a yearly tradition.I had a room with 2 twin beds so my bf and I just pushed them together to make a semi-full sized bed. There was a little vanity area and closet sufficient for all my shopping bags. It really would not be condusive for more than 2 adults though. Check-in and out was a breeze and they do have computers in the lobby that you can rent if you need to check emails. We parked in one of the many garages in the area, they may have valet but everything is so close you really wouldn't need your car till you leave so a garage will do just fine.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Diaz21
<Content>Great location, hard bed, small room Overall the staff and services were pretty good. Expect valet to take about 20 minutes. Also, dont open the door too quickly, you might knock the shower head off the wall. It is really small. My room had a double bed that was really hard. I have to say though it was really clean. The location is great, so pick your poison I guess. Not recommended for children, but for a quick getaway it is good.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nadialves
<Content>Nice Place to stay Nice place to stay, conveniently located (Union Square). cheap and clean.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>planb4ugo
<Content>Great Location The Stratford cannot be beaten for location. The cable car stops right outside the door, there is a great deli just across the street and union square is just around the corner.The hotel itself is just what you need when you are on a break in a city like San Francisco. It is a budget hotel but the rooms are clean and perfectly roomy, breakfast is included in your rate and the front desk is available 24/7. If you want 5 star luxury in a city like San Francisco then you must be planning to spend a lot of time in your room.We were looking for a pleasant hotel to use as a base for our family holiday and thats exactly what we got.We would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting the same and as for the noise of the cable cars, they stop at midnight. And if you want to get some sleep any earlier earplugs are provided. My two teenagers slept in the street facing bedroom and had no problems with noise and they thought the earplugs were just another wacky american notion (thats irish teenagers for you.)  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eastdale12
<Content>Excellent My stay at the Stratford was great. It was exactly what I expected for the price I was paying. The rooms were very nice. I loved where the breakfast was served because it is located on the street-side of the hotel with plenty of windows. From a few floors up you can have a great view of the street coming to life in the morning. After you've had your fill you can take a nice cup of coffee along with you out onto the street and walk just a few yards away right into Union Square, where there is always something going on. San Francisco was an awesome experience all around.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Pizzaria
<Content>Not so great.. This is an affordable hotel in a wonderful spot. Really right in the center of everything. Unfortunately the hotel itself was not pleasant to stay in. On the first night I was placed near the street where one can hear the constant noise of the trolley car and rambunctious street band. I was then moved to the back of the hotel into a room that smelled like fresh paint. It was nauseating. In addition to the smell the room was freezing. I asked the front desk about the heat situation and they kept telling me it took awhile to heat up. But it never heated up. Usually I feel like I am a flexible person or easy going where it comes to where I sleep but this was not enjoyable. I recommend this for people who will really only use the room for sleeping. I guess in this situation you get what you pay for.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>betty_travelsUK
<Content>Small, friendly, excellent location       Stratford found on the left hand side!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mel86
<Content>Enjoyable stay! A friend and I stayed here for a few nights in January. Its in an excellent location, close to everything. Although the room was very small (two twin beds), it was clean and had a good bathroom. Not alot of natural light as the room's window looked out on to a brick wall - pretty claustrophobic! Included breakfast is a bonus...overall good stay, highly rec!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>April-holiday
<Content>Fabulous Location My check in was not the best experience. The girl finished her conversation with the bell man, before acknowledging me. However, all my dealings with hotel staff after that where pleasant and friendly.Room is small, with an emphasise on small, yet, it was clean and comfortable. I am a petite female and I found the room small, had a bed and that鈥檚 it. However, location is fabulous and so convenient for Union Square, Market Street, Cable Car stop. Despite check in and room size I am really glad I stayed here.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Londonphilic
<Content>Sufficient and convenient There were three of us in a queen/club queen room for one night last week. My bed was farily comfortable, but seemed a bit narrower than my queen at home. For us three adults, it was a wee bit crowded, but then again, we didn't go to SF to stay in the room. Though very basic, the hotel/room was clean, updated and more than sufficient for a brief stay. The breakfast, which was included, was very basic: mini-muffins, white bread, granola, coffee, milk, tea, and juice. I didn't care for the very slow single lift, which seemed to always re-open the doors at least once after you've already selected your floor or pressed close doors. With our room being on the seventh floor, I definitely got my exercise on the stairs! The location was, to me, the hotel's best feature. Powell St was close to everything (except the water), and the cable cars passed right in front of the hotel, though you had to walk a wee bit to the stop (no problem there). The staff was pleasant and helpful, and we could store our baggage in the backroom for free before we checked in and after we checked out. One more thing-there is absolutely NO AC/central air of any kind, so opening windows was the only way to go because it was absolutely stifling in our room. The bathroom window opened downwards, and even with our room being located on a high floor and with the shower curtain closed, it was still a bit weird to have such an open view into an extremely private room! Powell St was extremely busy and noisy until about 22h, esp with the windows open, but none of us had any trouble falling asleep, probably b/c we were so exhausted from our day's activities. Overall, a pleasant stay at the Stratford.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Artyshock
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed at the Stratford 6 days on April 2008 during a business trip. I believe that you cannot get better value for money, neither a better location than the Stratford. You will not need a car, nor almost any public transportation as well, everything is within a walking distance. The Cable Car is just outside on Powell st. and it will get you anywhere you need. The room was a bit small but clean and well equipped. Nice shower, a surprising 32鈥?LCD TV, and wireless internet ($30/month or $10/day).Breakfast was ok to get my day going with juice, coffee, bread and muffins. Within a short walking distance you will find lots of restaurants and dinners.Staff was nice and courteous. There was no problem with noise, as I stayed in a room that鈥檚 away from the street. A weak sound of the Cable Car could be heard, but it was actually a nice reminder that I am in SF, and did not bother me at all.I will definitely stay at the Stratford again in the future.Assaf PiloDirector of Sales and MarketingCheckmarx Ltd.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>frenchy39
<Content>Very convenient This hotel is very conveniently located close to union square. Clean, comfortable, quiet (In downtown SFO !).Very friendly welcome.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelerlynn
<Content>Weekend in the City My boyfriend and I spend 3 nights in downtown San Francisco playing tourist although both of us were very familiar with the city. Hotel Stratford was an amazing find- location, staff, and fellow travelers were all 5* :) AND the price cannot be beat. We love love loved the hotel and have already started recommending it to all our friends.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SStates
<Content>Great place to stay in downtown San Francisco My boyfriend and I stayed at the Stratford for three nights in March and were very pleased. It is the perfect location since it's very close to MUNI, BART, and cable car stops. There's no denying that the rooms are small, but that's what you're going to get in a smaller, lower-priced hotel in any city. The room was fine for us, though, and the bed was comfortable. The staff was always friendly and helpful, and we had no problem storing our luggage prior to check-in. The continental breakfast was fine, too, but don't expect an extravagant meal. We would absolutely stay here again. If I had one complaint, it would be that the single elevator in the building is extremely slow. If you're in a hurry, be ready to take the stairs.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>eykko
<Content>Stratford Hotel, SF, CA Stayed here 2 nights with my wife last week with the intention to go out in SF. Read the reviews prior and thus expected a small room. Room was clean. Bathroom almost a big as the room. Bed was comfortable. Location was PRIME! Transportation right outside your door. Plus, if you fly into SF or Oakland airport, you can take the BART to the Powell St station, which is only 2 blocks away for only about $7 round trip and save the money on valeting your car. Staff was very courteous. If you are in town just to shop and party, this is the place for you. If you have kids, you may want to reconsider. Breakfast is a little lacking if you are a morning food person. But, there's a Walgreens a block away and you can buy food there to supplement the bread, muffins, granola, and yogurt. Overall, great price for a great location. A bit small, but not a problem if all you need is a place to crash and shower in the heart of SF.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>wallami
<Content>Excellent location...Excellent value!!! I'll be back!!! My Wife and I spent a week at the Stratford over Thanksgiving in 2007. What wonderful memories!The staff was GREAT!!! Bent over backwards for us. Late arrival. No problemo! Extra pillow. Got it! Upgraded room, with out asking.....Got it! TY staff!Yes, the rooms are very, very TINY. But it was built and has been a Hotel since 1908. Very eclectic! Part of the entire experience of staying in the heart of SF. The best of locations. Just a short walk or cable ride to all the best places.We loved our stay at the Stratford. So much that we are spending another week there this April. And planning to stay again over 2008's Thanksgiving week. At $87.00 dollars a night, what a value. Can't be beat! Small rooms, yes. Clean and comfortable, YES! Great staff, DOUBLE DITTO'S! Best location, CAN WE SAY YES!!! How much time do you plan on spending in your room while at a place like SF anyway? The Stratford is more than clean and comfortable. The best DT location. Half of what most Hotels charge that are not in such a great location. Just go there and ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SeaKing65
<Content>Very Pleasantly Surprised with Feb 22-24 2008 Stay I needed a moderately priced hotel to stay at while traveling on business and decided to try this one. After reading the reviews (yes, the room was really that small), I was prepared for an average stay. Instead, I was VERY pleasantly surprised. The front desk staff was gracious when I arrived late and was able to accomodate my request for a roll-a-way bed without a problem - and they didn't charge me for it. And while the room had no real view to speak of, it was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The room was neither too hot (there is a radiator wtih an automatic turn-on valve) or too cold (ceiling fan), and while the cable cars make noise, the noise is not that bad (unless you are staying on the streetfront part of the hotel). The continental breakfast was good for those who are not big breakfast eaters, and there is a Starbuck's across the street from the hotel if you need Starbucks. The hotel is within easy walking distance to Union Square as well as Market Street and the transportation kiosk where you can purchase a 3-day cable car/street car/muni bus pass for $18 - this is a great value as you can take the cable and street cars just about anywhere you want to go. There are a number of very interesting restaurants, shops and jazz clubs in the area, again all within a pleasant walking distance. All in all, my colleague and I were very pleased and enjoyed our stay. I will most definately return again with my husband and child for a weekend stay! And I will make sure to return for the Chinese New Year's parade, as the hotel is 50 paces away from where the parade passes by.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MagellanMelbourne
<Content>Perfect Location Perfect Location! Right on Union Square and a cable stop right outside the hotel. If you stay here you'll be right near where you want to be..From here it is very easy to navigate the city. Everything you want to see will be right outside your hotel door.If I return to this city I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RoundTheWorld29
<Content>Perfect Location!! Read other reviews and wasn't sure as people were concerned about the room being too small. Our room was fine we managed to fit our suitcases in no problems. Breakfast was adequate and while the staff didn't go out of their way to do things for you they were friendly and helpful when asked questions. Perfect location as cable car stops right outside and you are just round the corner from union square. Would definitely stay here again it is everything you could possibly want for a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>3cia
<Content>Good location, that's all..       to the right- that's going towards Union Square  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Averbuch
<Content>Just location Location is terrific. Staff is on the edge of rudeness, room is tiny (without space even for the suitcases) and the walls are thin (we could listen the couple at the next door). Parking is not at the hotel (costs US$ 31/day). Complimentary breakfast could be better and the people at the restaurant could wait we finish before taking out the food. When we arrived elevator was broken and during our stay we could guess that it wasn't just a coincidence.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>delectable
<Content>Great location Great location, right in the centre of the city with the main tram line right outside.Clean and recently decorated, it is basic and the rooms are small, but the staff were really friendly and helpful, and for the price and location you'd be hard pushed to find a better budget hotel. We passed some of the others and they looked nowhere near as good.The breakfast was toast, muffins, juice, coffee etc so again basic but all freshly cooked and complimentary.If you want something luxurious you'll need to spend more, but if you want a clean and friendly base in the centre of the action The Stratford it spot on.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kapalua
<Content>Fair Value The Stratford is a 2 star hotel of fair value. The price we paid through Expedia was approximately $100.00 per night.LOCATION: Absolutely SUPERB!! 1/2 block from Union Square, 1 Block from Market Steet, the cable car runs right in front of the hotel, major department stores within 1 block, Walgreen's 1/2 block, very short walk to Chinatown and the financial district. For the walkaholics, Fisherman's wharf would be an easy stroll.LOBBY: somewhat dark and drab. They need to have stronger lights and brighter paint and carpet color. The lobby is small, but there is an attached room which has a TV and 2 computers with (very expensive) access to the internet.INTERNET ACCESS: $10/hour through the hotel, or $30/month through a wireless service. However, if you walk up to UNION SQUARE with your laptop, there is free wireless. I was there as early as 7:30 AM (brrrrrrr) and as late as 10:00PM. Relatively safe, they have security 24/7, but it's good to be alert and cautious. Connection was excellent.LOBBY STAFF: Very Friendly and helpful. Absolutely no complaints.ROOM: our room was small, but quiet. We were in the back of the hotel, so did not get any noise from the street. It was also clean, but the carpet showed its age. The bathroom was also small. Closet space was limited but adequate. The room would not be particularly comfortable for oversized people. The cleaning staff was efficient and friendly. BREAKFAST: Continental breakfast is served from 7:30 - 9:30. Simple, but adequate. Muffins, toast, bagels, cereal, oatmeal, juice, yogurt, milk, coffee. No fresh fruit.TRANSPORTATION: Cable car is efficient and fun. The bus routes are excellent and timely. We took the bus from market street to the de young museum and it worked out quite well. There is of course walking, which we did to the Asian Art Museum. BART is cheap and efficient - if you don't have a big load. We paid $5.15 one way from SFO to the Powell street exit. Finally, there seemed to be adequate taxi service. SUMMARY: If you're looking for a less expensive hotel, the stratford is worth considering.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	1	

<Author>TSouthend
<Content>Fab Location It's not the nicest hotel but it's clean and comfortable. The rooms are a bit on the small side and the buffet breakfast was a bit of a let down. This is a reasonably priced hotel in the city and I beleive you get what you pay for, which is somewhere to leave your luggage and sleep - it's San Francisco, you're not supposed to be in your room!! And when you step out the hotel you are in the heart of the city, two steps from Union Square. The cable car runs outside the hotel and at the bottom of the street you can get the bus. The muni card was a bargain and we saw the whole city using it. The Stratford isn't the Ritz but I wasn't there for the hotel. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AndyInLondon
<Content>If only the room wasn't so cold... The location is very good, if a little claustrophobic, being right on Powell Street at Union Square.The Queen-bed room I stayed in was pretty small but I can cope with that.My main gripe was that there is no individually controlled heating or aircon in the room. While the heating is on, the room is fine, but *they switch the heating off* at about 8.30pm every evening! So it got very cold after that. I don't know when the heating comes on again but it certainly wasn't before 9.30am when I left the hotel each morning.Breakfast is included in the price and was OK: muffins, pastries, toast, cereal and the like; but not much choice and it was exactly the same every day, so you may get bored of it quite quickly.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>NZOZ-team
<Content>Perfect Location  Had no problems with the Stratford. Fabulous location, right in the heart of Union Square, 2 minute walk to Macy's and all the great shops. Cable car stop right outside the hotel entrance. Perfect place to stay if no transport as Fishermans Wharf accessible by cable and walk to Union Square.Stayed from 17/10-19/10 so for a short stay was great, breakfast was excellent, cereal, toast, fresh muffins, juice and tea  coffee.Rooms are very small but fine for just sleeping and getting ready, shower good pressure and everything clean and room serviced perfectly every morning.Lift is very slow but as we were on level 3 it was no problem to take the stairs rather than wait.All in all would definately reccomend this hotel to anyone travelling to San Francisco, for the price the location is unbeatable and it is clean, safe and all you need. If we return to San Fran would definately be booking the Stratford  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>g0dus
<Content>Location, Location, Location My wife and I decided 11 years ago that we would celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary in 2007 with a month touring the west coast of America. I'm always up for a months holiday but I'll be the first to admit my number 1 priority is value for money and thanks to the internet and TA, this is just what I found with this hotel. (I had 11 years to research it and stayed here!!)The location is perfect, right in the heart of the city and within walking distance of most major places of interest. (Get a travel pass and everything is in reach via cable car/bus/muni).Staff were extremely helpful and always had suggestions if we were looking for something to do or a route to a certain location.The rooms were clean and functional and to us Brits, they were certainly of an adequate size.Breakfast consisted of toast, muffins, dried fruit and natural yoghurt with tea coffee and juice, not too heavy and sets you up nicely for a day sightseeing.The lift is slow but we felt it added to the character of the hotel and caused us no problems.I would advise anybody visiting SF to seriously consider this as a base for their trip. We stayed 24-28 Sept and paid $89 per night which I thought was good for a city centre hotel with breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>randyjeannie
<Content>Perfect Vacation My Wife and I spent 7 nights at the Stratford Hotel in August of 2007. This was our first visit to SF and we stayed here by recommendation from a relative that had stayed there before. It was the most perfect location right in Union Square, famous cable cars running right in front of our hotel with easy on and off access without the long lines. The staff at the Hotel was so very friendly, nice and helpful. The breakfast was awesome. I highly recommend the Hotel to anyone wanting a very clean, affordable, and perfect location. Thanks to all the staff at the Stratford for making our vacation in SF so special. Randy NC  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clyde77
<Content>Incompetent mgmt, great location       Stratford entrance  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>metalliam
<Content>A fair enough place for the price It's been said before here, but I'll say it again...if you're after luxury, go elsewhere. It's a basic place, clean, with an OK breakfast...most important, the central location. It's right where you want to be for everything.We booked through expedia so paid through them, however upon returning home I found that my card had been charged again. I thought this may be a problem, however I got all my money back.It's not going to be the Waldorf, but you want to be out experiencing the city, not lounging around in the hotel.I give it 4 stars because of the price and location, and the fact that it was clean and in a safe area.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>annakalina
<Content>Don't bother to go here The last days of our road trip through California we stayed in this hotel. I can't recommend it. The rooms are tiny, noisy and I believe the price isn't that marvellous as well (you can find better deals!) If you stay in SF I highly recommend The Monticello Hotel (only one black more to Powell Station). I stayed there the first nights which was simply marvellous. Fine, large rooms, breakfast and complimentary wine in the afternoon and free internet! Clean  crisp. So do'n bother with the Stratford and find an other deal!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>Bailey88
<Content>Horrible, rude and cramped The Straford Hotel was miserable. Once you put your suitcases down, there is no room to walk. Our shower door didn't close and our window didn't close either. There was no screen and our view was of a brick wall. The bed felt flimsy and the sheets were scratchy. Don't count on getting much sleep, it was loud in the hotel regardless of our window being open. If you are still in college and ready to party all night, this might be the place for you. The location was good but I would pay more money next time to keep some sanity while on a vacation.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>gtbek
<Content>Fantastic Location, not so fantastic hotel Well as you can read in every other review, the rooms here are TINY! As you open your door you almost hit the end of the bed, but at the same time, it had everything we needed... although the only place to sit is on your bed. One thing I found a real problem was the fact that there is one small window and if you leave it open at night it is noisy. We had to sleep with the window closed which made the room really hot to sleep in as there is no air-conditioning or fan. The front desk gave us the wrong room type but we had no troubles getting a different room when we went and told them.The hotel is in a fantastic location, souvenirs, groceries, clothes... everything you could need is all located within a 5 minute walk of the hotel including the big Westfield shopping centre.My friend and I only stayed at the hotel for 2 nights so it was tolerable, but I'm glad we weren't staying there for too much longer as the room really was small and there was no ventilation. I think part of the reason I was so unimpressed was simply because I had stayed in fabulous hotels in LA and Vegas for the 2 weeks before our stay at the Stratford and we had become used to the standard.For anyone who is on a budget or staying for a short time I would say try the Stratford simply for its amazing location, but if you are in town for longer, maybe fork out bit more money and find somewhere with more comfort (ie. air-con)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>tjskae
<Content>Pefect for travelers on a BUDGET who don't want a DIVE hotel! My husband and I were first time visitors to San Francisco. We wanted to see the sites and enjoy the city -- not spend time in our hotel room. The Stratford was absolutely perfect for this. Best hotel location in the city -- close to Union Square, but it's easy to get to other areas by hopping on the cable cars. The rooms are small and the beds aren't pillow-top (by any means!), but the place is clean, quaint, and the staff is very friendly. You will feel safe here and you will be glad that you saved some money on the hotel so you can spend it on other things.We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>katianaMontgomery_AL
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Stratford My husband and I stayed here for five days and found it to be a wonderful experience. As noted by the reviews the room was indeed small but adequate for our needs as we were only in the room to sleep. We had no problem with street noise and slept with the window open. The staff was very helpful with any questions we had and very knowledgeable about the area. We loved the convenience of the hotel and would hightly recommend it to anyone. Also, we loved the breakfast in the AM. We thought it was quite adequate for our needs. We would definitely stay here again on our next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DebbieCincinnaitOhio
<Content>Great Value, Great Location..Noisy We had six people and this is one of few hotels that could hold six people without booking two rooms. It is right on the cablecar line which was fun for the kids (ages 15 - 21). No air conditioning and it did get a little hot. The hotel was noisy with some guest fighting in the middle of the night (two nights in a row) the outside is noisy and since the windows needed to be open,this was an issue with the kids in the front...it was a clean hotel, nice staff, convenient to everything..location location...it was fun to be where were for the price!! I would book that again if I needed that much space.Debbie from Cincinnati Ohio  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>AussieTrish
<Content>Would definitely stay here again The Sratford Hotel is in the heart of San Fransico, minutes from transport to places such as Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39 and a train to the airport. The rooms are small but very clean and pleasant to stay in. We were on the 4th floor which meant noise of traffic was minimal. Very pleased with the breakfast selection. The lift was slow but there are stairs if you are in a hurray. Staff were helpful and friendly. I loved being able to step out of the hotel and be right in the centre of town - shops, Union Square, cable car etc. I would definitely stay here again but possibly avoid a weekend as prices rise considerably.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Speedplay
<Content>Very Happy Customer My wife and I arrived on the 4th of July in the afternoon and were greeted very warmly by the staff. As soon as we got to our room (we were very happy to have a view of the street) we took off to explore. We found that our hotel is located just half a block from Union Square and just 2 blocks from where the cable car turns around. So not only is The Stratford located very close to so many of the things we wanted to see but it is a wonderful hotel. The free morning breakfast is just the healthy food we needed to start our day. The room has a very nice bathroom and is very clean and well laid out. We were unable to do and see all the things we wanted to so when we come back to San Francisco we will without a doubt be staying at The Stratford and I will also be recommending this hotel to anybody I know making the same trip.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucy1980
<Content>Perfectly suitable for short break Having read some of the previous reviews of the Stratford I wasn't sure what to expect when we arrived.However, we were pleasantly suprised by what we found. On check in we met the friendliest security guy ever and had a chat with him before we went to our room.The rooms are not massive, but perfectly adequate for 2 people plus luggage. decor was fine, very clean, nice bathroom, good TV.Throughout a 2 week trip we made to the US, very few hotels we stayed in included breakfast so that's an added bonus at the Stratford. They have cereals, bread, muffins, tea, coffee and orange juice.Location is unbeatable-the hotel is steps away from Union Square, right on the tram line to get to Fishermans Wharf and has some good restaurants and bars in the surrounding streets so everything you need is in good walking distance.I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sparkler02
<Content>Loved It! 06/29/07 - I stayed at this hotel back in Feb. '05. It was the first time that I went to San Fran. The reason I booked at this hotel, was because of the price and location. I made a good choice. The rooms are little on the smaller side, but you are not going to San Fran to stay in your room. The rooms were very nice. A lot of shopping, restaurant, bars and a mall nearby. The staff was very kind and friendly and this is the reason I'm booking at this hotel when I go to San Fran in september. Thank You Stratford Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>samdogNY
<Content>GREAT... Great place... read review just prior to this one and he says it all very well.... was there in April 2007 ... 2nd time in SF/Union square in past year.....TIP: This hotel is affordable enough to just book it outright.... NOT worth playing games on HOTWIRE to get a Union Square hotel for $30 less b/c it can very shady very quickly .... The Powell is another nice affordable choice w/slightly bigger rooms... but overall the location, nice breakfast and value of the STRATFORD i will def go back there next time in SF....  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jmarcus
<Content>Everything you need My girlfriend and I stayed at The Stratford for one night in May, a Thursday. Arriving into the Oakland airport late (11:30), we had no trouble finding the hotel and checking in. The staff was very helpful in directing us on where to 1) park, 2) get a late nite dinner, and 3) find a cool bar to have a nitecap. Parking was conveniently located a block away (Ofarrell  Mason) in a public garage  was predictably expensive ($26 for 18 hr). Once the car was parked we went to Cafe Mason, right near the parking garage. This was an excellent choice for a respectable  delicious late nite meal. Afterwards, on the way back to the hotel we stopped in Johnny Foley's Irish House just around the corner for a few drinks and to take in some San Fran nite life. Highlight of the night: the transvestite lounge singer who takes requests at the pub.The room was admittedly small, but was clean  had nice design to it. You could defineatly feel the vibe. Why do you need a big room, if your just going to sleep in it? The bathroom was clean and decorated sparingly with style. The elevator was slow at times, but it wasn't too much of a hassle to use the stairs as we were on the fourth floor. Breakfast was nice and light, granola, yogurt, muffins, tea, coffee,  juice. The breakfast room overlooks Powell St. and the hustle  bustle of the city. Hearing the cablecar go by every few minutes really made us anxious to get out and explore the city. Of note; as we were staying in the standard room, wi-fi was not included and was only available for a fee. Fortunately, there was a free hotspot at union square that could be accessed from the hotel (yes, that is how close it is to Union Square).The best thing about this place is the central location to EVERYTHING. BART, Muni Metro, the F Market Streetcar, cable cars,  buses run constantly within a short distance of the Stratford. Before checking out that morning we walked around the neighborhood. Two blocks down Powell is Market St., where the cable cars turn around and a convenient place to buy your Muni pass. Low and behold, what store was right next door? A three story Forever 21, alas my girlfriend was in heaven........also nearby is a giant Macy's fronting Union square and numerous art galleries. While there are quite a bit of panhandlers around, they are not aggressive and shouldn't be feared. They can even be of help to lost or confused tourists.All in all, The Stratford was done right. Cheap rates ($90 in high season), nice accommodations, polite  helpful staff, in an awesome neighborhood in the middle of everything. What more could you ask for? I will definitely stay at the Stratford next time I'm in San Fran.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>gsstrick
<Content>Great Location - Room adequate I booked one night on Orbitz  called to add another night. We paid $147 per night. The location is great - right in the middle of everything. The room iwas very, very small. We booked a King size room thru Orbitz. When we got to our room, it was a queen. When we went to the front desk, they said they didn't have king rooms. We paid $10 more for the king. We told the front desk but didn't even acknowledge it. I have since gone on the Orbitz site and they have removed the king room. The bed took up the whole room. The bathroom was very small but extremely clean. Our room was right next to the stairway and it just happened that there was some kind of run/walk going on the next day. The walls are paper thin and the runners were on the stairs at 5:00am. Our room looked out at a brick wall. No air but didn't need it. We learned real quick that San Francisco is not very warm, my husband ended up buying a winter jacket! There was a couple checking out the day after we checked in. They did not have a working toilet for the 2 days that they were there. There were no other rooms available and the hotel offered them $20 off a night. The couple said it was not acceptable but the girl at the desk did not back down. They left with an open credit card bill until the manager could get back to them. Would we stay again? Probably not - there are other hotels nearby.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IanE15
<Content>About as central as you can get The Stratford is a good but unprepossessing budget hotel right on Powell Street less than a block from Union Square. The basic rooms are small but clean and well furnished. I've stayed there twice, first in 311 a small room at the back of the hotel. It was small but very quiet and perfectly adequate. This time we had room 601, one of their deluxe Centennial Club Rooms. This was a much larger, better furnished room overlooking Powell... it was noisy at night, and again in the morning when recycled garbage was collected around 4am and then a little later when the cable cars started. We had no problem sleeping and the noise of the city gave it an atmosphere, but if you are a light sleeper don't get one in the front. The modest breakfast is included in the price and is fine, though it would be nice to have had fruit on offer. Free local newspapers also available at breakfast. The staff are really helpful and friendly. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>AustralianTravellor
<Content>Stratford lived up to expectations Read some of the other reviews - yes the room is smallish, yes the tv is up high and yes the elevator is very slow BUT considering the location, the price, and that I wanted to be outside the hotel playing tourist, these things were not an inconvenience at all. The room and bathroom were clean, the furnishing were clean, the bed was comfortable - it was a great stay and I would stay there again.Best of all the staff that I talked with were helpful and wanted to be helpful, gee it makes a difference. Thanks.Another reviewer mentioned to request a room away from the elevator - great bit of advice that.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MaJoe
<Content>A Pleasant Experience!!!- April 22       Inside room  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lrebuelta
<Content>Excellent hotel and breakfast We stay in this hotel for 4 nights. It was perfect for what we need because in San Francisco you don鈥檛 need car and the Hotel has 2 lines of cable car and at night all around close late. The room was small but comfortable, and it was at the back, so we didn鈥檛 heart the sound from the street. I recommend this hotel to every one.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>juliedmc
<Content>Great room, great rate, friendly staff! I loved staying at the Stratford. We had a nice little room, one of their standard queen bed rooms, towards the back of the property. We didn't have much of a view, but that didn't really matter to us. The room was small, I won't lie on that point, but we didn't go to San Francisco to spend the whole time in our room. The room was clean and the furnishings were nice. It looked like it had been recently remodeled, the paint was nice and clean looking. Our bed was very comfy and my husband and I slept like a dream, even though neither of us sleep well in hotel rooms. I love how close this place is to all the fun things to do on Market Street. We were right across the street from all sorts of restraunts on Powell and were just a short walk from the Westfield mall and all the shops around there. It was also very easy to get around to the other places in the city as well. We were close enough to walk all the way to Chinatown and back. The Stratford is right on the cable car line, and you can catch it right outside the hotel's door. It's also very close to the underground train and the bus line. It wasn't noisy at all, like other guests have mentioned, but, we were at the back of the property. We left both windows open all night both nights and didn't have a problem at all, and I'm an incredibly light sleeper. The elevator did seem to move a little slow sometimes, but it's an old building so I didn't expect it to go rocket fast! Plus, I wasn't really in any sort of a hurry. The staff was incredibly helpful when we asked about buying MUNI passes and places to eat and thrift shops to go to in the area! It was nice to have someone to valet park our car too, then we didn't have to worry about it for two days!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Bunnyfriend
<Content>charming I took my mom to SF and stayed 3 nights at the Stratford and found it perfectly acceptable. We didn't notice any smell in the lobby like others mentioned. The room was small but not to the extent that the door opens into the bed. We found it charming and decently clean. We requested a room facing the street because it would be boring to stay at the back. It was noisy the first night but we quickly got used to the city buzz and slept like babies for the following nights. We didn't find the elevator *that* slow but then we don't understand what was the hurry. Location-wise, it is definitely convenient. Cable car is only steps from the front door and a short walk from the Powell station.Breakfast consists of sliced bread, muffins, granola, yogurt, jam, juice, coffee and hot water. Far from ideal for a vegan like me. But it's a minor irritant. My mom who is a vegetarian, enjoyed the muffins and granola with yogurt.The interesting part was -- someone set off the fire alarm early in the morning one day (before day break) and the fire alarm sent us running up and down the stairs some 3 times before the issue was resolved. We were up anyway and found the unintended morning exercise amusing. But some elderly in wheelchair was stressed, trapped on the 6th floor without a working elevator. Not at all the hotel's fault. Just such things happen.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>theChulos
<Content>Crammed quarters...               
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CarlaBatonRouge
<Content>Good Deal My husband and I stayed for 3 nights in February. We had reserved a Standard Room, but had to upgrade to a Club Room. The Standard was dark, cramped, smelled stale and had very worn/unattractive bedding. NOTHING like the cheerful picture the hotel features online. The Club Room was nicely furnished, modern and had a large bathroom. It looked exactly like the photo on their website. My only complaint was the tolitries were never replenished. The complimentary breakfast was basic, but plentiful - yogurt, granola, pastry, juice, coffee. Overall, it was a fantastic deal for the location. We would definitely stay here again, unbeatable value and perfect location.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sittinpretty71
<Content>Great little hotel, superb location, friendly staff, good room       Stratford Hotel, Looking towards Union Square  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mole6e23
<Content>Great inexpensive hotel in heart of SF We were very happy with our stay here. The rooms are VERY small, we didn't have a view (except of a brick wall), but we stayed in the center of SF for less than $70 a night, and that's hard to beat. This hotel is more in the European style - the room is not where you will be spending most of your time, so why bother making it huge?Everything was clean enough that we were comfortable. The free breakfast was good enough to get your day started, and the staff was helpful all the time, and friendly most of the time. We have already recommended this hotel to several of our friends and acquaintances and will return when we next go to SF.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>The_OC_Bride
<Content>Can't wait to return!! My fiance and I wanted to attend the Emerald Bowl, but did not want to spend a lot of money on our hotel stay. So, we chose to stay at the Stratford Hotel from Dec. 26-28. What a great choice and value!! We loved the Stratford and will stay there again!When we arrived at the Stratford, we unloaded and parked the car and did not get back into the car until we checked out of the hotel! Everything we needed was at or around the hotel! We walked everywhere! We walked to ATT Park, Fisherman's Wharf, to the shops, bars, and restaurants. The room was very small, but nice. We loved the comfortable bed, earth tone decor, yellow walls, and roomy bathroom. The view from our room was fantastic! We saw the cable car, shops, and food venues. I was a little concerned about the noise from the street below, but the windows kept all the sound out. The second night we actually slept with one window open!The only downside is the slow elevator, but please remember this building is very old. If you're looking for a hotel in a great San Francisco location, great value, and comfortable stay, please choose the Stratford. =)  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>man_from_Brum
<Content>Great position for price       outside the stratford its right in the thick of it ..great  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>shrops
<Content>Perfect location After initial fears that I had chosen the wrong hotel, we were delighted to find that in fact for somewhere to stop over for 3 nights whilst exploring San Francisco it was perfect. Yes the rooms are a little on the small side, but for just somewhere to sleep it was fine. Breakfast had plenty of choice with the usual muffins and toast. I would have no problem staying there the next time I visit.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Pontex
<Content>Perfect small hotel Small but immaculate standard room with a comfortable double bed, cable TV, a large bathroom. A half block from Union Square with the cable car at the entrance and all types of retaurants within walking distance. Ask for an interior room to avoid street noise. Also two blocks from the Metro and the BART stations to both SFO and Oakland airports. Modest prices [for San Francisco] include a good continental breakfast. The desk clerks were very helpful, and responded right away to requests. Many foreign tourists use the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SeanFromReno
<Content>Excellent Hotel !! Located in Reno, a visit to San Francisco is just a few hours away. As I visit the city frequently, I have my favorite places to stay. Before making the trip I decided to surf the internet and see what hotel options were out there. If you have ever been to San Francisco, you will know that hotels are either affordable (and you wouldn't send your worst enemy their way) or extremely overpriced (and you wouldn't have enough money to enjoy any of the amazing things the city has to offer). Rarely does a hotel come along that has an excellent location, great amenities and affordable ~ until the Stratford. Upon arriving at the hotel I was quite suprised. You could not find a better location in Union Square. I was checked in right away and was quite pleased with the room. Although small (as every hotel room is in San Francisco) it was very clean and modern. There was in-room internet access, an I-Pod docking station and a stand up shower. The room had recently been remodeled and was much nicer than I ever expected. I was in room 701 and had an excellent view of Powell street. As this is one of the most lively areas in San Francisco, the nightlife was bustling right outside the window. It was great to open the windows and listen to the street musicians and the bells of the trolley's passing by. In the morning you can smell the fresh air of the city as the fog is rolling away and hear the laughter and relaxed conversaion of other visitors as they go about their visit to this amazing city. At the Stratford, you are within walking distance to premier shopping, China Town, the Muni (Underground subway system that will take you anywhere you want to go) and a huge variety of restaurants and entertainment. After my visit to the Stratford, this has become my hotel of choice. I will not stay anywhere else in the city ever again. If you are looking for a quiet out of the way restful vacation, this is not your place. If you want to feel the pulse of the city and be amongst it all, try the Stratford. Price, location  personality all make this a perfect hot spot. Previous posts mention the slow elevator. There is only one, and it is quite slow. The wait is not extreme, however, I found myself using the stairs during busy lobby times and was not inconvenienced in any way. To me, the small, slow elevator was just another piece of rustic charm this great boutique hotel has to offer!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccoward
<Content>The worst hotel on our recent trip to the USA       view of the hotel from the street  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>NeverStandStill
<Content>Great Value First let me say, I was traveling on a budget and alone! I found this hotel on hotels.com for approximately $100.00 per night. I checked other reviews here on TripAdvisor and decided to go for it. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very accomodating in finding me a room that was in a main hallway so that I would feel comfortable in the fact that I was a female traveling alone. The breakfast that was included was not gourmet, but certainly a luxury that we Americans do not see very often. The room was very clean. Yes, it was small and the comforter wasn't down filled, but you should expect that if you are paying $100.00 a night.The decor' of the lobby and the sitting area was nice. There were three computers and a printer available with a swipe of a card. I found this particularly convenient the day I was leaving. I was able to check-in online for my flight and print my boarding pass. Finally...I was right around the corner from Union Square and plenty of desireable restaurants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that doesn't feel the need to spend $400.00 per night for a room.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HTS
<Content>Not Impressed Although the location is great if you want to be by Union Square, and the rates may be competitive, I was not happy with my stay. I stayed 1 night on business (try the Chencellor Hotel for comparable value but much better service). Was supposed to be at the Adante Hotel but they were booked and sent me to their sister hotel, the Stratford (thankfully! The Adante is not close at all to Union Square and is in much seedier part of the neighborhood). - I didn't find the staff that helpful or friendly; too busy to acknowledge me at the desk; had to wait to get my suitcase from the luggage storage; got attitude whan I asked them to hunt down the guy with the keys so I could catch my plane.- My TV did not work; the clock radio did not work; the sink (in the bedroom) leaked; no ironing board in the room; didn't allow early check-in or late check-out (I can live with this becasue they were booked up, but fit trend of being inflexible and not too concerned about customer service); elevator does take forever; no free WiFi (Tip: Union Square has free public WiFi); no A/C, which in San Fran is okay, but no ceiiling fan in the room). - On the good side, I thought the Tea Room was okay for continental breakfast, coffee etc.If you're going to stay there it better be for the location and the value.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Hobbit_Oz
<Content>Good Location Have just spent three nights in this hotel.The staff were very friendly and helpful.After checking in, we waited for what seemed like an eternity for the lift to arrive ( this was to become a regular occourence), On arriving at the eighth floor we found our room and opened the door about two feet before it hit the bed. Whilst the room contained a double bed and a small desk there was barely enough room for one adult plus one suitcase let alone two adults and two suitcases. The bathroom was basic and functional. The veiw was great - if you liked looking at brick walls, if you lent out of the window and twisted your neck you could just about see the street.Breakfast was included, if you could stomach the day old muffins and some sort of musili. There was no coffee making facilities in the room, and facilities were only available at breakfast and between 3 to 5pm.The only good thing about this hotel is its location close to Union square.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>wee1
<Content>Great location       Take the Big Red Shiny Mac Fire Engine Tour, it's great fun for young  old alike!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>cvmk
<Content>Excellent value We had an a good stay at the Stratford. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean  tidy. The breakfast was a good start to the day. The location is a the heart of everything. We would recommend this hotel to any friends or family who may be going to SF.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>WelshTravellers
<Content>Excellent Location and Value This was the first hotel my friend and I stayed at when we arrived for a two week holiday in San Francisco. You can not beat it's location especially if you are new to the area it is right on Powell street next to shops, transport links, restaurants etc. We had a room at the back of the hotel as well as on the end of a row. After reading past reviews of the hotel we weren't expecting much and we knew we hadn't paid a huge amount; however we were pleasantly surprise the room was plenty big enough and had a decent size bathroom. The sink was in the main room with a nice mirror and space to store your toiletries.  The breakfast was a nice touch and we filled ourselves up on toast, muffins, cereal etc. If you don't fancy this there are plenty of options for other food close by.  As I mentioned the location is excellent right by the shopping centre, Macy's and the lovely Union Square is a few strides away. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful; even making a phone calls to our tour providers to sort out some problems we were having. There is a small lounge on the ground floor at the back as well as two computers where for a small charge you can access the internet. Overall I would recommend this hotel for a first stop off in the city; it is a budget hotel so if your staying for more than a few days you may want some more luxury; but for what you pay you get a good service and stay.Tips: request a room at the back of the hotel. The smell you may experience as you enter the hotel is  only coming from Lush next door. Make the most of the helpful staff and ask any questions  you may have; they are happy to help and make  Recommendations for restaurants etc.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>benzng
<Content>Hated Stratford This is one of the hotel says I cannot forget. Its the worst hotel I have to but in fairness it is a budget hotel. The Holiday Inn lodge would be alot better. The rooms are small, and you have a sink right beside your bed! We stayed there during the winter months so it was cold. I woke up at 3 am in the morning and complained that the heater wasnt working. The person I talked to said the heater conked out. They told me we could not do anything about it. The breakfast option is simple...sometimes getting a donut across the street is better. The location is great as it is in Union Square, they have one computer below with free internet. If you have the money dont stay here...if you could stand no heaters/aircon, the noise across the street, the chance of your toilet getting flooded, a very damp room, then this could be the hotel for you.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worried for nothing Some of the reviews posted close to my arrival date had me worried. I was glad I worried for nothing. The hotel has a great location and a very good price. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I arrived at 10:00 a.m. and was able to check in. There was a faint clorine smell in the hall but none in the room. The rooms are smaller than I am used to but was largenough to accomidate 2 people. The only negatives are small and most only apply to short people. The street side is noisy - but a great view. With the windows closed most of the noise was muffled. Two of the days I was there were unusually warm so a ceiling fan or a/c would have been nice. The mirrors on the walls were hung high - I am 5'2, a shelf near the sink would be nice to put the toiltries out, the shower curtin was hung to high, the bottom barley touched the top of the tub wall so if the curtin did not hang just so water go all over the tiled bathroom floor. A positive is we had a great supply of towles. The breakfast was a nice feature - coffee, muffins, cerial, yougurt and tea. Concierge counter had a great selection of things to do. There is a sitting area in the back. I would stay there again but would definaly want a back room.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maesbriallu
<Content>Great budget stay Excellent place to stay if you want to be at the heart of the tourist area. We stayed for four nights and were really happy with our choice because....- easy access to public transportation- complementary breakfast is a bonus - nothing fancy but good way to fuel up before cycling the Golden Gate!- our room was on the eighth floor - highly recommend requesting this as it was very quiet- plenty of hot water, comfy bed, helpful staff etc etcOverall an excellent place to stay, and in response to other comments, yes the elevator is slow but how much of a hurry do you really have to be in? And re. the strong smell in the hotel - it didn't take much deduction to realize that this is from the 'Lush' shop next door! We would definitely recommend The Stratford as a budget stay. $90/night very well spent.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic But Ideal My girlfriend and I just returned home to the UK from a 2 week holiday in Hawaii, with a 6 night stay at the Stratford in San Francisco. We were with 2 other friends and found this hotel to be ideal for our needs (great location, under budget and friendly staff). We expexted the rooms to be basic with little luxuries, we also expected maybe a few problems (as described in previous reviews). Although we did not expect to have to relocate rooms at 6am due to flooding of the bathroom, which was the case!! Our friends in room 608 opposite us woke up in the morning and found their floor soaked in toilet water! The hotel I think has inadequate piping and judging by previous reviews, this might explain smells of damp/mould through the hotel.Saying that the hotel was fine for everything else and friendly and very helpful reception staff was a bonus!P.S. If you get the chance to hire bikes, then we recommend to cycle along to and across the Golden Gate Bridge to the small town of Sausalito. Its a good afternoon out and you can even get ferry back if prefered.....  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HorridToad
<Content>False Advertising My daughter and I stayed at The Stratford Hotel last week for two nights. While the location is wonderful and the staff polite, there were problems. Our room smelled strongly of chlorine when we arrived, and the carpet was moist and moldy. We had to have the window open all night, but still my daughter had asthma attacks both nights. The lights went out in the bathroom and over the sink (circuit breaker?) twice. The bottled waters for sale for $4. were insulting. We went out the second morning, returning at 10:30 to collect our luggage and check out. Our door wouldn't open. When we asked we were told that our keys must have been de-magnetized. Very annoying to be locked out before check-out.The worst disappointment was breakfast. On the website the picture shows tablecloths, baskets of fruit and assorted rolls, etc.- a very lovely-looking meal. It wasn't like that at all. There were loaves of bread still in the wrapper you could toast yourself, over-sweetened granola, day-old muffins, a juice dispenser and self-serve coffee which was often empty. No fresh fruit. No rolls. No tablecloths. Awful.With better management, this hotel could be a really lovely place to stay in San Francisco. As it is, I doubt we'll return.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay #2 As many reviewers have noted, the Stratford has a great central location. Access to Union Square and and Muni/BART at the Powell Street Station is wonderful. The hotel is also very reasonably priced. I found the staff to be generally friendly and helpful. They got me into my room well before the 3 PM check-in time and kindly allowed me a late checkout. However, I found the house keeping staff to be rather intrusive. I was not quick enough to acknowledge a house keeper's rap at the door while napping and found myself having a dialog with her from my bed. I would have to echo some complaints about smell. This may be due to the strong bleach solution used to clean the bathroom. It took some time to air out. The Hotel should also try to check out the noise made by the bathroom vent fans. Mine sounded like a WWII vintage airplane engine. The location is noisy, particularly for rooms on the Powell Street side of the building. Bring earplugs if you have them. Even the hotel offers them. I had a room somewhat back from Powell Street and was not bothered by the noise. The room was small, clean, and furnished with a comfortable bed, writing desk, and TV. My room had been redone in a simple, straightforward style somewhat reminiscent of Ikea. I found that I did miss having a sitting area. Though, I don't suppose it's an issue if you're going to be out on the town. The rooms are heated by radiators, consequently guests don't have good temperature control. In trying to air out my room, I found that the room became a bit cool. The Hotel advertises wireless internet access which it doesn't have, and it should stop advertising wireless access until it really gets it. I have been assured that it will be coming. There is a Google wifi network that covers Union Square, and it is possible to get a wireless connection there. The Google signal is available if one moves over to the Powell Street side of the building. internet access via desk top computers is available in the back of the main lobby, though seems a bit expensive at $4 for 20 minutes. i would consider staying at the Stratford again, but think I may be willing to pay a bit more for a quieter location, in room WiFi internet access, and more of a sitting area.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PScruiser
<Content>Location can't be beat! Stayed at the Strattford for 5 nights for a convention, and very satisfied for the price we paid ($80). First of all, the location is great - Convention Ctr. is 4 blocks, 2 blocks to cable car station, BART, and Visitor Ctr. Just off Union Square - great shopping, if that's your thing.The cable car allows direct access to Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. Tip: to get a multiday pass for the cable car and buses (a big moneysaver), go to the Visitors Ctr., don't wait in the line at the nearby cable car station. We arrived from the airport by BART ($5), no hassle, and an easy walk even with luggage. The hotel itself reminded me of the kind of little place you will find in a European city. Staff was friendly enough. The room was tiny but cozy, clean, shower large with good pressure. The breakfast is VERY basic, but with SF prices, might as well wolf down those muffins to fill up! Coffee and orange juice were both decent. Would definitely stay here again.Some tips: 1. Don't hesitate to use BART to get to this hotel, it's close. 2. Union Square has a booth selling half price theater ticket. We went to 2 shows within easy walking distance, and they were great. 3. Just up the street and around the corner is a place called Lefty O'Doul's that has meals and sandwiches served cafeteria style - good, filling, and very inexpensive. Same place is also a good pub, and has a piano bar every night - it was our hangout!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eded2005
<Content>Okay The location is really great and the breakfast is not bad (it also has granola and orange juice). Lots of europeans stay here and it is possible to make friends. The room is small (but not that small for SF patterns). The shower works great. The two problems I found were that the room was very smelly and that the hotel has no common areas at all (there is just one sofa in the back of the elevator in the first floor) to seat outside the room an relax. Since it was rainning a lot I missed that kind of area to spend some time (and did not want to stay much in the room because the smell was bad).  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value My wife and I (we're in late 20's) stayed at the Stratford in March 2006. The room was very, very small. It was a bit of a shock at first, but we quickly got used to it. The furniture was modern and clean. The room was in great shape and looked like it's been recently remodelled. We're used to a queen size bed, so the double bed at Stratford was a little small for us. If you're larger stature and staying for more than a few days, you may want to keep that in mind. But, you can't beat the price and the location. There are plenty of good bars and shops in the area. It's only a few steps from the Union Square, which is a very hip area. You can also hop on the cable car and get to anywhere in the city within a few minutes.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small Room but GREAT location! Me and my hubby were on our honeymoon to the US and SF was our first stop. We stayed at the Stratford from 15 - 17 March 06 and were very satisfied with our experience. The room was the smallest hotel room we've ever stayed in and there was no view to speak of (just the walls of the neighbouring buiilding), but the location can't be beat.We arrived at 9am and paid an additional US$10 for an early check-in. We terribly needed a shower after our 20hr flight, hence US$10 seemed reasonable.The location is so central that you can walk everywhere! Although with the many steep hills in SF, the tram is the better way to travel around. There's a stop right outside the hotel so it's superbly convenient. Breakfast was in a nice cosy room overlooking Powell Street. It's simple fare of toast and muffins with juices and coffee/tea, but that was sufficient for our needs.Overall we would definitely recommend the hotel and even stay here again when we next come back. It's not posh but very value for money and the location is simply PERFECT!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Intrepidtvlr
<Content>Ideal location My girlfriend and I stayed at the Stratford March 7th through 9th and found it perfect for our needs. During working trips I've been placed at the Hyatt, Argonaut and several other 4 and 5 star SF hotels. I've always thought it was a shame someone was paying $300 TO $800 per night for my rooms when I was only there to sleep and shower. This recent trip to SF was for fun and we both agreed we'd rather spend our money on nice restaurants and shopping. We took a chance on the Stratford and found it absolutely ideal location-wise. Approaching the hotel we noticed the outside sign was parially removed and frankly it had a sort of skanky ramshakle look to it. But inside it smelled nice and the furnishings were rather hip. The clerk was courteous and helped us store our luggage since we arrived early (10:00am). Check-in is at 3:00 but he recommended we return about 2:00 pm and we did. At check-in I asked for a room away from the street. The rooms are small but clean and totally adequate. The room away from the street was probably a good idea since the street is very noisy. In the evening there was a full drum set and electric guitar set-up on the corner across the street from the entrance of the hotel but we heard nothing of it in our room. It must have been hell for rooms facing the street.Getting thereWe arrived at SFO and took the BART to Powell station in downtown SF ($5.15) which is only two blocks from the hotel. If you hate traffic and parking hassles the ease of getting to the Stratford from SFO is a huge relief. The one problem however are the lame and confusing BART ticket machines. Tokyo, NY, Rio and other big city metros are so much more visitor friendlyUnion Square is literally seconds from the hotel's front desk. The cable car runs in front of the hotel and Chinatown is a ten to fifteen minute walk away. We never needed a car but did take a taxi once.The free continental breakfast wasn't fancy but if all you need is some coffee or tea and a muffin or toast you'll be fine. If you need more there are dozens of places to get a full breakfast near by.I read from one reviewer that the elevator was very slow. Maybe that reviewer drinks too much coffee. It's slow but nothing to burst a blood vessel over. Just for fun I timed it and on the average it took 3 to 4 seconds per floor. I can deal with that. Of course if you want to take the elevator during peak check-out time or when people will be going out for dinner you may find yourself waiting a bit for the elevator to reach your floor or the lobby. Actually, we took the stairs down to the breakfast room to avoid that busy time.The bottom line is the Stratford is in a perfect location and suits travelers who don't need frills. It's clean and safe and in a way sort of hip. I would definitely stay there again! Maybe we should keep this place a secret!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Spiney
<Content>San Francisco bargain My wife and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Stratford. Our room was small, but clean and the location cannot be beat! We paid only $80 per night, booked on Hotels.I am disappointed, however, to discover from other reviews here that a continental breakfast was included! No one at the hotel told us so we ended up buying an expensive breakfast elsewhere each day.I would stay at the Stratford again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lazychimp
<Content>Great value Just arrived back from 2 weeks on West Coast. Spent 4 nights at Stratford Hotel (March 1st-March 5th). The location is fantastic, couldn't be better. We were given a room on the 7th floor, it faced away from the street which i assume is a distinct advantadge as it can get quite noisy with trams etc. Room was small but the bathroom was large but for the money who cares, we went there to visit the city not sit in our room. Everthing seemed very clean as well. Staff were helpful. Breakfast is limited to toast and muffins with plenty of choice with drinks though. Again for the money who can complain, just so long as we had something to keep us going. We walked around a lot, San Francisco has a lot of distinct neighborhoods (and hills!) so be prepared. People were great, very helpful and laid back. If you walk down Geary and Sutter about a mile or so you skirt the Tenderloin area and you can tell its a a bit run down there but don't worry i just wouldnt walk round there at night thats all.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yvscot
<Content>Great location For value you can't beat this hotel. It's location is really great - right in the heart of San Francisco, surrounded by all the shops you could ever want and transport to take you to other areas. As a solo traveller the location suited me just fine.The room was small and smelt slightly - i think of damp - but it was clean and well looked after on a daily basis. It was away from Powell Street and was quiet on a night.For its location, i would certainly consider staying at the Stratford again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay there again... The stratford was ideally located and above-par as far as quality relative to cost. the saxophone player on Powell was definitely audible, though he did not play long into the night. the place wasn't posh or anything but i found it a great value in a great location.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bulldawg
<Content>Great Deal We stayed at the Stratford 11/11 for one night prior to returning home - we had stayed at the Sir Francis Drake on 11/5-6/05.The Straford was not as fancy but our room was larger than at the Sir Francis Drake and equally clean and quite.11/5 people were coming into SFO for the USC-UC football game and hotel rooms were at a premium - one boisterous young fan was quoted on the one room but his foul language keep him from getting a room - the manager was adamant that he would not put up with that kind of behavior.Room was small versus what we are used to but as we learned all rooms in SFO are small. Room was very clean and bright - no a/c but not needed. Room was perpendicular to Powell and very quite.Serve a continetal breakfast on 2nd floor which looked fine - we ate at Lefty O'Doul's again! Liked Lefty's.Absolutely would stay at the Stratford again - paid about $ 120+ for Sir Francis on line and less than $ 60 on line at the StratfordLocation was great - if we return we will stay on Powell and not off Powell - not sure I would want to be more than 2-3 blocks either side of Powell.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stratford Hotel was disappointing This hotel was disappointing. Even though it is a budget hotel, some customer service would be appreciated as we were paying money for the room! The staff were cold on arrival and first impressions of the room was that it was clean but on closer inspection, the room smelt of damp, the radiator did not work and the phone line also did not work. We were moved to another room whereupon the radiator was leaking and the toilet flush was broken. In addition as our rooms overlooked Powell street, we could hear the noise of the cable cars and also the live bands on the street and from the bar across the road. However, not all the staff were rude and the hotel is in an excellent location - near the shops and transport.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flakdog
<Content>Great location with easy access to public transportation Chose this hotel for its location and $75/night average price for our stay. It was a clean, simple hotel in a great downtown San Francisco location 1/2 block from Union Square. Access to the BART, trolley and street cars was easy. Our room was small, quiet, simple, clean. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful. One small elevator for 8 floors, so patience is required there. The complimentary breakfast is barely adequate (toast and packaged muffins), but the breakfast room was nice with big windows on Powell Street. Took advice of another writer and stayed at back side of hotel, away from Powell St. Think a room with windows over Powell St. on upper floors 7 or 8 would be fine. Check out the 1/2 price ticket booth for plays  stage shows in Union Square.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad hotel in a great location I stayed at the Stratford Hotel for 4 nights at the end of October. The staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clean and comfortable with TV, desk and hairdryer. My room was situated on the third floor at the rear and had no problems with noise from the street. Breakfast was continental style with muffins, toast, coffee and fruit juices. The hotel is in a great location. It's a short walk to Union Square and all the major stores like Macy's (just around the corner) and Nordstrom. The cable car turnabout, Visitor Information Centre and Powell Street BART are just a couple of blocks away. Chinatown is about 5 minutes away. Word of warning - DO NOT make any international calls. On my last day I made a call home which didn't last 3 minutes and they charged me $37.00 for the call and for some other calls I didn't make. Eventually had to cough up $33.00 for the 3 minute international call. Daylight robbery! Do yourself a favour and get a phonecard or use a payphone.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>scallywag22
<Content>perfect location If you're looking for luxury, forget it. However, if location, a clean, comfortable bed and plenty toast, muffins and coffee to start the day,and again ideal LOCATION are your priorities this is the hotel for you. We were on the floor above the reception and did not have to use the lift.The cable car passes the door, and stops about 10 steps away.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doormold
<Content>Great Hotel/Price/Location As San Francisco natives, my husband and I just returned from a short visit home where we stayed at the Hotel Stratford. We spent $91.20 (including taxes) for one night and it was fabulous. The rooms are small and furnished in IKEA decor, but it was clean, comfortable and felt very safe. The front desk clerks (both at check in and check out) were courteous and patient with some of the non-American guests we observed. We couldn't have been more pleased, especially after following a fellow TripAdvisor's advice and asking for an inside room away from Powell Street. The trick elevator is slow, but even being on the seventh floor it was not a problem. I highly recommend the Hotel Stratford if you're looking for a downtown San Francisco hotel at a great price.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>designjb
<Content>Great location. Couldn't beat the value We just got back from two nights at the Stratford. The location can't be beat! Right near Union Square. Parking was a couple blocks away at an affordable $20 per 24 hours. That included in and out service which is a good deal at a San Francisco hotel.We stayed on the top floor and had no prblem with noise. If our window was open, we could hear the bells of the cable car, but it was more charming than annoying.The rooms are on the small side, and the sink is right across from the bed. But it's not really much of a problem. They were in the process of repainting the lobby, so it looks like they are taking pride in the hotel to keep it looking nice.I would definately recommend staying at this hotel. The front desk staff was nice. The hotel includes a continental breakfast, though we were not up in time to take advantage of that. You really can't be the location. For the price, it's a great deal. I'll be staying there next time for sure.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DougNg
<Content>Best Value at the Stratford My wife and I just spent 3 wonderful nights at the Stratford. This is the place if you are budget conscious and just want a clean, quiet place to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. It's superbly located in the heart of Union Square district, steps away from shopping, theaters, countless restaurants and bars, and public transportation (buses, BART). We found the staff to be very courteous and helpful. A simple breakfast of toast/muffins, juice, and coffee is offered in a small dining room - it's all we needed.Yes, there is no air-con, but none was needed, even during the warm month of July, since the temperature cools down drastically at night. The only minor irritation was the slo-o-ow elevator that carries only 5 people at one time. But the pluses far outweigh the minuses. It's simply the best value in town for hotel accommodations.One tip: ask for a room on the inside, away from Powell Street.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A/C Free This hotel is small but has a good price with a European flair. Downside is there is no airconditioning. Even though the nights were cool, they were noisy.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Limited Mobility? The Stratford's a great place! I walk on a cane and appreciated the elevator and the walk-in shower at the Stratford Hotel. It's right on Powell Street at Union Square making it a short walk to the Market Street Muni buses, streetcars, subway trolleys , Bart and the cable car turnaround.  I was at first disappointed that my room had no view--it looked out to a light shaft-- but the noise from the bar across the street blasts impossibly loud music with the doors open until 1:30 every morning! I couldn't hear it in my room. My room (#206) was across from the Breakfast Room where they served a simple meal of juice, bread/toast, cream cheese, butter and jelly. The coffee was really tasty. My room was cleaned promptly all six mornings I was there. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Sam set up my return van trip to the airport and a bus tour of San Francisco. There's a computer in the back lobby. I bought a 60 minute password for $15 and was able to keep up with my email easily. They also locked up my luggage on the last day so I could do last minute shopping before leaving town. There were a lot of foreign tourists staying at the Stratford which was a real delight. Make no mistake--the Stratford is not fancy or elegant but for $80 a night during Pride Week it was a clean, friendly, affordable small hotel in a great central location.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ioanad
<Content>Great find for the money This hotel is a great find for people on a budget who still want to be in the heart of it all. You can't beat the location one block from Union Square, and five minutes walk from Chinatown. The room I stayed in (second floor, right next to the tea room) was small (not a problem for one person, might be limiting for two) but very clean (the sheets had a very pleasant Snuggle smell). There was no coffee maker in the room, and no glasses (I didn't ask, they might give you some if you do) but they had enough towels, tissues, shampoo, soap and a hairdryer. There's also a TV (didn't even turn it on) and a cityguide waiting for you.I found the room to be very quiet (someone was playing music very loudly on the street, but I couldn't hear a thing), probably because it didn't face the street but an interior wall.The complimentary breakfast itself is a great plus, they even had croissants!The staff was very pleasant, they even knew where I could get a new memory card for my camera!One more note - there's a strong incense smell in the lobby, not at all unpleasant, but if you are highly sensitive you should be aware of it.I wish I knew they give you a parking discount to one of the garrages around - the hotel doesn't have parking, and regular fees run around $25/day. To sum it up, if you are looking for plush amenities and a great view, it's probably not for you, if you just want a clean, pleasant place to crash at the end of the day that would be close to everything, I recommend the Stratford.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jsandoval562
<Content>Not great but nice for the price I spent one night at the Stratford and for the money I paid it was a great deal. Rex was very patient and accomodating with my large party. He went out of his way to give us an afforable rate. Much less than the quated rate on some of the travel servers. Super location, right across the street from a club for the older set (35 and over).  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carole028
<Content>Great place to stay We have just returned from San Francisco after spending 2 days at the Stratford and I have to say that we loved it! It was a great place to stay and was right in the centre of things with cable cars passing all of the time! The rooms were small but clean and the people on the front desk were very helpful. The continental breakfast was also very nice, in all a good place to stay.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BetterthanBings
<Content>Loved it The Stratford was a nice suprise for $75 a night. I work in the area, so I knew the location was perfect. I knew the hotel was going to be basic, but when you're booking Dec. 30 for New Year's Eve, you're just hoping for clean, basic place to sleep that is not scary. I don't know what floor the smelly carpet people were staying in, but we had a fine room. We got a queen bed with private bath in room 606. I could tell the room and carpets had been newly redecorated. It was a painted a cheery yellow, modern, simple furniture, a botanical print on the wall and ... (you can tell I'm a gal) tasteful, box-pleated dust-ruffles that I'd put in my own home. Anyone who pays that much attention to details in a budget hotel scores points with me. The bonus, for those of you who need to sleep during the day, are room-darkening curtains. Staff was nice and accomodating. The clientele, as is often the case on New Year's Eve, was young, so there was noise in the hallways that night. Other than that, I'd recommend it to my budget-conscious friends. It's right on the Powell-Stockton, Powell-Hyde cable car line, the 38 Geary bus, Union Square, close to Muni Metro, and so much more.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>isabelbrinck
<Content>Modern and pleasant, no-frills for 2 late-20s women on a budget! For starters, the location is excellent, as every guide book will tell you that the place to start from is Union Square. I'm wondering if not all the rooms have been renovated since some people seem to complain about things that were not at all an issue for my friend and me. We stayed on a pretty high floor, towards the street, where the noise died down way before our bedtime so it was great for looking outside and seeing what everyone's wearing. The room looked bright and cheerful. The decor was minimal but modern and new. I would count it as a no-frills, clean (I can't figure out those carpet complaints from other people...), super reasonably priced, smak-dab in the middle of it location. A very pleasant place to stay for two late-20s women on a budget (that was us!)Parking only during check-in and check-out. Internet access. Simple buffet breakfast included.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise   showReview(2503400, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty carpets and smelly sheets. Very disappointing!   showReview(2430971, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>StuCampbell
<Content>Everything you need at good rates   showReview(2299972, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smelly sheets, disappointing hotel   showReview(2225937, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal for my requirements   showReview(1646352, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing, not what I expected   showReview(1560356, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>In2Muzikk
<Content>Brrrrrrr....nice but cold!   showReview(1542406, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Bathrooms!   showReview(1530303, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to everything   showReview(756183, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Geat Value   showReview(516925, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michel63
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅...   showReview(21900507, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>paulalunera
<Content>Estupendo hotel   showReview(21529295, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mafuz
<Content>Centralissimo   showReview(19671890, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Idoia03
<Content>Hotel Stratford 隆perfecto!!!   showReview(19369478, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde das Hotel wieder buchen!   showReview(19646560, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(19646559, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>neomadrid08
<Content>me encanto el trato recibido   showReview(18816610, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pattypatty26
<Content>troppo carino   showReview(18715259, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tomspride
<Content>Sehr zufrieden!   showReview(18215424, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien mais bruyant   showReview(18531577, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder eine Reise wert!   showReview(18531576, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amely81
<Content>Excellent       Notre chambre  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅 pour un prix raisonnable   showReview(17442378, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>albemeri
<Content>Bene per posizione e prezzo (siamo a SF!)   showReview(16279596, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>instit91
<Content>super bien situ茅   showReview(16041470, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde ich wieder buchen   showReview(16594661, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>easy-going and great location   showReview(15562247, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wunderbar und bestens gelegen   showReview(14731080, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>soddisfacente in un ottima posizione   showReview(13191631, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇曘伅涓€鐣?#x201d;   showReview(19168236, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>f眉r den Preis eine gute Lage und ordentlich   showReview(13191630, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AndreasNiedersachsen
<Content>Gute Lage, guter Preis, mageres Fr眉hst眉ck       Zentrale Lage an der Powell Street  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, calme et propre   showReview(13191626, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅alement plac茅   showReview(11303083, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇硦銇俱倠銇伅鍗佸垎...   showReview(21803119, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Stratford   showReview(11303081, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(11303080, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima scelta nel centro di san Francisco   showReview(11661634, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(11443161, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銇儜銈︺偍銉銇嬨倝...   showReview(21802786, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le top pour pas trop cher   showReview(11434594, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel propre et r猫s bien plac茅   showReview(11396651, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(11372979, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仚   showReview(19159043, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gilleke
<Content>Passable et surtout chambre beaucoup trop exigue   showReview(5898275, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	4	2	-1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Stadthotel   showReview(11350248, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(11334143, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel idealement place et bon marche   showReview(11350247, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

