<Author>lwilliams75
<Content>average hotel We stayed here on the first and last night of our Northern California trip, due to it being close to the airport and having a late arrival and early departure times.The first night we checked in at midnight after waiting for 20 minutes for the shuttle (we must have just missed it as it circles between the airport and hotel every 20 minutes). The check in person greeted me and we got to the stage where he asked for my card for incidental charges. The phone then rang and he picked up. I expected him to put that person on hold for a minute while he finished checking me in - after all, it would only take a minute or two. That is what is done in any other hotel. I was there first and he was in the middle of checking me in late at night. He didnt do this. When he had finished with the person on the phone, it rang again straight away, and again he left me waiting while he dealt with the call. Then the phone rang a third time and again he made me wait!!!! This third call took 10 minutes to resolve (it sounded like a complaint about a dirty room) and I was left waiting for the entire time. I was stunned. There was another person working on front desk - when I asked if he could check me in instead he said he couldnt do check ins and I would have to wait. - perhaps he should have been answering calls instead?? I was waiting 15 minutes in total. I have never seen anything like it. We got no apology.He eventually got us checked in. I asked for a water view and when we got to the room, we overlooked the car park with a partial view of teh water - at this stage I couldnt be bothered to argue. The room was nice - comfortable bed and clean. Bathroom fine but slightly basic. The decor seemed fairly new in the room - no wear and tear was visible.In the morning we had breakfast in the dining room and were sat by the window - a lovely room, but unfiortunately I had to ignore the seagulls outside in the car park pecking at some vomit which was on the concrete in front of one of the cars!!!! I moved seats so I was facing away from outside.On the plus side the breakfast (omelette and toast) was lovely.The second time we stayed here at the end of the trip was better. Check in went smootly. We had a room with a similar view. I had some fries at the bar while my husband had a drink, and the service and food were both good.This hotel is fine for an overnight stay if you need to be near the airport. However, I personally would look to stay in a different airport hotel next time due to the problems we encountered. There are plenty other hotels nearby.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>timman19
<Content>Not Bad But I've Stayed in Better This is a nice looking hotel not far from the airport. We stayed here for three nights while attending a family wedding and to get some quality time together.Check-InWe arrived at 9:00 p.m. after taking the shuttle bus from the airport. Unfortunately, only one person was working the front desk and a line quickly formed as there were ten of us on the bus. The sole person working moved fast and before we knew it, we were next.Unfortunately, the room we reserved (four months in advance) was not available. We had asked for a king sized bed with a view of the bay but were told the only thing available with a king sized bed was overlooking the parking lot. I asked for them to make that up in terms of rate but was told this was not possible as we had pre-paid for the room. No effort to make up for their error was made. We were told that our requested room would be available on our last night but we rejected that offer. Who wants to pack up and move to a different room for one night?At least the check-in person was polite. I can鈥檛 say that for some of the other staff but more on them later.RoomVery nice and it must have been recently renovated. The rooms all feature a huge flat screen television. The bathroom was nice and large with plenty of room. There were no scratches or dings of any kind in the bathroom or in the room itself. The bed, as always at Sheraton, was wonderful.We got our non-promised view of the parking lot. There was a coffee maker but our sole attempt at making any revealed that it didn鈥檛 make that great coffee. Even using spring water didn鈥檛 help.Not much in the way of storage or drawer space here. I think that was probably because most people only stay here for a night so not much would be needed.Housekeeping was fine. Plenty of towels left and the room kept spotless.Food and DrinksBig issues here. On our first night, we arrived at 9:00 as I mentioned. The hotel website showed that food was available there until 11:00 p.m. We were counting on this due to the late arrival of our flight. We arrived at the dining room right after check-in and were greeted by a sign telling us it was closed and to proceed to the lounge.We arrived at the lounge, took a seat at the bar and started reading menus. It was then that the bartender informed us that kitchen was closed as of 10:00. I looked at my watch and it showed 9:30. I then told him that I thought they were open until 11.He rudely responded that it was too late to order anything as the kitchen staff leaves at 10 and that he knew nothing about any 11:00 closing. Disturbed, we walked out of the bar without paying for the two draft beers had had poured for us when we sat down!My guess is that was quiet with food orders so they decided to close down early. I could tell from the bartender's face that what I had told him was correct.We then asked a staff member in the lobby where to eat. This guy suggested a restaurant that we had to take a taxi to. We remembered passing other hotels on the bus that were not far away. We took a walk down to the Red Roof Inn (around a 15 minute walk) and found a really good 24 hour diner. We ended up having breakfast there two morning and it was just fine. That place is good for both breakfast and lunch or a non-formal dinner.There is also a chop and steak house on the bay right behind the hotel. In the darkness, we could not see it on our first night but saw it the next morning and ate there on our last night. It was very good and highly recommended. I still wonder why the staff member we approached made no mention of that place but I am sure it was not an accident.The menu revealed pricy items so it was just as well that we avoided it after our experience the first night. The good news is that the hotel will give you a cup of fresh coffee for free. They don鈥檛 advertise this so just ask for one at the hostess station and they will accommodate you. One morning, that had a station all set up.Leisure ActivitiesThere is a pool here but I didn鈥檛 use it nor did I see it. Right behind the hotel, there is a walkway right along the bay. This is great for a daytime walk but it closes after dark. It offers nice views of San Francisco.Airport ShuttlePretty good and runs every 20 minutes or so. The bus is clearly marked. Good thing too as our driver when we arrived spoke English with a very heavy Chinese accent making him very difficult to understand. They will handle your luggage for you and the drivers were pretty polite.Overall Not a bad choice for a night or two. The rooms are very comfortable. The problem with the hotel is that it鈥檚 isolated and there isn鈥檛 much around. I sure wouldn鈥檛 recommend this place if you were staying for a week but a short stay or overnight is fine.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>travelguest88
<Content>Had a great stay Good hotel: Nice, big rooms; good service; well connected with airport shuttles.Furthermore, special rates seem often available.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Renovated       Planes getting ready to land  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jennifer_Ting
<Content>Loved the room but hates the Service We recently stayed at this beautiful hotel, the room is totally renovated and the toiletry they have are provided by Bliss (some good brand you could find in Sephora). The shuttle that transfer guests to and from the airport runs every 20 mins. and doesn't stop at other hotel which is good. However, they missed our morning call that we made request the time we check-in and they charge for internet usage.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	1	1	

<Author>CaliforniaTraveler77
<Content>Stay Somewhere Else As both a family and business traveler, we were very disappointed. In fact, so disappointed that we made a list of issues that we plan on including in a letter to corporate customer service:1) $10 a day to use internet in your room which didn't even work for 6 days of our 7 day stay.2) $18 a night parking. Ridiculous.3) Restaurant service was horrible. The servers had difficulty understanding English and we waited 10 minutes before we finally had to get up and find a server when the place was empty.4) Hotel staff (except for one nice younger lady), as another reviewer stated, were unmotivated and unfriendly.5) $15 a night for a mini-refrigerator. Ridiculous.6) The room was dirty. There was a dead fly on the windowsill and left over food on the carpet.7) Could hear everything the guest next door was doing in his room. Shower curtain, sink, toilet, coughing, sneezing, everything. Walls much too thin.Overall, this hotel was a thorough disappointment and we will stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Desparately_seeking
<Content>Good quality hotel - shame about the front desk staff We needed a cheap one-night stopover just outside San Francisco as we had to drop off a hire car early the next day and transfer to a hotel in the middle of SF for a longer stay.The Sheraton was showing the cheapest rate on expedia of all the big name airport hotels so this was perfect for us - we only paid around $100. The hotel has just been refurbished and is easy to find right off the 101. Plenty of parking, although you do have to pay $18 a night but its the same with all the hotels in this area.The rooms themselves were lovely - huge beds with fresh, comfy linens and pillows. An enormous flat screen TV set in the wall, refurbished bathroom and nice toiletries from Bliss.So the rooms weren't the issue here...unfortunately it was the front desk staff. I checked in and with barely more than a glance I was handed my keys. The lady then went straight back to her computer. I paused, hoping she would then go on to tell me where the lifts were and the usual things they tell you about when you check into a hotel (like check out time, breakfast etc). But no, I was left looking a little uncomfortable wondering where to go.After a minute of me still standing there a bit awkwardly, she looked up and said 'what?' I said, which way do we need to go and she, still tapping on her computer and not looking at me, directed me to the lifts. I'm not very fussy and I've stayed in plenty of hotels but I found this whole episode so rude and unfortunately put me off the hotel. The housekeeping staff, by the way, were lovely and always said hello and were quick and efficient when I rung down for some extra milk. It strikes me that all the big chain hotels are trying to dumb down guest/staff contact - I didn't even need to check out as my bill had been slipped under my door and my credit card charged. I was only directed to the key drop bucket by the front door - so no thanks for staying, how was your stay or anything like that. On a brighter note, room service was quick and delicious - and a much better option than Kincaids and Sizzlers down the road.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	1	2	3	

<Author>nerdtude
<Content>Great Stay Nice Rooms, wonderful beds and linens, Well thought out Ammenities, like to 42 plasma TV and lots of plug in's for your accessories. A wireless hot spot, great view and walking paths.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mn700vforce
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel has a very nice and elegant lobby. The rooms were very modern and comfortable ( 42 flat screen televison and plush comforters) with a great view ! The club lounge was very nice as well! The airport shuttle provided by the hotel was on time and reliable the staff was very accomadating and friendly. Actually the only small complaint we had was the vending machines on the floor as they were not working. There was also a trolly that came by the hotel and took you down town Burlingame which was nice. I would highly reccomend satying at this hotel!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Predator345
<Content>Park in the back We got a good price through Priceline.com. It was in the 80 dollar range but you have to book 3+ weeks in advance to get it. Parking is expensive, 18.00 per night! If you park across the street it is 9.00 per day but no in and out privileges without paying each time. Now if you park in the rear of the building then you can park for free, at least I did during my stay. I was there on a Friday and Saturday night. It may be different during the week. Thanks Jorge (night desk) for that bit of info.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mdeboer
<Content>too expensive for what it gives It's not really bad, but does not give value for money. When arriving at SFO airport, I called the shuttle line and was told that it would take about 10-12 minutes. I have seen all other hotel shuttles twice, before the Sheraton one arrived. The staff is friendly enough. I had diner there too, which was quite good, but the temperature in the restaurant was rediculously hot.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>fivefivefive
<Content>More like 2.5 star hotel This place does not deserve the 4-stars; I've stayed in nicer 3-star places in Palo Alto and Los Angeles. While I liked the bed, comforter and pillows and the large flat-screen lcd tv in the rooms; everything else was just not-so-great. The door to our particular room got stuck, so you had to shove your body on it to close it. You had to pay for parking in their lot. You had to pay for internet in your room (although there was free wireless internet in the lobby of all places). Minus one nicer Asian gentleman, the staff at the desk were all unfriendly or unmotivated or both. There was no fridge in the room and the shower pressure was pretty terrible. I paid around $80/night for this hotel on Priceline, which is relatively cheap so far as hotels near San Francisco go, but I still feel like I overpaid.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>soulsease
<Content>Comfortable airport hotel Close to the airport, and if you get the right room, beautiful views over the bay. Enough double glazing to keep out aircraft noise. Rooms are comfortable with all the stuff you need; i stayed in a preferred room which had a 42 inch plasma TV, which was very nice! On the plus side, comfortable rooms, all the standard business facilities, good size bar/restaurant. Close to the airport, and close to Interstate 101, so handy for most places in the Valley.On the down side, the fitness centre is pretty small, and so is the pool. The aircon system in the room was very noisy; not sure if this is deliberate to drown out the planes!One big negative - if you have a car, it's 18 dollars for overnight parking. Considering the cost of the hotel, that seems a bit steep.Overall, not the best in the area, but not the worst by a long way!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>GEOFFS3
<Content>It's just an airport hotel I have mixed feelings about this place. After staying here many times, sometimes I like it, sometimes I don't.LOCATION-Nothing special! It's at the end of a street with really nothing around. There is one higher-end restaurant next door and a diner maybe 1/2 mile walk. You are pretty much stuck at the hotel. However, it is right on the water and there is a nice bike/jogging path that runs toward the airport.PROPERTY-Yes, this hotel was recently renovated. The lobby (esp. the front desk) is impressive and unique. It's sort of W-ish. The pool isn't so hot...only indoor on the 2nd floor. No outdoor patio area or anything.ROOMS-The rooms are definetly renovated and very, very nice. Very modern with flat-screen tvs, high-end bedding and a very nice desk. My bathroom had a drain that would not stay open. So most of the time I was standing in 2 feet of water. Annoying. Very, very, very nice Bliss toilitries that I really liked.SERVICE-They renovated the property, but not the staff! They aren't rude, just standard issue blah-ness. Their attitude doesn't match the beautifued property. No enthusiasm whatsoever.This place is fine, but I'd probably check out the Westin, Marriott, or Hyatt if you need an airport hotel. If you get a good deal and don't expect much in service, you'll be happy here.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	1	2	3	

<Author>Ugagolfer
<Content>Excellent I booked a last minute one night stay on my day of arrival in order to catch an early morning flight the next day. When I arrived, a king size bed was not available and I was upgraded to the hotel's club floor. The room was recently renovated and extremely clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone needing accomandations near the San Francisco airport.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>davenrich
<Content>Great pillows! The Sheraton Gateway at SFO was a very comfortable place to stay for one night. The beds and especially the pillows were exceedingly comfy. Rooms were spacious, attractive, and very clean. We also had a beautiful view of South Bay out our window. Since we stayed here for only one night before an early flight, we did not get to experience the restaurant. Otherwise, everything was very good...service, staff, and facilities.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Asian_French_Chick
<Content>Just Renovated Brand New equipment. Huge Flat screen with plugs for the laptop.very spacious room with good sound insulation.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>ColoTrav80517
<Content>Perfection! I can't say enough good things about this hotel! From the airport shuttle that seemed to always be waiting at the door to the super comfortable bed, the large HDTV, the elegant and inviting euro-style public areas and the cordial/responsive restaurant staff I could find absolutely no flaws in my recent 4-day stay here.I'll definitely return.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelingBugSeattle
<Content>Great Stay The hotel was very accomodating. They allowed us to check in early. When we arrived, we weren't disapointed. The place is exactly what it looks like from the pictures they show on their website. The beds were a bit soft, but comfortable. And the remodeling seems to have been finished, bec. we didn't hear any noise, as I had read from other travelers. The pool was disapointing-- cold and dirty.. but that's ok. it made up for the jacuzi and their gym. The customer service is also excellent. Staff were warm and friendly. They really try to make your stay as comfortable. Loved the Flat screen TV and the HD on some of the channels were excellent. Bathroom was also spacious and very modern. We really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JMS2000
<Content>Stay away....Poor Service and a worse GM Please look elsewhere for a good night stay. Where do I start..A 45 min wait for a hotel shuttle that never came, a missing package that was never sent, a GM who refused to address or acknowledge any issues or give a Platinum member a call back after numerous call..The hotels resolution was...1,000 starwood points and they paid for my cab to the hotel. Nothing to address the issue or the hour and half wait at the airport and cab ride. Keep them...Learn how to treat your guest. There are many quality options in the area.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	2	1	1	

<Author>u2greek
<Content>if you have an early morning SFO flight, stay here My wife and I stayed at the Sheraton by SFO because we had to catch a very early morning flight, and were very impressed by this hotel. You would have never known it was an airport hotel.We booked the hotel through Hotwire for something like $90.Stayed in the Starwood Preferred Guest floor rooms... The rooms were fantastic, newly renovated and included a big flat screen tv. Big sized with several amenities including a TV channel with all the flight information.The hotel is about a 10 min ride to the terminals... free shuttle available even at 4 am!If you've got an early morning flight in SFO, highly recommend staying here.Only negatives - $5 parking  the dizzying wall behind the front desk.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Leenez79
<Content>Beautiful We stayed here just the night before our flight left SF. It was a beautiful place and my only regret is that we got there late and left early. The room was gorgeous - very modern styling, flat screen tv, wonderful amenities. Our room was quite and clean and comfortable. I'm sure there is cheaper near the airport but maybe not as lovely.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelkenj
<Content>Very Nice Bed, Clean and Close to Expressway We had a really nice stay with a beautiful view of the city/water from our room. The bed was firm, sheets were nice and soft and pillows were soft but firm enough. Bathroom was clean and the complimentary toiletries are good quality. Hairdryer is a regular, 1875-watt and dries hair faster/better than the usual small, wall-mount hotel ones.Starbuck's coffee in room with a very nice desk/sitting area for working and really bright, cheerful with light let in by the large windows.Has a flat screen TV and is centrally located to highways and airport. Complimentary airport shuttle.I had a problem with the room service staff bringing my coffee at the wrong time and then the room service manager did not not want to bring me a fresh pot-- she quibbled with me over the course of 4 different phone calls, all over a $6 pot of coffee.The front desk person during the day was very lackadaisical and did not send up a staff person to clean my room when I asked her to, when I left for the day. I used the room to work and even though I hung a sign on the door, housekeeping staff knocked repeatedly and called the room to see if I was gone yet. So, my room was never cleaned and they said it was my fault because I was in the room during the day. I left around 3-4 in the afternoon, and I assume there was at least *one* housecleaning staff who could have made up the room and emptied the trash.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>tonyraisins
<Content>Superb Sheraton near San Francisco       Bed  View  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GnomeAwayFromHome
<Content>Unexpected WOW I booked this hotel for one night since I had an early flight out of SFO the next morning. When I arrived at the hotel it was 10:00 PM and I couldn't see much of the outside although it is located right on the water. I first noticed that the hotel is finishing its makeover so the lobby is a bit hidden.Upon checking in, I was given a preferred room on the 11th Floor. I will tell you that this room is one of the nicest I have EVER stayed in due to a recent renovation. It had a very large flatscreen TV with HD. The amenities and furniture were very modern and comfortable (including Sheraton's new Bliss line of bathroom amenities). They even had installed a complete technology box with multiple plugs for computers and a number of other gadgets. Although I didn't get to enjoy it, I will absolutely stay here the next time I need an airport hotel in San Fran.The most important thing to know about this hotel is that they run a complimentary shuttle to the airport 24 hours. Before 5 AM, they run every 30 minutes. After 5 AM, they run every 20 minutes.I can't tell you what the standard rooms look like, but the higher floors were incredible.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>itinerantb
<Content>Renovation noise and a staff of liars After arriving close to 1am, the construction noise began before 8am. It was so loud that it sounded as though it was next door. I called the front desk and they said they would check on it and call me back. They never did. So, I called again and I was told that a disclaimer about noise was clearly visible on my hotel confirmation. It was not. I asked why I was not put on a lower floor, away from the noise, or even been given that option, and they said no rooms were available. LIE! The hotel was virtually empty as evidenced by the lobby, and the nearly empty parking lot. The restaurant had 2 people in it at 8:45 am. Instead of offering some sort of compensation, they offered repeated lies and extremely condescending and insincere apologies. They gave me a free continental breakfast. I honestly have had much better breakfasts at the Comfort Inn. Everyone was so unprofessional and disinterested in the guests, especially for a hotel that is supposed to be of a relatively high caliber. I think I'll chose JW Marriott next time.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>lobster7
<Content>Best hotel bed I've ever slept on I decided to go to California to drive down the coast, but my flight from MSP didn't arrive till late in the night. I decided to find a hotel near the airport to get some sleep before hitting the road the next day. Found this place with a good price and location. Took the airport shuttle back to the hotel and checked-in. The lobby was nice, and front staff helpful. My room was nice and clean, with a view of the bay. I had a queen size bed and it was by far the most comfortable bed I've slept on. The sheets were soft, and the duvet plush, unlike most hotels which feel like sandpaper. After a good nights sleep, check-out was quick and the airport shuttle took me back to the airport so I could get my car rental. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PortPower79
<Content>Nice airport hotel, wished the Club Lounge had more to offer       Morning View from the Club Lounge  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SBCCA
<Content>Best Sheraton Rooms in the US I've spent over 70 nights in Starwood Hotels in 2007, and the SFO Gateway Sheraton has the nicest rooms of all of the Sheratons I've visited in the US. (Not up to Sheraton standards in China, however.)The lobby is still a mess from much-needed renovations, but the new rooms are a wonderful respite for an overnight stay between long flights. The rooms are light, clean, with a great view of the Bay and arriving planes. Long, long counter/desk for work, lovely flat TV on the wall, comfortable armchair with ottoman, soft bed, clean, well-stocked bathroom....and they've put it together with the most pleasing materials. What a contrast to the inside of a 747! Staff is helpful and the shuttle to SFO runs every 15 minutes. If you like to stretch your legs, the hotel is adjacent to a wonderful walking path along the bay. I usually dread Sheratons in the US...either poor service or old, tired, cramped rooms. What a lovely surprise to open the door to one of the remodeled rooms at the Sheraton Gateway at SFO!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhb1954
<Content>Decent renovation, but there are kinks I stayed here last week and I was frustrated because the internet connection in my room was inoperative and the online support center was too busy (long wait on the phone) to help me, so I gave up. I can't recommend this hotel for business travelers, although the remodel is decent. One thing that was annoying is that they don't have an in-room refrigerator with drinks in it. I recognize that it's a category 2 Westin and I would opt for another location, and DO NOT bother with the Westin SFO in Milbrae up the street. It's much, much worse! See my review of that place.Thanks...  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>paubri
<Content>Great stay in newly renovated room I've stayed at this property in the past, and while my stays were very good before, I'm really happy with the newly renovated room I stayed in.The property is still undergoing renovations, but the only evidence of that was a relocated front desk, a sealed off lobby, and two of the elevators being out of service. My room was as quiet as it would otherwise be and the inconvenience was minor.The newly renovated room features a large flat screen tv with a multi-port input panel to enable hookup of laptops, external media players, etc. There's a good-sized work space with good lighting and convenient access to power ports. The beds are nice and comfortable and the bathroom was well-stocked.The location is a bit out of the way, but the price is usually less than the other hotels of the same (or lower) quality in the area, so that makes up for it. If you're looking for a good option outside of the City, this property is a good choice. I'll certainly stay again when I'm in the area.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Pantunes
<Content>Great Hotel and Airport Location I used my starpoint miles at this property, and the room was perfectly new and clean, a bit smaller than a Sheraton average for 2 people, but no complaints at all. The hotel on the other hand is located far from every main attraction in San Francisco, so you may only consider this property either if you are plannibg to use your miles or if you need indeed an airport location. You definitelly needa car if you plan to stay at this airport and go anywhere outside thehotel or the airport. A free shuttle is offered, and parking costs around $10.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>el2t
<Content>Pleasant Surprise The hotel was a pleasant surprise. The location was great; located adjacent the bay with spectacular views of the planes flying in as well as the aesthically pleasing promenade walkway around the bay. The restaurant was okay and not overly pricy. The elevators and hallways were average, but the rooms were quite a surprise. Sheraton did a good job with the interior design of the hotel rooms. I loved the 42 plasma. The bathroom was okay. Great hotel for business or even if you need to stay near the airport. I couldn't even hear the planes flying in.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Karen_and_Aaron
<Content>Solid 3* hotel, close to SFO My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Gateway for one night following a late flight into San Francisco from the East coast. We booked the hotel through Priceline for $90/night.Check-in was simple and the staff was pleasant enough. I gave them my SPG number at check-in, knowing that it wouldn鈥檛 get me points for my stay, but would, as others have noted, get me an upgraded SPG room. Sure enough, we were booked on one of the two 鈥淐lub Floors鈥?in a king room. The room was clean and modern but not exceptional in any way. The bed and linens were very comfortable 鈥?obviously Westin鈥檚 trademark 鈥淗eavenly Bed鈥?is starting to rub off on its SPG brother brand. The bathroom was spacious and neat.Another SPG perk included was access to the complimentary continental breakfast in the Club Lounge on the top floor. It was your typical muffins and fruit fare, though the room it was served in was tiny and cramped with quite a few travelers there in the morning. We ended up balancing several small plates as we made our way back to our room.Parking is pay for, at $13/night, which I had a bit of a beef with. The hotel is not in the most densely urban area and with their ample parking, I begrudged paying for parking. I would doubt that hardly any guest comes to this location without a car and it seems a shame to charge everyone for it. There certainly weren鈥檛 any other options, so you just have to suck it up and pay for it.Internet access also required a $12 charge. We were there for a short stay and opted against purchasing it, though I did notice someone in the lobby with a laptop when I checked out, so maybe there鈥檚 free WiFi downstairs.Overall, it鈥檚 not a bad hotel, though I wouldn鈥檛 have called it a 4*. We felt it was a very solid 3* and a good option for anyone flying into or out of SFO.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Travel-for:)
<Content>We were pleasantly surprised We booked through priceline for the last night of our trip to CA only because we wanted to be near the airport for our flight. After staying in a beatiful resort in Sonoma and a fabulous BB in Mendocino, I was afraid we were ending our trip on a sour note with this hotel. I was very wrong. We were given a newly renovated room that was beautiful and had an enormous flat screeen TV. The service staff were very nice. When the planes come into the airport they do not go over the hotel and we couldn't hear them at all - that was something else I was worried about. The hotel is a very short walk to Kincaid's restaurant which is apparently a big draw as we had to wait an hour for a table at 5:30PM. The food there was great. Getting to the airport in the morning was less than a 10 minute drive door to door. We were very happy with our choice for an airport hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sheena_London
<Content>Fantastic After reading all the reviews from other Priceline customers, I must say I was extremely apprehensiveBut they put me in a lovely room. The noise was minimal.And i could hardly hear the planes!The only complaint i had was that you had to pay for internet!!The staff were all very helpful and I really enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>texasblues1
<Content>Poor customer service and average room I thought I had gotten a good deal on a 4 star hotel through hotwire. This was definitely not a 4 star hotel. I had called 4 days before arriving to ask if we could have a roll-away bed in our room and to confirm the dates/arrangements made with hotwire. I was told that we could request the roll-away upon check-in. After a much delayed flight I arrived with my husband and kids and was hoping for a smooth check-in process. I was aware of the construction going on to renovate the hotel, so I was expecting that. But, I was not expecting horrible customer service. I was informed upon check-in that we could NOT have a roll away since there was 2 beds in the room. Even though I had been told that was OK 4 days ago. To make matters worse, the hotel manager was very rude. She informed me that IF (emphasis added) I had called the hotel, I would have been told that I could not have a roll-away in a room with 2 beds. I told her that I had called on Monday around 11:30am CST, but did not note the person's name. She kept repeating her statement of IF I had called...which really irritated me since I knew that I had called the hotel directly. The next day, I confirmed with my cell phone carrier that I had placed a call for 6 minutes to the hotel phone number on the date/time I had told the manager. After being confronted with this information they offered to give us ONE free breakfast for the whole family. That breakfast ended up costing them almost $80!! I would not have paid their prices for breakfast at all. Overall, I think there are much better options for family vacationers at the same price. One of my friends booked a room around the same time at the Quality Suites in Millbrae and was very happy. She got free parking and free breakfast included. Much better deal and really same class of hotel!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	1	2	3	

<Author>heysetty
<Content>From Pleasant Surprise to Awful I had a one-night stopover in SF before my trip to Napa. Since this hotel was close to the airport (where I was headed the next afternoon), and ranked #11 on here, I obliged. The lobby was what I expeceted - old, trying to act new. But when I got in my room I was happy. Nice new flatscreen TV, new carpet, furniture, bathroom etc. Fast internet (I would hope for SF). Great view of the Bay and Pacific, watching the jets fly in. BUT, at 8am, I awoke to POUNDING hammers. It is 11am now, and they are still pounding. I am on the 8th floor, but they are working on the 5th, presumably updating it to match my room. Someone at the desk should have mentioned this as I checked in to manage my expectations. Very disappointing end to a wonderful start. If you need a quick place near the airport, I'd recommend, but double check that they aren't doing construction during your stay.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>travelgirl96
<Content>Ok for one night Easy ride from airport to property - although getting back to the airport via free shuttle was not as easy; the random schedule makes no rhyme or reason. Room was adequate and clean - nothing special. Bar service was good. Arrived late, so food/room service was non-existant - it ends at 1130 or so?  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>momma3boys
<Content>Not recommended for families with young children I have just returned from a trip to San Francisco and had booked a room at the Sheraton in Burlingame on Priceline. For your reference I paid $90 plus tax  fees which comes to about $120 then the hotel will also add on a $13 parking fee as well. In our room was a king size bed and a view of the bay which wasn't really impressive. The furniture seemed a bit worn and could have been replaced. The bed was great though ! There was no microwave or refrigerator in the room but they said a refrigerator is available for $15. They didn't have any available anyways. The pool and work out area was small. It just did not seem like a 4 star hotel that priceline had given them. I would have given them a 3 star. It will also be about a 20-30 minute drive to san francisco. I can say that I will not be returning to this hotel. I can stay other other hotels with more amenities for the same price. I would recommend it for business travelers or adults only. A one night stay would be fine but not for families.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Suzannne
<Content>Room was great, but extra fees for parking and Wi-Fi! We booked one night through Hotwire as we were coming back through San Francisco after a relatively exhausting roardtrip. The lobby of the hotel is quite nice and so was the room. Our room was located on the 14th Floor and was unrenovated, but still nice enough for what we paid through Hotwire. The bed was extremely comfortable, the decor seemed updated, and the bathrooms are large. We ordered room service for light dining and a few glasses of wine, which were horrid for $8/glass. I would not recommend the room service at all for what we paid.Please be aware that there are extra fees for parking, $13 per day, and if you want to access the internet (wired or via Wi-Fi) in your room you'll have to pay $10.78 for 24-hrs of access. (They feature free Wi-Fi in the lobby and their business center). These extra charges were very disappointing, as we had stayed at the Holiday Inn down the street earlier this month and there we had free parking and free Internet in the room.I would stay here again, but only via Hotwire prices, not the full rates!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	3	5	5	4	2	

<Author>TLWhite
<Content>An OK hotel for a quick trip and access to SFO My husband and I took a trip up to the wine country and stayed in San Francisco for one night before driving up North. We chose this property due to the location near the airport and to use our Starwood benefits. The service was good and the views were great, but the hotel is in need of major renovations. Our room was spacious and clean, but the bedding and carpet were very old and if our bed was a 'dream bed' it must've been one of the first ones introduced into the Starwood property line! I would recommend this property for families or business travelers coming in for a short stay and wanting quick access to SFO or downtown Burlingame. Great walking trail along bay and fun to watch planes taking off and landing at SFO. Overnight parking was inexpensive and our car was easy to access in the self parking lot.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>SanDiego
<Content>Sweet Sleeper Beds are Heaven! I stayed here for one night as a stopover between Gilroy and Sonoma with my Mom - we wanted a hotel in San Francisco that wasn't in the city, and this is what I ended up getting for $100 / night off Hotwire when I asked for a 4-star. We were on the Preferred Guest floor, and had a great view of the Bay and park, and airport. It was cool to see the flights coming in outside our window. Sheraton is known for their Sweet Sleeper beds, and those beds are SO comfy, I really didn't want to get out of it in the morning! We only had one robe in our room, but called for a 2nd one and it was quickly sent up to us. Very great service by everyone that we encountered.The pool was VERY different than what is shown on their website. Small, shallow, and a little dirty even. The hot tub was about the same temperature as the pool... not hot at all. For what I paid, I was happy with what I got. I would not have paid full price for the hotel, though. The hotel itself isn't very impressive (they are renovating the front entrance) and they do charge $13.00/day for parking. The restaurant in the hotel is nothing impressive either, but there are a lot of restaurants close by you can drive to, and even one within walking distance through a little park. But the room itself was very nice.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kissedbythesuntanner
<Content>Ok for the $$$....avoid discount retailers...book direct with hotel I think its best to book directly with the hotel, other wise you get stuck in their older rooms...(they're renovating all the rooms right now. I got a chance to peek in one and they are 100% nicer than their old ones) It kind of sucks to see the newer room and have to stay in the older one...I try to up-grade, but they said they where sold out for the night? Anyways, I booked our room through priceline and we got a great rate $85), but you get what you pay for. Our room was ok, standard. It was clean, the beds are always nice at a Sheraton. Nice pillows good liens. The a/c was kind of loud but it did the job. The bathroom was standard as well...it was clean. Coffee maker in room. The only thing that kind of bugged me was the fact that they charge you to use the internet? I just stayed at a Holiday Inn in Mo and they had free internet. Oh..well. Over all it was a very basic room, a little dated, in need of some improvement. We where there for 2 days and it meet our needs. Oh, the other thing I didn't like about this hotel and the surrounding ones is that their isn't any where to eat outside of the onsite restaurant, and since we where their with our son (14), who only likes fast food!!! It made it very difficult to accommdate him. I'm telling you, NO FAST FOOD or Denny's style eatery. I would stay here again on a business trip but would not recommend for a family.Other notes:Pool- very dated and smallHot-tub - very...very dated and smallStaff - friendly  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>CaliforniaTraveler33
<Content>Nice Hotel for Business Guests My husband and I checked into the Sheraton on a recent evening before a full day of meetings. We saw some signs in the lobby about a renovation and learned that our room was on a floor that had just been redone. We were impressed! Our room was decorated in warm colors like taupe and gold, and pretty light-grained wood was used for the furniture. We had a wonderful view of the San Francisco Bay - a perfect place to watch the fog roll in! The room had a huge desk and a good-quality desk chair. It was a comfortable setting to spread out with your paperwork and open up your laptop. A wide-screen TV was mounted over part of the desk, and it swiveled around so you could see it from the desk or the bed. We had an early dinner in the hotel鈥檚 restaurant that looks out over the water. The waiter was polite and well informed about the menu, which featured local dishes like crab cakes, fresh fish and artichoke dip. There was a nice selection of specialty cocktails, too. (Be sure to try a mojito!)In the morning, we enjoyed the packets of Starbucks coffee that were in our room. My husband liked the robe that was provided 鈥?long enough even for a tall man! This is a great hotel for business 鈥?comfortable, quiet and close to a lot of major companies and the airport.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>PickE
<Content>Dirty, tired looking hotel. Booked this hotel for a one night stay while going through SFO. Standard sheraton lobby, nothing great, nothing bad. Check in was slow, way to slow for 8pm, they had a line of 15 people who just got off the flights. And forget about their shuttle, takes 1/2 and hour each way. Nothing around the hotel location either and their restaurants are not good. The rooms were stale, moist and sticky. The bathrooms are in SERIOUS need of refinishing, i can't tell what was worse, the paint peeling off from the moisture or the sticky floors 5 hours after we showered. The only plus was the sweet sleeper bed. Looks like a standard holiday inn with 1 star settings. Overpriced at 197 a night. There is a Red Roof Inn down the road, go there, at least you get value for money, and they dont charge you 15 bucks for parking.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>beryl_greene
<Content>near the airport Standard room - doesn't merit more than two or three stars. Clean but needs new paint, carpet - and there were stains in the bathroom. However, the people are nice there ans it is close to the airport and inexpensive. Stay there if you are going to the airport early the next day. There are better choices if you want to visit SF or Burlingame.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Runmama
<Content>Needs a major renovation It could be a great hotel, worthy of 4 stars if it completes a renovation. Bathrooms were clean but outdated. Corian countertops had some cigarette burns. Carpets were old and stained. Blankets were well used, but the sheets and comforter were great. The air conditioner was equivalent to a Motel 6. It roared off and on all night long, loud enough to wake one up. The black out curtains were old and when the sunlight shone through, you could see many cracks from age in the material. The exercise facility was small and just okay, although it was open 24hrs, which was nice. The pool was indcoors and very small and the hot tub was not hot at all and very old.  When I checked in, the young woman, Dackmar, was very nice and pleasant. She assigned a room to us and as she was handing me the key, her boss or manager butted in and said she can't have that room, NO WAY, and then instructed her to start again and give me another room. He gave no explanation and was not apologetic. I wonder if he was miffed because of the good rate I got on Priceline.com. It was very unprofessional and could have been handled in a better way.  The location was fine. Close to the airport, close to a walking path along the bay, and close enough to decent restaurants and shopping. I would be disappointed if I stayed in this area again and used Priceline and received this hotel for a four star rating. Unless it does some major renovations, it does not deserve a rating this high.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>GetawayToday
<Content>Incredible customer service, nice room and good breakfast Very nice, great customer service, easy freeway acces.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RARoyal12
<Content>An Atrocity We actually returned to Atlanta from our stay at the Sheraton SFO Airport today (5/23/07). I have to say that I was extremely disappointed. While the check-in process was excellent and staff was courteous, that did very little to make up for the state of the rooms in the hotel. Priceline lists this hotel as a four star, but it is a far cry from it. The carpet was filthy, the furniture worn, faded, and stained. I was so uncomfortable in the room that I could not sleep. After checking in we requested a different room, however we were moved to a room that was just as bad. Outside noise is bad as well. I was awakened at 3-4am each morning to the sound of a garbage truck banging a large dumpster downstairs even though we were on the seventh floor.The hotel has three different levels: guest rooms (floors 2-7), preferred rooms (floors 8-14), and club level (floor 15). I would hope that the preferred floors and club level are in better condition. You may want to ask for one of these rooms if you find a compelling reason to spend your money at this hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>36000ft
<Content>Here is the REAL deal Let me break it down for everyone. This hotel is old, plain and simple, they are just now beginning renovations and it needs it bad! The front driveway is ripped up and that is as far as they have gotten so far. The rooms haven't been touched yet, though they have artist rendering in the lobby and it shows flat screen tv's, etc. The current condition is a very used look. The carpet has walking tracks in it, the furniture shows wear marks, and the bathroom, well it needs help!The airport shuttle is not as fast as they want you to think because they also serve the park and fly lot next to the hotel ans that adds 5 minutes each direction - funny how they dont tell you they use it for their other business too.Around the hotel is nothing and I mean nothing! No restaurants, no shopping, not even a gas station. Although, it is on the walking path. You will need a car and it you plan on more than one visit to San Fran this is not the place for you. To get to the BART you have to take their airport shuttle and then the airtrain, then walk and finally on to the BART for a 40 minute ride and costs approx $10.40 round-trip depending on your stop. FYI, BART service stops around 12am so no late night in the city if you want to get backThe fitness center is just as old and worn. The restaurant I didnt patronize because no one else did since it was empty everytime I passed. The bar behind the lobby has a great happy hour, they call it the '3M's' for Margharitas, Mojhitos, and Munchies. They are all two for ones which is a good deal and they many different ones to choose including my new favourite pommegranite mojhitos!So, in short this hotel is a remote old worn-out place and needs help bad. Maybe, just maybe it wont look like my college dorm. Choose this place with caution you've been warned.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Briocka
<Content>Enjoyed the Gateway a lot more than expected! After reading some of these reviews I was a bit trepidatious about staying here but in the end I thought it was lovely. The hotel is right by a walkway round the Bay (nice for a stroll) and is served by a free trolleybus that takes you to and from downtown Burlingame where there are lots of nice restaurants and shops. Ask at the lobby for a timetable.My room was lovely (clean, bright, REALLY comfortable bed) and as a Priceline customer I don't imagine they gave me their top of the range. There were renovation works going on but I didn't have any problem at all with noise (this was on the 8th floor).Room service was delicious and cheap.Free airport transfer was very handy also.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EuroWalkers
<Content>Nice hotel, not too pricey Stayed in a Club Level room that I reserved online: only $4 more per night than the regular room option. That entitled me to use the Club lounge and partake of the happy hour, which more than made up the $4 expenditure ;-)This is very convenient to the airport, and while a little dated, the rooms are quite nice with nice views of the bay. You can watch the planes land, but not once did I hear one (nice thick windows).The beds are the best and most comfortable beds of any major hotel chain. I sleep better on the Sheraton beds than I do in my own at home!I would stay here again. Also, there are pizzerias and other food delivery services that will deliver to this hotel. The hotel restaurant is quite pricey, and you don't get a good value for your money.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BKKandKSK
<Content>Mixed experience I have recently returned from a two night stay for business meetings at the Sheraton Gateway. I had a very mixed experience...Check in was fine. The front desk was pleasant and helpful, even offering to provide shaving supplies and a razor as I had neglected to bring this with me. (They offered when I asked about the location of the nearest store!)The room was disappointing. Even after reading the reviews, I was surprised to find that everying was a bit worn down. That said, it was at least clean. The biggest problem was the noise. While I don't expect that an airport hotel will be silent, I do expect that there will be at least some attempt at sound proofing the room! Not only was each passing airplane unreasonably loud, but the constant drone of the adjacent freeway traffic was miserable. I eventually turned on the heater just to try to block out the noise. The heating unit was not quiet, but it did provide some white noise which was less objectionable. The coffee in the room was blah, which is one step up from undrinkable.The meeting space was adequate as was the food for the meeting. Nothing great, but certainly acceptable. The coffe here was much better--Starbucks brand.The staff was the bright spot for me. I was particularly impressed bythe charming cleaning woman who tended to my room each morning. On my first day, I came up to the room on a break from the meetings and she politely, but very firmly, challenged me before letting me into my room (the door was open and she was inside cleaning). Once I was able to prove to her that I was actually the guest in the room, she allowed me to pass. This willingness to protect my belongings was very impressive.As far as locations go, if you don't have a car, just suck it up and either accept that you will be eating all of your meals in the hotel or get a cab. Public transportation from this location is tough and there is absolutely nothing (except other hotels which are not particularly close) in walking distance.Finally, the work-out room is dismal. It is completely devoid of natural light and somewhat frightening.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>EaganTraveler
<Content>Improvements on the Way Spent a weekend at the Sheraton Gateway in February 2007. Check-in was o.k. and we were given the type of room requested. As mentioned in previous reviews, the Sheraton will begin to remodel the hotel this year. The rooms need a good make-over as the carpet is worn, shower/tubs need new tile and the furniture is dated. Our room was clean and comfortable with a view of the bay. Heating/cooling is rather noisy but is electronically controlled. Towels are of average quality but nice amenities in the bathroom. Coffee maker with Starbucks packets in each room. Great mattresses.If you do not have a car, you are limited to a few restaurants within walking distance. A better location is near the Hyatt, Crowne Plaza and Marriott if you want a wider choice of restaurants. Great view of the bay from the Sheraton dining room.Overall an o.k. hotel if you can get a good price. Remodeling should move this hotel back into the 4 star rating.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Michael_SD
<Content>Typical Airport Hotel The Sheraton Gateway at SFO is not a 4-star hotel. It is a typical, high-traffic airport hotel that is acceptable for a one or two night stay. I have stayed here twice, once in August 2006 and once in February 2007. The front desk staff are obviously just there for a paycheck and do not go out of their way to be welcoming. The lobby is a throwback to the 1970's and the hallways are dated. The rooms are an interesting hybrid - they have the comfy Sheraton Sleeper beds, but the remaining furnishings are old and icky. The carpeting, esepecially, is green, sticky and matted. Don't take off your socks. The bathrooms, however, are actually nice.I did not use any of the ammenities provided - restaurant/bars, in room dining.The property is fairly quiet, except for some construction noise just now beginning. The airport noise is minimal.Parking is $13/night and easy. Apparently, renovations will begin soon. Once those are complete, this hotel will be more in-line with the rest of the Sheraton brand. I would say that currently it is not deserving of more than 3.5 stars.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BluemoonSanFrancisco
<Content>No way this is a 4 star Stayed here for a couple of days in January. Huge property but was pretty cheezy for a 4 star. Beds are soft but quite comfortable. Liked the accessability if the bar as we got in late and were able to snag a glass of wine. The food here is unremarkable. Don't come here expecting luxury. Expect a good basic hotel that will give you a comfortable and quiet night sleep. By the way, parking here is outrageous as they try to keep airport parkers from parking here for free.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>got-rice
<Content>all right since i didn't pay i stayed here for a two day seminar...stayed at the HI SFO the night before, and that place is something else. I remember that the beds were all right, but you could hear the airplanes land at SFO, but thankfully they didn't land that late. The food was OK, since our company only paid for the meals at the hotel. I guess it's better place to stay, but I don't know if would've been worth the $ if I had to pay. I also remember that parking wasn't free though (company thankfully paid). I remember getting off the freeway here was kinda weird though (I'm from LA).  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>cruzpete
<Content>What a dated hotel -- stepping back into the 70's? From the moment I got there, I felt like I was either in an old folks home or back in the 70's. The place looks old and in need of serious updating!I booked this place cuz I wanted a nice set-off point for my vacation in Hawaii. I had an early flight from SF airport and wanted nice and close to the aiport.It was close to the airport.I booked a room on the club floor -- cuz it claimed to be a nicer room with access to the club floor lounge. The lounge sounds nice until you see it, and it's really just a big hotel room with tacky furniture. It's one saving grace was a computer hooked to the internet. I was hoping for something classier.I'd hate to find out what it's like on the non-club floors.I went down to the bar, and it too was as classy as the rest of the joint. Tacky furnishings in a tacky bar.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>havanahipster
<Content>Dumpy Yikes, talk about a dump. This hotel is in major need of a renovation that I don't even know where to start. The lobby is pretty nice, which is deceiving because the rooms aren't nearly as nice. Skip this hotel and stay at the Westin instead--it's much better.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>small-bucks
<Content>Good Value For a little over $100 per night this is a good value at the San Francisco International Airport location. We live in the San Francisco Bay area but instead of fighting very heavy AM traffic we decided to check in at this hotel the day before our earily morning flight out to Hawaii. The hotel staff ranged from neutral to friendly and the hotel exterior was modern and well kept. The interior public spaces and room were clean but somewhat out-of-date and worn. A minor glitch was when we entered our room it was already occupied by another guest, but a quick trip back to the front desk got us another room with a nice view. The fee for guest parking is outrageous but not uncommon for hotels in this area. The complementrary hotel-to-airport shuttle service is excellent and the driver is friendly and well informed.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>airbornekat
<Content>Great Deal, Best Bed!! I can't imagine what all the fuss is about the rooms being dated and so on.  I arrived at SFO, at 10am on a Thursday, didn't know a soul in San Francisco but got an excellent deal on a flight so I decided to wing a trip for myself, from Michigan. At the last minute I got this hotel on priceline.com for $75.00. I checked in at 1030 am without any kind of wait, had the biggest bed I've ever seen and a beautiful view of the Bay. Then they let me have a late checkout the following day, at 2pm. Great transportation, unbelievable comfort and one of the cheapest hotels I've stayed at in the past decade. The front desk people were very kind and helpful. personally, I was worried about all of the hotels I booked for this trip. Had I known I was staying in such luxury here, I would have had this hotel for the entire week and commuted by BART to downtown whenever i wanted. BTW, if you think parking is bad here, wait till you get downtown, at the Westin in Union square, they wanted $48 per night. Right accross the street is public parking garage for $28 per night.When my plane for the trip home broke down, Frontier gave me a choice of staying in SFO at one of their hotels or going on to Denver and staying there. I requested this hotel for another overnight but it was not available, huge disappointment. I will definitely stay here again, can't wait!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clod13
<Content>Not too bad The hotel needs some updating, especially carpets and furniture are old and stained. Beds are very comfortable and the room was in reasonable condition. Overall not too bad for the price I paid.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>atruebrit
<Content>Not Bad if your not paying full rate Bid on Priceline fro 4* airport hotel and was a little disappointed to be allocated this hotel as I usually get the Hyatt. After reading the reveiws on Tripadvisor I was concerned at what I had done. I am pleased to say that it wasn't as bad some reports suggest. Yes it is over rated at 4*, 3 would be fairer and the rooms do need updating especially carpets and drapes. Beds were the new type and very comfortable and the room decor was in reasonable condition. The Website does not reflect pictures of the rooms, these are of rooms that might be one day, but as they have not started yet who know when. A little noise from the freeway and airport, which can be expected. The room service food was not very good. Overall not too bad for the price I paid but if paying normal rates there is a lot better around SFO.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>JenSmith
<Content>Shabbiest motel in America Don't be misled by the room pictures on the hotel website! I was and it was bitterly disappointing to have to check into this shabby motel after a long and tiring transcontinental journey. The pictures on the hotel website show flat screen televisions and fresh, new Sheraton furnishings. The actual rooms are nothing like that! They are dark green and ugly with unsually low ceilings. Everything from the carpet to the furniture to the bathroom towels is faded, worn and / or stained. Yuck! I couldn't even bring myself to use their towels. Also strange, was the lilliputian scale of the furniture -- to save costs or to match the scale presented by the low ceilings?When I asked the front desk staff to explain the discrepancy between webiste pictures and reality, they said the pictures show how the hotel rooms will look after a planned renovation. When I asked when the renovations would be complete, the front staff sheepishly admitted that even the date to begin renovations had not yet been decided.The hotel has just two slow elevators and they are simply not enough to handle the number of rooms at this reltively large hotel. Your patience will be severely tested at peak hours.Finally, to add ultimate insult to injury, this hotel charges a whopping $13 for overnight parking, which is free at all the other nearby hotels. This despite the fact that this hotel is the most remote of all of them.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	5	-1	1	

<Author>Gemma'smum
<Content>This is the best of the Sheraton's at SFO - but kind of remote. We booked this hotel through Hotwire for 68$ a night! It was a steal and easily qualifies for its 4 star rating. Through Starwood Preferred Guest it was $179. I have stayed at many SFO hotels and this one is NOT Shabby. The 4 points by Sheraton is a little shabby and next to 101, so I think the reviewers are confusing the two hotels. The hotel also has double/double rooms, NO Queens, as another reviewer mentioned. The beds are classic Sheraton and made for sleeping. The hotel is in Burlingame, which is pretty far south of SFO. It is not for anyone hoping to hop into San Francisco for the day. However as airport hotel, it is quiet, clean and has those fantastic Sheraton beds!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ohiotraveller1
<Content>Good airport hotel We booked this hotel from Hotwire for a night stay before we left the city. It is a nice place to stay by the airport. The hotel is a little old but still has all the amenities you would need for a short stay. There is a shuttle that goes to the airport every 20 minutes. It is also close to downtown Burlingame, where there are lots of restaurants and shops. We would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a place to stay by the airport.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ledj2
<Content>Suited us to a T Stayed here 3 nights before we headed back to Australia.Had no problems here. Room was spacious, had two queen beds with quality matresses and duvets. We used the indoor heated pool and spa each day, spa was tiny but did the job. Secure underground parking was convenient. You need a car here as food and shopping is not within walking distance.No aircraft or vehicle noise heard in three days from room.Customer service was above average.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jonathan2
<Content>An Excellent Hotel To Relax to After a Long Flight After a stressful flight from the UK. It was good to arrive at the Sheraton first impressions were great! Due to our connecting flight in Philidelphia our luggage did not connect so we were left with only the clothes we were standing in the. The kind reception staff went out of their ways to provide us with essentials free of charge. The room was excellent with good views of the runway (though not to noisy). As we stayed on club level we were entitled to complimentry contienental breakfast. There waqs a lot to choose from.Due to us haveing to revisit the airport the following day to reclaim our luggae we used the hotel courtsey shuttle bus. It was punctual and fast. The driver was very friendly and helpful.Overall a great stay would defiently consider the Sheraton if your flight arrives late at night or leaves early in the morning.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RKNewYork
<Content>A run down hotel The hotel is somewhat old and in need of updates. In the room I had you could easily hear the traffic from highway 101. Also the food from room service was sub par. This is an ok place to stay for a night or two if you can't find any place else to stay otherwise I'd advise staying away from this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pganju
<Content>good stay We had a nice stay at the Sheraton. We were initially worried after reading all the negative reviews. The staff was wonderful, they really went out of their way to make my 2 year old feel welcome. The room was a little outdated, but very clean. I had to pull the nightstand out to find a pacifier, and there was no dirt behind it. For san francisco, it is a great value.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Porpoise
<Content>Fine for what its intended purpose Like others who got rooms here on Priceline or Hotwire, I'd say it's ok. A great place to hang your hat the night before your flight out. Check-in staff were fine; not overly welcoming but not rude. Furnishings were a little dark, drab, and dated, but It's clean and the beds are comfortable. The room I got seems typical for other Priceline guests, over the air conditioning ducts, but with a view to the bay. The shuttle to the airport was very convenient.Hey, for the pittance I paid, it was a fantastic deal. But don't expect the same experience you'd get at other 4* hotels. And it's defintely not a base for exploring San Francisco--much too far away, even with the shuttle to the BART station.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>moodyblue
<Content>No Problems during my stay Having read the reviews for the Sheraton Gateway, it was obvious there were some dissatisfied customers. My stay was for less than 24 hours, but I had no issues at all during my stay. I had a Club Level room which was nicely decorated with no negative housekeeping problems. I know there were people staying in the rooms next to mine, but noise was never a problem. The evening spread in the Lounge was pretty standard and I left too early in the morning to take advantage of the breakfast. The staff members I encountered were quite friendly. So while I don't doubt that people have had bad experiences here, I was quite pleased with mine.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs some work If you're looking for a bed, this is your place, but if you're looking for San Francisco ambience look somewhere else. Pros: Close to the airport, easy to get on/off 101, inexpensive rooms. Cons: Poor service (sent to dirty room at check-in), mediocre restaurant, $13/night parking, unfriendly if not booked at spg[-]. I'm a gold-level SPG member, but since I booked through Travelocity I got a lousy room w/o any gold-level amenities (unless I was willing to spend an extra $30/night). Funny how Delta can work with Travelocity to accommodate my medallion status, but SPG can't.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tsdiller
<Content>Horrible hotel not 4 star This was the worst hotel we have ever satyed in. I paid 85.00 on priceline and it was supposed to be a 4 star hotel. When we arrived we waited 25 minutes fo a bell man to help with our luggage. After checking in we went to the lounge and my duaghter was served a drink with bleach in the glass or some kind of cleaner. My wife looked in every bathroom in the hotel for a femine napkin machine and everyone were empty and or hanging open. I asked for a roll away to be sent up and it took 4 hrs and 2 phone calls to get it there. I then called and set a wake up call that was 15 minutes late and called for a bell man to help us with our luggage 30 minutes before there shuttle was supposed to leave and he showed up 5 minutes prior to the shuttle leaving so we had to rush to make the shuttle. We left and wont return.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KevinSdammit
<Content>very dependable business hotel' great for price!!! I've stayed at this hotel off and on for over 3yrs now, when going into SFO for business.Sheratons as a whole are always a mixed bag; it is the one Starwood brand that doesn't really have a good definition. Sometimes they are very fancy and lush, sometimes they are very budget feeling.This is a very nice hotel, that if located in SanFrancisco proper, would cost well over $250/nt.This property is right outside the airport, within walking distance of one of the best restaurants in the area (Kincaid's), as well as short drive to at least 5 or 6 others, ranging from El Torito to Max's Opera Cafe. It is at least 20min from the city itself though.Place is clean, nice rooms, great bar, and you are on the Bay with walking paths everywhere. It's hidden out of the way a bit, but is a great value for the money.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>occupier
<Content>It's alright... I recently stayed a night at the Sheraton Gateway. I agree that $13 for parking is too much - but it probably does keep the locals for parking there for airport parking. Check in was great...check out was great - the gal at the front desk was very helpful for getting me back on to the 101. The main reason I am giving this an above average review is the club floor! The snacks included fruit/veggies/cheese/bread/meatballs and the wine was free. Not all Sheraton club rooms offer free wine - most charge $5 a glass. The fitness center was small...three treadmills, an eliptical, two bikes, and stairmaster. All machines were fine. They had one of those all-in-one weight units that I don't like so much, but given the space, it is about all they could do. My room was small, had seen better days, but the bed was comfy. This hotel is great for one or two nights stay - if your preferred hotel either toward the city or toward SJ area are full.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rosario7
<Content>Customer service horrendous I just recently stayed at this sheraton hotel Feb. 17-19 and had an unpleasant experience. From the beginning it became clear that the bad reviews were not unmerited. The customer service rep. at the front desk was extremely rude and unprofessional, I had to wait 15 minutes to check in because the person in front of me was arguing with the clerk and she was definetely arguing back, this quickly made everyone in line uncomfortable. Once it got to my turn she was in a terrible mood and continued to answer the phone throughtout my check-in, she never looked up at me or made any effort to look interested in making us feel welcome. She kept complaining about how busy it was, saying on a continuous basis i'm going to go crazy. I was disappointed with the room, the carpet was heavily soiled and worn, the paint in the bathroom was peeling off and the blanket cover was soiled as well. The only pleasant thing was the bed, it was very comfortable. I'm glad I only spent time in the hotel to sleep. I will never return to this hotel. It's definetely not a 4-star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>service promise..thats funny i stayed at this joint on dec. 7, 2005 and was thoroughly disappointed. i dont ask for much but i couldnt even get anyone to answer the phone at the so called service express number. the room was basically grimy and the carpet was so worn and disgusting that i didnt even want my socks to touch it let alone my feet. when i did ask for help with a few little thing, i found the staff to be apathetic and unfriendly.thats all i have. next time i will stay at the cockarootchee motor inn. it has to be just as nice  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, average location, clean rooms, great views We stayed here for Thanksgiving weekend and enjoyed the stay, the hotel is located 20 minutes from downtown SF so it is not a convenient location unless you have a car. Buringame is great location to stay to avoid paying toll versus driving from east bay. For those who know SF, staying downtown is expensive so this hotel was a good value. I used my starwood points and paid 5,000 points for 2 nights and had a room great bay view. We called room service and the dessert was quite decent. You can hear the airplanes takeoff, but if you turn the fan and AC on, the noise was barable. The room we stayed at was clean and smelled right. The lady at the front desk was not that nice, but I think maybe because she had to work on thanksgiving night. The other annoying thing is that you have to pay $13/ night for parking.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ElNorEast
<Content>Could be worse... be sure to have directions handy! After having lots of trouble finding the Sheraton Gateway (there sure are a lot of Airport Blvd exits off the 101 coming in from San Francisco), we were checked in fairly efficiently by a throughly pleasant chap and were given two very decent rooms.There is no doubt this hotel has seen better days, but it is not a flea-bag by any stretch of the imagination. The bed was comfy, the linens seemed quite new, and there was no nasty old-style bedspread to deal with but instead there was a duvet with crisp, clean duvet cover (thank goodness hotels have figured out that these are much more sanitary and appealing). The bathroom amenities were lacking somewhat but I was only there to have a sleep and fly out the next morning, so no big whoop.There is room service until midnight, and parking was $13.00 (which I thought was a big rip-off, but I guess that's to stop local people leaving their cars at the hotel and taking the shuttle to the airport). At check out my mother told the desk clerk that there was a problem with the plug in her bathroom and the switch on the lamp didn't work, and the clerk just said ok, did not make a note or call engineering, which I thought was not particularly pro-active.For the $59 bucks per room I got this place for on Priceline, I was quite happy.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Buddy-Bear
<Content>Great views, average hotel Be prepared for a hotel that didn't have a renovation for ages - like several other Starwood properties in the Bay Area. On the other hand everything is clean and service is friendly and accommodating. The most spectacular thing is the view. We had a room on the top floor and were looking at the scenery all the time. Large panoramic windows make it possible. Don't be afraid of noise; hotel is well insulated. We thought the new mattresses were too soft, others will maybe enjoy them: a matter of personal taste. What's not a matter of taste is the extremely low water pressure in the bathrooms. Bathrooms, by the way, are larger than usual and have all amenities. Not in working condition was the advertised feature of check-out via your TV screen. Also, the promised quick check-out bill was not under our front door. We had to go downstairs and stand in line. Cashier did not pay proper attention to people in line at the Preferred Guest Counter (a problem found in a lot of Starwood hotels). Overall we enjoyed our stay and would come back to the Sheraton Gateway.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>howl
<Content>Disappointing I was very surprised, having read the reviews on TripAdvisor, that this place was so badly in need of refurbishment. We have reasonably high standards when it comes to hotels, so were looking at this hotel from that perspective. If you usually stay in hostels or motels, perhaps you'd love this place. The decor was probably grim in whichever decade it originated, but now it's tired and worn. Our room was supposedly a preferred room. Preferred by whom? It smelled stale, there were stains on the carpet and bedspreads and the bolt-on air-con unit under the window was noisy and rattly. We spent much of our time there with the window open, hoping to let in some fresh air. The in-room dining was adequate, and the staff reasonably helpful. We barely left the room while we were at the hotel, as there was no in-room safe, and the bar area wasn't particularly inviting. On the plus side, the shuttle bus was efficient and the beds comfortable. I suppose the view is OK, if you like a view of open water with a featureless coast. It's probably a nice area to go for a jog along the waterside, if you want to work off some tension.Should I need a hotel near SFO in the future, I wouldn't even consider the Sheraton. It's further from the airport than many other hotels listed on this site (we drove past nearly all of them on the way out to the hotel) and the poor quality of the accommodation and public areas doesn't make it a pleasant or relaxing place to prepare for a morning flight. Very disappointing indeed.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PikaGiggles
<Content>Restful room for great price I won a bid on Priceline and got a room for about $70 per night over President's Day Weekend. The room was clean and the beds were wonderful! Their special Sweet Sleeper Beds were a delight to sleep on and made my stay more enjoyable! Although the hotel wasn't that far from the airport, the airplanes must not have flown right over the hotel because it was pretty quiet. There wasn't any excessive noise that woke me up at night. A coffee maker with Starbucks coffee made my mornings easier (replenished everyday along with the toiletries). I had no problems with getting a wake-up call. Both check-in and check-out were super easy and took less than 5 minutes! The only complaint is that I had to pay for parking which I think was around $16 per night!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelWarrior
<Content>Average Definitely past its sell-by date. Even with a Platinum upgrade to the Club floor the rooms were dark, furnishings just on the good side of becoming shabby, bathroom the same and the water pressure in the shower almost non-existent. The food is pretty poor and expensive and there is a very limited room service choice. It's also unbelieveable that they are still charging for internet access, even for Platinum customers, when smaller hotels are giving it away. Having said that, it was clean and the staff were excellent. I received one of the most pleasant welcomes from the duty manager that I have received in any hotel in the world in seven years of intensive travelling. If you need a airport hotel and get a great rate then it's fine. Why would I stay there again rather than one of the better options in the area? The Sweet Sleeper beds make up for a lot of faults.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>finally1122
<Content>Good Place for the Price We stayed here for one night which concluded our 2 week vacation to the bay area. We took BART from the city to the airport and then caught the free shuttle to the hotel. Kind of a round-about way but it saved a lot of money. The shuttle was a little slow after a couple of calls but it is understandable because the airport was almost deserted when we were there. The hotel was well priced for what we got it at, $75 on Hotwire. I mentioned that to friends in the elevator and another hotel guest seemed astonished that we got such a low price. (He probably paid about $110+). The room was fine and the hotels service was good. The fitness center and pool downstairs was a little dated but not too bad. We arrived late and didn鈥檛 have a car so we couldn鈥檛 go anywhere for dinner except Windows on the Bay, the hotel restaurant. The regular menu is quite expensive and kind of insulting for a place like that. I would spend $20+ for an entree in the city at a nice restaurant but not here! Fortunately they had a cheaper bar menu with still disappointing food. The service was good but it was about 11:30pm at night so I would expect good service! It was my birthday so I had a Cr猫me Brule but it was not very good. Our bill for food was almost as much as the room rate. There is a walking path in from of the hotel that we regretted not using the next morning. It looks out on the San Francisco Bay and has a nice view.Bottom line: stay here if you have a good rate and don鈥檛 eat at the restaurant unless you HAVE TO.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelguy2000
<Content>$13.00 per night parking charge $13.00 per night parking charge. Parking charges came to almost 1/3 of my actual room charges. This hotel is located in Burlinghame, not downtown San Francisco! Front desk staff failed twice to fully disclose actual parking charges. Great place to stay if you're not driving.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dctravel
<Content>Great One Night Stay Stayed at the Sheraton Gateway San Francisco Airport for one night with a flight leaving early the in the morning. I arrived at the hotel about 9:30 pm and checked in with no problem. I was given a deluxe King on the Starwood Preferred Guest (I am an SPG member) room on the 9th floor. The room was spacious and very clean, it provided exactly what I needed for the night.The staff that I interacted with were all very friendly and helpful, including giving me directions to a supermarket. The only point of note is that parking at the hotel is $13. They do have an airport shuttle, but I choose not to use this option and parked my car and then drove myself (about 3 miles) to the airport.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel for the airport I choose this hotel strictly on location for a business trip. I typically stay at Westin but due late booking, I was not able to. Of course I can鈥檛 compare apples to oranges but I believe this hotel is just as good as the Westin down the road. I had a great room, great bed, and it was just as quite 鈥?actually more so since it was farther away from the airport. The Sheraton Sleeper is better, IMHO, than the heavenly bed plus I was given free high speed. Yes the parking is an issue at $13.00 and that policy should change but it is not a deal breaker. I did not try the restaurant or any other amenities found at this location.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>highloyo
<Content>Great price except for parking The hotel was very good for the price of $89. However, I didn't realize that they would charge $13 for parking considering they had this spacious parking lot that was fairly empty on the weekend. No other place to park your vehicle so you are stuck. The rooms were spacious and clean. The bed was very luxurious. Would stay here again except it irks me when they offer low rates but make it up on parking.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JerryinChicago
<Content>Yes, It's Average An airline placed me at the Sheraton Gateway when my flight was overbooked in March 2005 and I volunteered to give up my seat and leave the next day; I stayed at the hotel for free and was happy to have an extra night in San Francisco. (The hotel's airport shuttle the next morning was full of people who were also apparently on overbooked flights; one wondered aloud if our airline was the hotel's main source of business.) I completely agree with the comments below that describe the hotel as average. The lobby is elegant, but the rooms are very standard hotel rooms with slightly faded carpet and a gloomy olive-and-green decorating scheme. The bed, however, was among the most comfortable I've experienced. The hotel's free shuttle to the airport runs reliably every thirty minutes; it will get you there in less than ten minutes, and from the International Terminal you can take Bart downtown in about forty-five minutes. An airport hotel would never be my own choice, but if that's what you're looking for, this one is a bargain if you can get it at any of the sharply reduced prices mentioned in other reviews below.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfactory hotel The hotel is not 4 stars. However, the rooms are spacious and clean. Although it says it's an airport hotel, i don't find the hotel close to SFO at all. In addition, the hotel buildling is rather old and smelly. Ok worthwhile if you got a really good deal to stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>luvsf
<Content>Not a four stay hotel! We were shocked to learn we had to pay $13 per night to park in their OWN garage! Not only that, they charged us a $3 per night Burlingame Tourism Assessment Fee which we had never heard of and we had just stayed at the wonderful Embassy Suites in Oct., and also the Doubletree in October!!!! Has anyone else paid this ridiculous Tourism fee???? I would like to know!We were given a room with a horrible view---the rooftop a/c units and a concrete parking lot! The front desk personnel were also rude; not what one wants to contend with after a five hour flight across the USA!Go elsewhere if possible!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Van1915
<Content>Not 4 Stars by Any Strech I went with this hotel based on budget needs. $55 per night on Hotwire was a great price for a 4 star hotel. I read the reviews after I found out I was to stay here and was expecting the worst. So, here is the deal. This is definately not a 4 star hotel as was advertised on Hotwire. More like a solid 3 or 3.5 star hotel. The good points: It has the potential feel of a 4 star hotel in that there is a restaurant, business center, pool, fitness center, and is fairly large. Plus, those beds are fantastic. The bad points: The carpets were fading, the service was indifferent, the rooms a little worn, and the hotel had a dated feel. Also, you were charged for everything under the sun such as $13 for parking, $1 per local or 1-800 call for 60 minutes, 10 cents for every minute thereafter, $3 per minute to call San Francisco, and no wireless internet use in the rooms, only in the lobby and that cost $10.77 per day. I must stress that I would never have booked this hotel if it weren't for the amazing price. But, since I did get a great deal, it wasn't an unpleasant experience, just a very average one.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leahmsherman
<Content>A great hotel I have no complaints about this hotel. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating, they let us check in early, check out late, and brought the crib that we requested to our room before we even had time to unload the car. The bed was unbelievable, the best sleep it got our entire 10-day vacation, and the bathroom was large. The pool was nice but the hot tub seemed a little outdated. The exercise room looked really nice, I was almost tempted to use it. The hotel restaurant seemed out of place, dinner was very expensive and there was not a view. Breakfast was much more reasonably priced. The wait staff was fabulous, we ate near closing one night and the waiter still treated us like royalty. At breakfast, the waitress had my husband's to-go order brought to me just as I was ready to leave so it was still hot when he got it. Definitely two thumbs up, I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sheraa
<Content>Disappointed in Sheraton Based on my usual good experiences with Sheraton and the positive reviews here with TripAdvisor, I booked the Gateway at SFO for the last night of our vacation in October 2004. After an 8 hour drivefrom Crescent City, my husband and I were very tired and anxiousfor a good night's sleep in the sweet sleeper bed. Well.... upon check-in (as a Starwood Gold member I might add), we asked for a quiet room but found the room to be next to the elevator. In addition, we opened the door to find the TV on and the bed covers pulled back! We called to the front desk and they said they wouldimmediately send up a key for another room.... well, after about 5 minutes, I walked back to the front desk where I had to wait even longer for assistance, (in the Preferred Guest line) and as I waited, I overheard one of the agents tell a bellman to take a key up to the floor I had just come from. I asked if that was for us, (giving my name) and she looked at me as if I were from Mars. I asked why she was just now sending it up and she said they were busy. I finally got assistance from another person, who seemed put out that she had to find another room for us. By now, I was getting pretty frustrated, but she finally found a quiet room... So back up to a different floor at the very end of a very long hall into a room that seemed to have seen better days. The carpet was orn and coming up in some places, the bathroom was not very clean, and the worst - there was some sort of gross stain on the bedspread that we pulled off onto the floor. If it wasn't for the fact that it was now after 11p and we had already changed rooms, I would have left for the Marriott! I booked our room through the Sheratonsite, but I see now why according to reviewers here, that it often comes up so cheap through Priceline. All of this topped with the indifferent customer service of the front desk leaves me not recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>is this a Sheraton standard? I had to sleep in the San Francisco airport area for 1 night before taking an airplane the day after, so I didn't care much about the hotel. My travel agent made a reservation for me. However, my concern with this hotel is a very basic one: when I arrived there, I found hair in the blankets, towels were dirty (with visible black and the bathrobe had a big hole). Not to mention the fitted carpet, that was worn out. I was tired after a travel from Europe so I did not complain. I do not know if I was particularly unlucky with my room or if this is really the Sheraton Gateway's standard, but I was never able to find a 100 euros room in such bad conditions in the worst areas of Europe. Good luck if you come here...or ask they change at least the blankets before you enter your room!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value - but not in the city This is always one of my first choices when I stay outside of SF proper.It's incredibly upscale for the cost (easy to find less than $100/night), and as nice as hotels I pay twice as much for sometimes.Only downside is it's outside of the city proper (20-30min drive to downtown), but is seconds from the airport, so that  the cost make it worth it, especially if you have a late arrival or early departure!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tahoep
<Content>Ditto on the bed! Fully agree that the bed is what makes for a wonderful stay at this Sheraton.Stayed there in August, 2004 for one night as I needed to take a very early morning flight. Worth every penny of the $38 Priceline price. Of course, there's the additional $13 parking, but if you don't have a car, the hotel offers shuttle service to the airport. If you need to stay near SF Airport, this would be a good place.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mini
<Content>Enjoyed the View (and the bed is heavenly!) The Sheraton Gateway San Francisco is a nice hotel. We had a lovely view of the bay from our room and enjoyed watching the planes coming and going into San Francisco Airport. Our room was nice (large bathroom) and the bed was super comfy. My husband (who usually only complains if the bed is so-so) simply loved the bed at the Sheraton. He thought it was one of the best he'd ever slept in. Room service (we ordered breakfast)was good and served per the scheduled time. We also enjoyed watching the large screen TV in the bar area; service was very nice at the bar and we enjoyed our time there as well. There is a nice walk by the bay you can take from the hotel - good way to get some sight-seeing in and also some exercise. Recommend!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yes2travel
<Content>Great bed - bad pool area This is a great place to stay for a night before or after a flight into SFO especially as there are great rates to be gotten online and/or via Priceline.The bed is absolutely perfect with nice crisp sheets!The foyer area and bar are beautiful.Went to the pool area and it looked a little run down. The pool is very small and the whirlpool looked like an oversized bathtub that someone would have in their home in the 1970's. We didn't stay to use anything.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good beds, needs carpet change! The room was priced right. (We got it online for $40.00.) The view was very nice. The beds were lovely. The carpet was very worn and actually had a hole in it!The desk clerks were helpful and friendly. Recommended a nice diner down the street, Leanns'. There was a very nice place behind the hotel to walk and enjoy the bay. They have an airport shuttle. They told us there would be a parking charge of 13.00, but waived it upon checkout. I would stay there again, for the right price.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Service but.... When checking into the hotel we were directed to a room that was still being cleaned by housekeeping. They made up for it by sending us to the Club Level (15th floor) which have bay views and complimentary hor 'dourves and breakfast. There were no signs or instrcutions as to what time and the morning spread was not that impressive - glad I wasn't paying any extra for it. Clean rooms though and very attentive staff. Did not appreciate paying for parking though - I can see paying for parking in a city - not in Burlingame.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon hotel We got a deal on this hotel from hotwire. $53/night plus the $13/day parking. So for a $66/night hotel this place was great! We told them it was our honeymoon and that we were a Starwood preferred guest (I suggest that before staying at a Sheraton go to their site and become a Starwood guest....its free and has perks) they put us on the preferred floor with a view of the water. They even sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne on our first night there! We didn't eat at the hotel downstairs but...did manage to spend $100 on a steak dinner down the walkway @ Kincaids. It wasn't worth $100, maybe the seafood is better? Either way, the view from our dinner table @ Kincaids was worth at least $40 of the $100 we spent haha. Anyway.....get a deal from the internet, become a Starwood member and you should have a fabulous 4 star time!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissJaynesjourney
<Content>Real Beds! Well I booked this room for a bargain price, great beds, bath robes and great room service. Theres a good restaurant within walking distance. its super quiet and you can take a walk along the bay. Better than most airport hotels. Love the Sheraton sweet sleeper beds.....also you can not hear the roar of jets.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't complain   showReview(2453559, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible!!   showReview(2446282, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelAdvice101
<Content>Awesome View! Cool party!   showReview(2346228, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tbmumey
<Content>A Bargain! Great bed, large room   showReview(2282451, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed   showReview(2229973, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Near Airport   showReview(2064133, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BEDEE
<Content>Quite Disappointing   showReview(1648177, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QuetzalFish
<Content>ok place   showReview(1378051, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SMFguy
<Content>Not a great place   showReview(1149435, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>carlie1964
<Content>BIG rooms   showReview(1148900, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sheraton San Francisco Airport Hotel   showReview(20551496, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon pour etre pres de l'aeroport   showReview(19646159, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Fr眉hflieger oder Sp盲tankommer   showReview(17445974, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in Airportn盲he   showReview(11302461, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脺berraschend gut   showReview(11302460, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel veillot, pas 脿 la hauteur du 4* annonc茅   showReview(11335790, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

