<Author>Klemensito
<Content>Nothing special It's central but expensive, worn and not worth it. Breakfast: Expensive and boring - as the room.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>lovetocookMoray
<Content>enjoyable stay with good dutch character had a thoroughly good 3 night stay in room 222. room wasnt luxury but comfortable and clean, also the bathroom was good. enjoyed going out onto the stone balcony leading out the french doors and drinking in the atmosphere of the bustling street outside especially after dark seeing the floodlit building, once the doors were shut all the loud noise from outside dissapeared. loved the steak meal in the restaurant, young waitress was super and took me through to see the blue and white tiles in the bar as i hadnt been in there , i was amazed by the sight. the man at reception was very helpful and polite and answered all our questions about the places we wanted to visit, he marked all on a map for us so we wouldnt forget. it wasnt even a problem when my husband and i came rolling in at er rather a late hour from a fantastic (hic) pub in the centre of amsterdam. i think the people who wrote the bad reviews must have made a mistake about the name of the hotel ( or maybe they spent too long in a pub in the town , got so drunk that they got back to a different hotel, that wasnt good!) would stay in this hotel again if i was visiting amsterdam. it was great being so near all the places we wanted to see, and it was a welcome break to quickly nip back when our feet were aching to recharge the batteries again ready to go out and enjoy more of this amazing place.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NorthYorksFoxy
<Content>Excellent       Room  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Amandamanx
<Content>Not Worth its * Rating - Didn't Quite Get This Hotel Stayed for two nights with friends - very overpriced - rooms dated and stuck in the 70's G-Plan. Mould in the bathroom, dirty stained carpets and a dressing table that hadn't been cleaned behind in months - empty crisp packets etc., and coke can left under the bed. Dull, dark room that was depressing to be in - so only spent time in it sleeping - corridors very dated. Front desk not particularly helpful or friendly - nice front hall but that is about it, at 90.00 (uk pound) a night excluding taxes and not including breakfast it was very disappointing and I am sure there are alot more friendlier hotels with better rooms and facilities than this hotel - very disappointing  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>family-from-norway
<Content>Don't stay at your room! The reviews other have placed pretty much tells it all - the location is great, but the rooms (at least the two we were offered) were terrible. The first room offered was in the attic, with a ceiling so low we only could streatch our back one place (and we're not large people). This was a hot day in june and the sun made the room about 40 degrees celsius with only a table fan to cool it down (the attic window could not be opened). We complained - someting we very seldom do - and got another room with view and window to open to a 4 x 4 meters outdoor room - where the fan from the kitchen was placed! The room was so small it was in fact funny! We had planned a romantic weekend away from the children - first time in ages, and was very disapointed! At Hotels.com the hotel was rated 4 stars, in our opinion very wrongly so! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone planning to use their room at all!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>jhammett17
<Content>Great Location This was our first stop during our 2 week trip to Europe. The hotels is nice. Our rom was very clean, as well as the bathroom. It is in a nice loaction where the Dam Square is about 5 minutes away if that. You can easliy walk to other attractions, like Maddam Tussauds Wax Museum, and the Anne Frank House. On our first night we got a room with a view of the Royal Palace, basically the front side of the hotel. It was great and all, but the only problem was, you could not open the window. It wouldn't have been a problem, if it wasn't the middle of summer. It just got hot and way to stuffy in there since there is no air conditioning. We asked the front desk to give us another room, which they were able to do immediately. It was still nice but no view. That was fine with us though. As long as we had fresh air. As far as food, there are so many lil' cafe shops that have good food for cheap. We never ate in the restaurant downstairs since we wanted to save money. I recommend getting the Lasagne in any of the cafes they were all super delicious!!Overall, I liked the hotel. I would definitely stay there again!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler00173
<Content>I Will Never Stay There Again Careless and clumsy porters, management that brush you off with excuses. I was asked whether I would like my items to be taken to the room by the porter, to which I said yes ( unfortunately ). I was left with 拢450.00 worth of damage and when I contacted the management they brushed me off with excuses and said that they take no responsibility for lose or damage which is a joke as it's there staff that course the damage. The rooms are also to hot and do not have air conditioning.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Jas046
<Content>A Poor Choice Not a good hotel.Very small rooms.No hard soap. both soap dispensers were broken and never fixed; even after I reported to the manager.Towels with holes in them.Chairs in the room were strained.No wash cloths. The manager did bring us some after I talked to him.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>hil68
<Content>Great Location Myself and a friend stayed here for four nights in June 08. Having read some terrible reviews, we didnt really know what to expect. However we found the hotel to be clean, the staff friendly, efficient and helpful and of course the location excellent. We would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lindsley
<Content>Excellent stay       The entrance of the hotel  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>vanmunchen
<Content>Not my idea of a 4 star hotel Good, central location but the room was depressingly small and dingy with no air conditioning. I found someone's sock on the floor so cleaning standards were obviously poor. Tea and coffee facilities were provided in the room, as well as a safe but no minibar. Good choice of TV programmes. Bathroom was fine. I had an evening meal in the expensive restaurant but the quality was not up to the price. Good choice of buffet breakfast. I was only there for one night and certainly would not have wanted to stay longer. The hotel certainly does not warrant 4 stars - I have stayed in vastly better 3 star hotels.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	4	3	

<Author>Michael15
<Content>A very good experience I stayed in this hotel in the last week of May, 2008. It was a very positive experience. The bar is excellent and the barman, Joe, the barman on duty most of the time when I was there, was a fantastic host and a very good member of staff. In fact, all of the staff I came across were very good.I didn't have breakfast, but did have an evening meal and it was great. The restaurant is beautiful and is well set out. The bar is a wonderful room too and I found it to be very relaxing.The rooms do need to be brought more up to date and the corridor on the fifth floor does need redecorating, but I spent very little time in my room anyway, so it really didn't matter a great deal to me. The room was extremely clean and I found that the hotel was very quiet and I slept very soundly, which is unusual for me.The location is superb. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. The beers in the bar are also good. The whole experience was a relaxed one and it greatly added to my enjoyment of a wonderful city.One other bar I really liked and would highly recommend for its superb- and I mean superb- Dutch beers, is 't Arendsnest on Herensgracht, about ten minutes walk from the hotel. Go up the Raadhuistraat and turn right at the second bridge. It's a lovely bar and the beer was just amazing-espcially their own brew, Zwaluw! It is another bar with a very good atmosphere.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BrucieS
<Content>Unbelievably BAD.... dont darken the door This was my second visit to Die Port Van Cleve, the occasion being to celebrate my girlfriends recent birthday a few weeks ago, after the first visit a few years ago I did not hesitate to return as this had been a most enjoyable stay and I hoped for the same. Unfortunately our the other weekend was far from that and I would have huge reservations about the hotel as a going concern.The following goes through my visit and subsequent problems in chronological order: - My girlfriend and I checked in on Friday evening at about 6pm or so, were greeted by a male member of staff whose name I unfortunately do not recall, I was asked as normal for credit card verification, this appeared to be completed correctly and we were directed to our room. Unfortunately this room was a twin room and was not what I had booked and had confirmation for from my reservation, I had requested a double. This issue was soon rectified and we were moved to room 407. - We were planning to go out that Friday evening and my girlfriend took a shower, when she came out she said the shower was too hot and she had huge difficulty adjusting the temperature correctly having nearly burnt herself on a few occasions. I showered after and found the adjustment on the shower far too sensitive also 鈥?I would consider this dangerous. - The next issue we experienced was that the lighting in the room was not sufficient as at least one of the bulbs on the bedside light was blown.  - We then went out for some dinner and a few beers during which at approximately 10 - 11pm I got a telephone message from my credit card company that I was to call them immediately. I did so and I was transferred to card security directly, they were considerably concerned about four transactions which had been either attempted or completed from Die Port Van Cleve. The first three transactions attempted to take 鈧?00 from my account, the final attempted a transaction for 鈧?9,883.33. These transactions obviously drew serious attention from the credit card company and they advised to return to the hotel immediately and possibly call the police, following which I should call them back and advise if the card should be cancelled. At this stage they also advised that my credit limit had been exceeded and there were no funds available on my card, I was extremely shocked and rang the hotel immediately. I found and still find it very hard to understand how these four transactions had been required when all I was aware of at check in was a credit verification, i.e. a confirmation that funds were available in my account. At no stage during the check in process was I made aware that a transaction was being completed and at no stage did I authorize by signature or pin that funds should be transferred. I was also very surprised at the figure of the transactions, at 鈧?00 this was 鈧?30 more than my room rate less local tax? This is aside from the fact that four different transactions were attempted on the card and a final transaction of 鈧?9883.33? but I am struggling to understand why and how this was used a payment amount? In any case after a discussion with the hotel there was little I could do that evening and was more than extremely annoyed. - Not least because I would be unable to use my credit card for dinner and for the remainder of my time in Amsterdam. - There was a final surprise on this visit for my girlfriend which again was a complete embarrassment, this happened on Saturday evening. I had gone downstairs for a beer before going out for dinner, she was getting ready to go out and while looking for a shoe she came across a used condom sitting under our bed. She immediately came down stairs to let me know and I made Nina aware of the situation. This was something that I would hope to never encounter anywhere let alone in a 4* hotel room. At this stage I also made Nina aware of the lighting and shower problems in the room, she said there was little she could do at that time aside from remove the condom. The only gesture during our entire stay in the hotel was that we were offered a late check out on Sunday and this was only after I had asked what time I could check out! At no time during the stay was a manager made available to discuss the situation, I subsequently found out that one was available for a period on Saturday afternoon from Christa during check out but he/she was not directed toward me? I am shocked that this would not have been a priority given the level of incompetency and carelessness shown with my credit card.  I cannot say how embarrassed and annoyed I was during the weekend, I recommended this hotel to my girlfriend and told her it would be more than suitable for our stay in Amsterdam for her birthday celebration. Nearly as annoying was the inconvenience of having to pay cash for the weekend and also the fact I was also hoping to buy some items during our visit in Amsterdam but as my credit card limit was exceeded this was impossible.  At this stage the more I think about it the more I am annoyed. This is not what I would expect from a 4* hotel anywhere in the world let alone in Europe. DO NOT CONSIDER THIS HOTEL IF STAYING IN AMSTERDAM. I have since been in contact with one of the managers and am now waiting over two weeks for an appropriate compensation for this shambles of a stay.... they seem totally incompetent.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Boblin
<Content>awful bedrooms, wonderful staff We booked this hotel because it was central, and looked a little different to the norm. It was indeed beautiful and the reception was very nice. We arrived about 10.30pm and booked in. The staff are great but the dissapointment when we reached our room was dreadful. The room was little more than a cupboard. It was dark and dingy and with 70's style furniture. The bedding however was lovely cotton and very comfortable, the bathroom was clean and acceptable, however we couldnt have stayed in there. I was offered another room which we gladly took but quickly realised there was a strange patch on the ceiling that looked liked there had been a leak and the television didnt work. We moved again to a room that was okay. It at least had a good window. We were offered 3 other rooms before we took this one.I should say at this point that we like nice surroundings but are not normally very fussy, but expected better from the information given. This place, with its wonderful location, could be the cream of the hotels in Amsterdam but needs a good refurbishment.The staff could not have been more helpful especially the porter on that night.Over the better things - the bar is beautiful, again with great staff and breakfast was very nice.Would we go there again? No, but thanks to the staff for helping out.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>wgifan
<Content>Great location, avoid restaurant We stayed in the Centre of Amsterdam, easy walk to Central Station and Palace Square is in view from the room. Check in staff very helpful. Service not quite 4 star, only wash cloths first day, no restock mini bar (but we did due to prices), make your tiny shampoos last, seemed you had to ask for anything/not automatic. Location near shopping excellent, market and liquor store almost on same block. Nice soaking tub for post walking tours; HOT water. Furniture a little worn and carpets could use a cleaning. Bedding soft and comfortable. Restaurant poor-breakfast steep price and not included, dinner portions tiny, rack of lamb must have been from day old lamb-loin portion eraser size! Chef's choice veg soup just broth, no veggies! Choose from the many, many restaurants elsewhere! Restaurant staff snooty, front staff much better.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	5	3	5	

<Author>LordMemnoch
<Content>Nice hotel would recommend-(ask for 5th floor.) Booked 2 rooms here for 3 nights from apr 17th to 20th. 2 couples travelling. A taxi to the hotel cost us about 鈧?5. Doesnt look great from the outside-but the old saying about judging a book by its cover springs to mind. Inside is really warm and welcoming. Our room was on the fifth floor and was really bright and was a decent size. We had 3 steps going down to the bedroom from a short little hall way inside the door. Bed was big and comfortable. Room had no air conditioning though so we did have to leave the window open a lot. I read reports of the place looking tired and dated-I didnt think this at all. Room was clean and didnt look out of date at all. View from the window was a rooftop but thats not a big deal (if you want to see something go outside). The second room was on the 4th floor and seemed a lot smaller (all one level didnt have the corridor and steps). The other couple commented on the differance in room size. Both rooms were booked at the same time and booked exactly the same. To be honest I wouldnt have been as happy with my friends room. On site is the famous steak restaurant. Wasnt great. You can order either a 6oz or 9 oz steak done to your liking (or so they say) and its served with veg and fries. The steak itself wasnt anything special to be honest and wasnt quite well done as requested. That was a disapointment as we had heard so many good things about it. The room service menu was pretty standard. (standard as in choice-food was nice). Beware of the room service breakfast though-its very expensive and not nice. Special mention goes to the barman Jorge (spelling?) who was great. The hotel bar was really cool and we favoured staying there over any of the bars/clubs around the city. Real old-fashioned set-up-wooden tables candles etc. Reception staff were really helpful at both check-in and check-out and helping us with directions and travel advice. Hotel location is great with in easy walking distance to Anne Frank, Madame Tussuads, shopping area and Red Light District. There is a large shopping mall and supermarket on the same street. There is a Tram stop outside the hotel and Centraal Station is 10 minutes walk away. Id would definatly recommend this hotel, it was a little more expensive than some of the others we checked but then it was worth it.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>strasman
<Content>Good location but not 4* The hotel is well located just 8 mins walk from the central station. A tram also stops outside the front door. 3 mins walk from Dam square. Sourrounded by restaurants so you will not be stuck for somewhere to eat. The rooms are on the small side and the hotel could do with a smarten up. Rooms are clean and comfortable and pretty well equipped. Be prepared for a disturbed night as the trams run late and passers by from the local hostelliers all through the night. But what can you expect as you are in the centre of the city. Staff are friendly and the hotel boasts flat screen TV's and wireless internet. There is also a good bar attached to the hotel serving several local beers. If you can get a good rate then stay here. It advertises itself as 4 star but I would only rate it as 3 star. Bear this in mind when booking.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dimitra12000
<Content>Great location, small rooms I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights during February 2008.The booking was made through a travel agency in Greece, and though I have asked for a double bed front view room, mine was twin and had no view.Before booking the hotel I had read several reviews, for small and not clean rooms. The room was very clean and renovated but a little bit small..People on the reception desk were very helpful. Breakfast was plain, but nice and the staff also polite. We had one lunch there, so as to taste the famous filet, which was to our disappoinment bad and very expensive.A problem that we had is that due to a cancellation of our flight, all the group had to stay one extra night and the new room that we were given was so small, that had no closet and only one person could standing be around the bed at the same time. Apart from that, the room had old casings and it was very cold and noisy.Generaly the hotel was very noisy. You could hear peoples' steps from the corridor or from the room upstairs. Another thing, is that during check in the reception desk asked for our credit card for guarantee of any extras, which is common and acceptable, but without mini bar in the rooms (for an example), what consumptions can you make???Overall the hotel in a very nice location in central Amsterdam, with bus and tram stop just outside and just 5 minutes on foot from the central train station, near the market etc.  Would visit it again, provided that I would have a larger room.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>DCMark
<Content>Excellent staff, value and location The Port Van Cleve is wonderfully located near the action yet on a very safe and open street. Minutes from the Red Light district and 8 minutes from the train station.Staff is helpful, kind and efficient. Rooms are not large but totally adequate. Room size is typical of what you would get in a large city hotel (NYC, Paris, etc). Building is beautiful from the outside too. Rooms are very, very clean too.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gda27
<Content>Good choice, excellent location PROS:- Excellent location, near Dam, with excellent view from the window.- Bus stop in front of the hotel and few minutes to reach the Central Station (train station).- The room was really pretty  tidy.- The hotel is cool :-)CONS:- The room was quite small.- At the arrival the room was not ready because some guests made extra-late check-out.- You can not turn off the bathroom fan (it's _always_ on)  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>leased
<Content>Didn't even get through the door While trying to book a room at this hotel I was subjected to possibly the worst customer service I have ever encountered. they weren't prepared to book something as simple as a feb 29th of a leap year. The sad thing is it wasn't just one person it was also management! Then proceeded to tell me that it was my fault that I didn't understand why and i would get it if i was in the hotel industry. what? the hotel industry doesn't believe in leap years?  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheDamMaster
<Content>Excellent Hotel Well where do i start?, this hotel was a experience EXCELLENT was about 10-15 mins walk from the train station (dam square)you can get a tram but we walked. it is right in the centre of dam square, on the road to the clubs (by tram/taxi ) not far from the cafes and red light area also the shopping streets are on the doorstep (very handy) the hotel is excellent, customer service is great, we didnt have no problems, we had a 3 bedroom room on the 2nd floor, the view of the street loads of windows very big room, bathroom was excellent CLEAN you can smoke as well, we also had a 2 bed room on the second floor, the view was not to great but the room was very clean. the staff were very helpfull and we had a very nice stay will book again when we next go ???many thanks  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>breukelenman
<Content>Hotel at Dam Square       Port van Cleve Hotel at Night  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gazefc
<Content>Great Location, but showing its age I have stayed at this hotel before, this time i stayed with my girlfriend for one night on 26th Dec 07.The location is fantastic, just off Dam Sq, very easy to get too.The front of the hotel is grand, with a restaurant and bar on either side of the entrance.Reception, is good and the staff are professional and friendly.We where given a room on the first floor , and the first thing we noticed where the thread bare carpets, these continued down the corridor.We had booked a double room direct with the hotel, but the room consisted of two single beds pushed together, not even made up or 'zipped' together, this was very poor.i have had this issue before with this hotel, when i stayed with a friend of mine (male), and where given a double bed , which they just seperated..!!!it claims to be 4 star..a long way short of that , would just be a 3 !!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Susie-Wales
<Content>Excellent Location We've just returned from a 3 day break in Amsterdam staying at Die Port van Cleve Hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location close to the central station, bars, restaurants and attractions.The rooms are clean, the staff are friendly and helpful, the breakfast was good, we tried the numbered steaks and went back the following evening for more they were superb.The beds were very comfortable and there was very little noise during the night.We had a good deal with breakfast included and paid half of the average price per night, so good value for money and can't complain.The rooms are very small and need painting and updating, lighting isn't good. I think because of the standard of the rooms it should only be a 2-3 star hotel, anyone expecting and paying full price for 4 stars will be disappointed.They are upgrading the rooms so lots of noise from about 8.30am.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vinegarhill
<Content>[--] 5/5 We booked this hotel via easyjet while booking the flights. Prior to booking the flights i enquired direct with the hotels own website and found it to be quite expensive so was surprised to find it on the easyjet website much cheaper than direct. We picked this hotel because we had been several times previously to the bar which if this website had been baradvisor.co.uk it would have a 5/5. The bar really is worth a visit and we have always found the staff to be above average. That goes for all the staff throughout the hotel - in our experience anyway. The breakfeast is plentiful and good quality. The problem i had was with the room - it was clean but really lets the rest of the experience down. It was minute {room 508} and in desperate need of a renovation - we actually got the impression that we were on the easyjet no frills floor getting the discounted room in line with the standard of the rooms within the hotel - even the hallway to our room was in need of decoration - this differed to the other hallways we looked at. While there for two nights we ate at the fondue restaurant which was just across the road and up slightly - unfortunatly if you have difficulty with stairs you need not visit as i could only describe the access as a cross between a ladder and a stair - that said we really enjoyed the meal and the surroundings. The second night we went to Haesje Claes on spuistraat which we have visited several times and have never been disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>minicooperdownunder
<Content>five star location two star room       Rom 526  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Karchristi
<Content>Great location but very disappointing We chose this hotel because of its location and it was advertised as a 4 star hotel. Yes, the location is good, close to Dam Square and within walking distance of many attractions. Our room was very dark (almost depressing) plus the lampshades were a dark brown colour - made it very difficult to read. I did complain and after telling the staff I worked in the travel industry and would be putting in a report about the hotel - they gave me an upgrade! The new room was much lighter but this hotel is only 2.5 or 3 star at the most. I found the staff to be polite and friendly. The breakfast was very good. They offer a wide choice of food. I would suggest you shop around before you book this hotel. All the rooms need renovation. It is a pity that this hotel was not up to scratch as the location is great.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>Quass
<Content>Great Place and Great Service It's a bit pricey for what you get, but the staff is very friendly and the hotel appears to have been recently rennovated. The location is safe and close to where you want to site see. We exceeded our check out time but the staff was very forgiving. I would return.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marcus36
<Content>Great Location. Honest Review I stayed here with my wife for two days this week and cannot believe I stayed in the same hotel as some of the previous reviews suggest.The location is truly fantastic with all the sights and bars within a couple of minutes walk away.Forget what Americans have to say about room size. With their body mass index they need more room!. They're not huge suites, but you're only using this as a base after all. I too requested non smoking and asked at check in whether this was the case. I too had been given a smoking room, but they had no qualms about moving me to another. Yes, some rooms' windows do face others, but this is a city centre hotel, not a country retreat.The bar attached to the hotel is fantastic. The restaurant too is superb, though breakfast at 17 Euros each was a little steep. Still, makerel, salmon, pork sausages and all the things us Brits like were there (perhaps I should complain that there was no black pudding?)For anybody on a few nights stay in Amsterdam, this hotel is perfect. The staff are polite and helpful, the hotel is clean. Yes, the lobby was smoky, but Amsterdam by definition is a little more liberal in its smoking habits.My room was clean, modern (LCD TV, swipe card entry, safe etc) and extremely comfortable. I am happy to moan when things aren't good enough, but some of the earlier reviews really are inaccurate.Book it with confidence, just make sure on check in, if necessary, that it's no smoking you require.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>jaypeaohh
<Content>Beautiful on the outside. Inside, not so much. I loved how this place looked in the pictures. And it does look awesome when you get there. The bar that's attached to it is fantastic. It's close to the Dam, the Red Light, and the Anne Frank House which is all good. That said, my room sucked. Innerfacing room with windows that stared into other people's rooms and the hallway. Zero natural light. I only slept there, but if you're going to enjoy a room, book another place or get a view. I only paid about $130 dollars through Expedia, but if you're thinking of paying more than that, you might want to look at other hotels and go to the Die Port for a drink at the bar.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mellow_40
<Content>truly awful! I have to admit I was slightly sceptical before arriving at this hotel. City centre, old......It took me three attempts to get a room, the first was smoking, when my booking had specified non-smoking,  we can't guarantee a non smoking room, we need a medical certificate!. Not a lot of good telling you that at 23.30. Next room had someone else's stuff already in there.The only hotel I have woken up in and thought that I wasn't sure about leaving my case and belongings there.Very, very poor. Tired and run down. Rude staff. And hey, they charge you 鈧?35 per room per night.Avoid at all costs. Complete rip off!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Saffy58
<Content>All that glitters is not 4* My partner and I recently stayed here for two nights on what was intended to be a weekend of luxury for my birthday.On arrival at the hotel which was later than intended due to a pre-booked airport transfer which didn't show up, we were glad to be met by a friendly lass at reception. On the journey to our room on the fifth floor I was initially concerned by the slightly grubby, dated decor of the lift and corridor approaching our room. On entering the room we were soon to discover that our 4* superior double was far from. 1* would be more appropriate.Stains on the ceiling from a flooding, cracked floor tiles in bathroom, battered lampshades and very limited space , 10 either side of the bed, were just a few of the details that made our 'superior' room anything but luxurious. On asking to be moved to something more appropriate we were told that it was not possible though I am convinced that the hotel was not fully booked.The staff were very helpful to a point but this hotel should NOT be classified as a 4* .  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Napoleon72
<Content>4 star?? No way!! We booked this hotel for one night on short notice. The hotel is located very close to the Dam Square. Use of public communications are easy as its just three steps away from the door.The rooms are no more than OK. They are a little bit worn out and needs an upgrade. The view from our rooom was straight into a brickwall, and had no a/c so the temp was a a litlle warm during the night.The prize for one room (230 euro) is absurd!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Imperium
<Content>Location, location, location What can I say? For the first timer in Amsterdam this hotel is adequate as its just behind the Orange Palace in Dam Square, but when I return to this fine city, I'll be definetely staying somewhere else, as you dont get what you pay for. You get a room that you cant swing a cat, never mind your partner in(after all it is the city of sin!!) and we got a view over the back door of the kitchen at the rear (room 110) with the extractor fan going late at night and early in the morning, though breakfast smelled nice( not included in the price of 拢225 for 2 nights) otherwise it costs 16 euros!!! Yes I said 16 euros!! It's nowhere near a 4 star hotel, more like a decent 2 star, but as I said at the start, it's adequate  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Paul Tarmas
<Content>Great Location, rooms need upgrading As said before the hotel has agreat location for exploring Amsterdam, I have no complaints about the hotel apart from the room furnishings are looking a little tired and could do with upgrading to make this truly a 4* hotel. The room we had was at the back of the hotel so there was very little noise, it was overlooked by other rooms in the hotel so no view, but this is to be expected in the middle of Amsterdam. The only modern thing about the room was that it had a flat screen t v. But the room and bathroom were of a good size and very clean and tidy with everthing you would need for your stay. All staff were very pleasant and helpful. We had a deal that included breakfast, which was very good and plentiful. So all in all we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The one thing I would say though was that the rooms have no air conditioning and the room was still quite hot with the window open, and it was not that hot while we were there.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bookem28
<Content>Not so great I stayed here with my wife for one night and wasn't overly impressed with the hotel. From the street it looks like a nice old building with a bit of history to it and this feeling continues into the main reception. However, this feeling was lost once we got to our room. Unfortunately our room was very small, just enough to fit a double bed and their was a foul smell coming from the bathroom pipes (we had to keep the bathroom door closed to try and keep the smell out of the bedroom). If we had of being staying longer than one night then we definitely would have asked to change rooms, but it was really only a place for us to sleep before catching a train out of Amsterdam early next morning. The hotel is in a good location, but I doubt that I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>L_and_GLondon
<Content>Good location We stayed in this hotel towards the end of June 2007. The hotel was clean and the room was spacious, the room was split on 2 levels. We managed to get a deal that included breakfast which had a good selection. It would not be worth paying for as it seemed quite expensive for what it was. The staff were nice and spoke excelent English. The hotel was very centrally located (2mins) walk from Dam Square and about 10 minutes walk from the Central Station.If you are traveling to Schipol then get then train from the airport to the main station which takes about 15minutes and then you can walk easily to the hotel.The hotel has a restaurant and bar connected to it and serves a good selection of food all through the day. This was a nice hotel, however I would say that it was not a true 4* hotel but no complaints.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lily5
<Content>Unhappy with this hotel This was our first stop on a three week vacation and we were very unhappy with this hotel. These were the problems for our two day stay: 1) No telephone service, phones were down for two days, couldn't call room to room or even down to the front desk.2) Terrible beds, must have used since the opening of the hotel-could feel the springs. 3) Bathroom drains plugged, shower curtain was disguisting 4) Staff were not result oriented however they were very nice.5) Terrible value- we paid $271 for one night and $325 for the second night. This hotel in comparison to the other hotels (in the same price range) we stayed in for the rest of our vacation was by far the worse value.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael7732
<Content>in which lottery did this hotel win 4 stars We stayed in the hotel in two rooms for two nights. As the first room was too run down we asked for changing the rooms after the first night unfortunately the next room was not really better. + the room was smelling of smoke even though it was a non smoker room+ Curitains with holes from cigarettes + stains on the carpet+ room was too small to open the suitcase and the bathroom door at the same time+ holes in the wall of the hall way+ flat screen TV with snow that could not be fixed by hotel staff+ hotel staff had to be reminded several times to get the second bed+ Telephone did not work+ no fridge+ trousers ironer did not work+ furinture looked run downCannot understand how the hotel got 4 stars. Cannot advise the hotel even though the location is good.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>floorbye
<Content>Fantastic location for exploring Amsterdam It is worth saying that this is not a hotel you'd go to if you want a really upscale, romantic place to stay. BUT the hotel is in an excellent location from which to explore the city of Amsterdam. It's a two minute walk to the Dam Square, 10 minute walk to the Central Station and within easy walking distance of everything in central Amsterdam. The hotel is clean and quiet an comfortable, but I would say the key selling point is the fact that it is so well located.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rigod贸n
<Content>Beside Magna Plaza Mall, In the back of Nieuwe Kerk Perfect location,In the middle of Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal, 50 mts from Dam Square. A couple of tram stops from Amsterdam Centraal.According the typical amsterdam buildings, the halls and reception are quite tiny. But, in my opinion, the rooms are fine (I was upgraded to a superior room, with toilette and jacuzzi, that did not work).The rooms could be differents, somes has wooden beams on the roof, and somes are normal ones.The breakfast is taken at the Brasserie 鈥楧e Poort鈥? is fine, not excellent but correct. The most important is you can take it in a table with views (Enormous windows).Lots of Tram lines have stops near the hotel.If you can get it for aprox. 120 EUR is a good choice.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SimonMu
<Content>...its more of a 3 star hotel ... Stayed at the Die Port as a late birthday present from the wife in Feb 2007As everyone says the location is great - literally 1 minute from Dam Sq and right in the heart of things.Stayed in Room 103 which faced our the back - bit noisy but where wouldn鈥檛 be in the middle of Amsterdam?Reception is great, super speedy and the Concierge is a great guy to ask about anything - places to go, how to get there. Excellent English spoken and always has a smiley face. Breakfast is well above average - Help yourself buffet style - Cereals, fresh fruit, cold meats and cheeses, English breakfast, pastries etc etc - eat heartily !!Rooms, as most on the site say, are small by European standards but clean and tidy. New 18鈥?LCD flat panel TVs in the room, Tea and Coffee making facility, excellent (free) safe in the room. Ensuite was good 鈥?nice supply of hot water and good power from the showerOverall a good hotel, great location. Downstairs (reception, bar and dining room are more impressive than upstairs (rooms) Looks like there鈥檚 tons of websites offering room deals - my suggestion is shop around for the best rates but definitely go there.RecommendationsWell in 2 days you're not gonna get a lot done 鈥?took a boat trip 鈥?Canal Bus 鈥?very good - warm, pleasant and a great place to be if it's raining. Make sure you try a 鈥渞ijsttafel鈥?鈥?Indonesian meal consisting of anything from 10 to 30 samples of Indonesian dishes 鈥?Try Sarang Mas. Address is Rokin 84 ( www.sarangmas.nl) 鈧?7-32 per person 鈥?excellent place, superb ambience and food. Also try Rembrandt Corner of a beer and nibbles 鈥?Get off the Canal Bus at 鈥淟鈥?Waterloo Plein, turn left and it on your RHS just before the bridge. Great beers, great atmosphere and superb food. PS If you're staying at the Die Port try the Magna Plaza shopping mall next door - it has some great shops  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ORDtraverler
<Content>Great Location We booked this hotel per the reccomendation of a friend. Hotel has an excellent location. 10 minute fast walk from Central Station. Also, the KLM (Conexion) Airport bus stops here. Note: you must book your bus ride to the airport 2 hrs in advance and can buy tickets at the Lobby desk (12 euro). No need to use the trams, one can walk everywhere. Hint; when you exit the hotel, turn right and there is a full service supermarket one block up. You can also buy stamps at the service desk there for any postcards you may want to send to family or friends. Room and bathroom were clean, basic and no complaints. Ordered 2 hamburgers late one night after partying and they were awful. Avoid room service! Would consider staying here again but no air conditioning in summer!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stottyla
<Content>Don't let them send you to Sister Hotel  When we arrived at this hotel we were told that there was no room available for us. We had booked and paid for the room in full in August and were not advised prior to turning up at the hotel that they were overbooked. I was visiting Amsterdam with my sister and we had very carefully selected the hotel for it's central location. We were told that we would need to go to this hotel which was 'beautifull'. We asked where the hotel was located and told it was a 20 minute tram ride out towards the airport. We were furious and refused to go to the beautifull hotel. The Manager did not know what to do with us, we told him we wanted to stay in that particular area and would not go elsewhere. In the end he did arrange an alternative hotel The Amsterdam Rennaissance which was excellent. WARNINGIf this happens to you make sure that you refuse to go their sister hotel, apparently it is in a business district and a 10 minute walk to the tram before your journey into the city.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cleve001
<Content>Looking for a place to stay.....Not here... My girlfriend and I just returned from Amsterdam and stayed at this hotel.....Well, when we arrived the check in process was fast and the reception staff were very friendly. We went to our room and soon as we opened the door I was not impressed. The room was very small, musty and very out of date. The king size bed that we reguested was two singles put together. The couch was very old and had a slip cover on it and after lifting the cover up I knew why it was on...... No closet space to store your clothes. (if you don't mind living out of a suitcase then its ok..) and no bar fridge. I immediately went down to the front desk to see if we could get another room...After paying 25 euro a night we were upgraded to a guest suite... Room was a lot larger but with all the same characteristics as the first room... Room service...for get about it, our room was cleaned twice in the four nights that we stayed there. When it was cleaned the bed and washroom was the only thing cleaned..They did not restock coffee or give clean coffee cups as we had to wash them ourselves. Renting a movie will cost you 12.50 euro...We asked for a wake up call the morning that we were leaving for the airport and never received it.....We originally were going to book at the Swissotel and after going to see it we should have booked there.... Happy travels  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	5	2	-1	

<Author>icepanda
<Content>Check out the bar We booked a superior room through Expedia for 2 nights and got the third night free. The hotel is really centrally located and our room overlooked the edge of Dam Square. We stayed in room 321 and if staying again would request that room as I noticed a lot of the other rooms did not have so nice a view. The room was large and spacious on a split level which was a pleasant surprise as we had been told rooms in Amsterdam are generally small. A porter is available to take bags to your room. I would say if your room does not contain a fan like ours did to request one as the rooms get really warm in the morning. The bar which was the original Heineken Brewery is lovely and we drank there most nights (nake sure you bring plenty of money though)  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twist27
<Content>Great location I stayed in this hotel in jan 2007 for three nights, you could not wish for a better location, everything is within reasonable walking distance and for those who don't like to walk there is a tram stop directly outside the hotel. my room was small but clean with tv and tea + coffee making facilities and a safe big enough for a laptop. The bathroom was fine with a good shower. I did not eat in the restaurant as their is plenty of choice in amsterdam, the bar is expensive but a pleasant enough place to meet up or finnish the night. The staff were friendly and helpfull, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harrythedog
<Content>No complaints! Reading some of the other reviews after having already booked, my heart sank. But what a pleasant surprise! Even arriving late at night we found courteous, smiling staff and went up to find a clean, comfortable room in the heart of the city! What more do you want? Loved the in-room stereo system (courtesy of the flastcreen TV) too. Breakfast wasn't included in our rate so honestly can't comment on it. Bar prices above average, but not a place you'd spend a whole evening, anyway.We liked the place a lot and would certainly return here.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cweet1
<Content>Excellent, affordable hotel I stayed at the Die Port Van Cleve in May 2005 for a stag weekend.From start to finish the staff were courteous, friendly and professional.The room was a little small (it was one of the attic rooms) although some of the other people in our party reported being given much larger rooms on other floors. Besides the size, the room was perfectly acceptable for the price we were paying (all we really wanted was somewhere to sleep, after all).The bar was also very expensive, so I would advise going to the bars across the road where the drinks are much more reasonably priced.Overall, the hotel is clean, very central (just around the corner from Dam Square) and a cheap place to stay if you go for the offers on the hotel's own website.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>jpcheer25
<Content>Amsterdam's best location       desk area- nice tv!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>bethanny
<Content>better than expected Booked a mini break with my boyfriend. We decided to stay at Die Port Van Cleve as it sounded good and got 3 nights at a discounted rate in a standard double room. However on reading reviews on Trip Advisor prior to going wished we hadn't booked it. We were pleasantly surprised and relieved when we arrived to find a magnificent old building off Dam Square, friendly staff and a lovely, clean, comfortable room. We arrived mid-morning and were delighted to be able to go straight to the room instead of having to wait for it. The room was a good size, modern with flat screen tv, very comfortable beds and a good bathroom with large bath and shower. The room was quiet with sound-proofed windows. Breakfast at the hotel was well worth getting up for and the food served in the restaurant was amazing and reasonable value - the best steak in town! I can definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Windalicka
<Content>4 Star! Don't make me laugh!       Looks OK from the outside  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>nekobaby
<Content>Great location, nice hotel I stayed at Die Port van Cleve because my boyfriend was attending a conference in Amsterdam and this was where they booked us.I had read reviews prior to going and will say this one thing - while the hotel rooms do not have AC, it is important to note that most hotels/businesses fo not have AC. The weather was unseasonably hot and the hotel was nice enough to put a fan in the room. But the complaint about no AC is common in Amsterdam because AC is rare.That being said, the location was GREAT - right near shopping and the red light district. The hotel was the original Heineken brewery and the hotel bar was very cute. The staff were very helpful. I enjoyed my stay in Amsterdam and at Die Port van Cleve.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Whackend
<Content>Avoid at all costs !!!!! Visited Amsterdam many times and stayed in lots of different hotels but this is the worst. Dull, dowdy and disappointing. Thankfully we booked a superior room although plausible was in dire need of redecorating and refurbishment like the rest of the hotel. Our room was 320 which faced the front of the hotel and was so noisy we needed sleep for 2 nights although we couldn't sleep as we scratched and itched in our beds to discover on our return home we had been bitten all over by fleas so be warned. Breakfast - avoid. Cold like the coffee served. Staff only moved when spoken to although when you check out the porter is excellent with luggage storage and ordering your taxi for later. The rest of the staff could definitely learn form his efficiency unless he's trained to get you out quick so no -one hears you complain.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Matthew_benson83
<Content>Loved the Steaks Bought low cost flights and just turned up - walked all the way around Amsterdam - as January is the low season we were bound to find cheap good accommodation and definately found it here - 200 Euros for four nights between us - brilliant!!!The location of this hotel is excellent - right next to Dam Square - excellent - really close to everything you want to see!Hotel was clean/excellent location and good value for money -staff were friendly too.If I go back to Amsterdam I will do exactly the same again - just turn up and see what bargains can be got - really no need to book anything before you go.One piece of advice - when you get out of the main train station in Amsterdam - walk over the bridge - don't go left after the bridge looking for hotels (left = red light district (no nice hotels in there))Come out of the station and walk straight over the bridge and keep going straight after 5 minutes walk - you get to Dam Square - then find a hotel - there are lots of them to choose from.Should definatetly try eating in the hotel restaurant once - try the steak it is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>kittybroadway
<Content>no complaints here after i had booked a room at die port van cleve, i stumbled upon this website looking for other information on amsterdam and, after reading the reviews, i was extremely wary about what i was about to experience. however, i was happily suprised. my brother and i shared a discounted double room for 85 euros a night, not a bad price for central amsterdam. the staff was extremely helpful, friendly and was able to provide information and book pretty much any ticket that we needed during our stay. our room was comfortable, modern, clean and had free internet. perhaps slightly small, but this is europe and die port van cleve is in a historical building. what more can i say, i had a great time and our hotel stay was fantastic. i would highly recommend staying there.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Low Grade Rip Off We stayed in this so-called 4* hotel for the weekend at 250euro/per night. We were given an un-renovated room, strew with scuffed and broken mis-matching furniture and mold in the bathroom. On complaining we were offered a 50euro/night discount, which is more than the vlaue of the room in my view. Exceptionally disappointing with no redeeming features.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unhappy I stayed there with my boyfriend on 12th April till 15th April. We payed 415 euros for our stay there for a Superior Double room and this did not even include breakfast!On arrival we were shown a standard room that you could hardly move in. After compliaining we were shown two more rooms but they were still basic and not what we were promised on internet. We were told we could have an executive room at an extra cost, or be offered a room in their sister hotel near the Airport. On asking to see the manager, we were finally upgraded to the appropriate room. Even though there was a ghastly smell outside the room ( I think due to drainage problems) it did not spoil our holiday, as Amsterdam is lovely!! On our next visit we will not be staying there, as there are much more cheaper places around the centre.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andy-Devon
<Content>No Prob's The Die Port van Cleve is a 10 minute walk from Centraal Station and 2 minutes walk to Dam Square. Can't ask for better than that.During our visit, (for our 25th wedding) we had to put up with big road works outside the hotel.The room was small but very clean, abit dated? room cleaned every date, food and service very nice. We paid 拢178 for two nights not the best value in the world,(I once stayed in the Omni Rosa for 拢200 for seven days)but Amsterdam is not a cheap city.Room not ready at 2pm but what the hell, we went for a few beers. Don't complian, chill out and enjoy Amsterdam its a great place, you only live once.I really enjoyed my visit To Die Port van Cleve, but then I had good company which helps.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed! I have stayed in Amsterdam many times and in many different hotels and this was by far the worst - especially for a supposed 4 Star!I had booked a special online deal of 鈧?9 per night and it seems that the hotel keeps the terrible rooms for these deals!The standard double room was the smallest double I have ever stayed in and was also the coldest - so cold in fact that when I went into the bathroom my socked feet left condensation marks on the tiles!The tv packed up half way through the evening and the room service took some time in coming!Would not care to stay here again, however good the deal seems - I have stayed in much nicer 3 Star hotels which are just as central.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star!! I agree with some of the comments posted here - got acheap deal through last minute but it was a dissapointment- half the rooms face a very drab corridor with an antiquated lift ( mind your fingers!) whill the other half is run- down 80's decor.Rooms ok except that we were facing the lightwell, and the noise of the air conditioning kept us awake most of the night. Would have expected post tolietries in a 4 star but had to put up with bolt on shower stuff- Also beds were two singles which means we couldnt sleep together! Ah well you live and Learn!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>texasdoc01
<Content>It IS DEFINITELY as bad as the reviews say The location is outstanding and the lobby is attractive. Nothing else meets even Motel 6 standards. The rooms are tiny, dirty, worn. My bathroom stank of mildew and urine and the carpet was stained. Furniture looked like worn out Wal Mart particle board stuff from the 1980s. Climate control consists of a radiator and a table fan. This is no 4 star hotel; maybe 1.5 at most.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>scan
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel Just returned from a three day stay at this hotel, rated a 4 star it's nearer an average 3 star. The location is great and to be fair you don't spend to much time in your room, which I have to agree with previous comments, a bit tired looking. The bathroom although small had a good shower  hairdryer and was clean.There was also tea  coffee facities in room as there was a free safe.There was the normal T.V. channels you get in most hotels with bbc1  itv an added bonus + the pay channels.I have to disagree with some comments on the breakfast,I found it more than adequate and set us up for the day,various cerials, mixed fruit the usual cold meat  cheese selection,scrambled  boiled eggs, bacon (proper bacon)sausage,large tomatoes with cheese melted over them, also beans. The apperance of the rooms do let the hotel down  I think that alone loses them that star. If you look around on the net you can get a good rate including breakfast(as I did,try otel or octopus)would use this hotel again if I could get the same rate.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Klassic
<Content>Not what I expected Went early 2006. Have to say this hoel is still not people will be expecting when booking a 4* hotel.The front of house is presented very well and high expectations when checking in but once you reach your room you will be disappointed.The website gives a very poor indication of what the rooms are like but a clue is the fact the website has not ben updated since 2004 by looks of it.Please not the website does not show pictures of a standard room.Got a very good deal on last minute and would not pay more than 拢50 a night for this place.Room has no air conditioning, is smallish, tired looking and just a run down feel to it. The bathroom and shower were okay with the shower both hot and powerful.Service does not seem to matter to the general staff and I would reinforce the point that if you are not up early use the 'do not disturb' sign as the cleaning satff often enter without knocking :-)The staff in the attached bar though are very nice.Also if you do get a deal check whetehr breakfast is included - we didn't and it wasn't but by sounds of it no great loss.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not As Bad As The Reviews Make Out Stayed at this Hotel over 3 nights with my girlfriend over Christmas Day.Had read all the reviews after already buying my ticket. Felt awful as all reviews were so bad and had got this trip as a surprise for my girlfriend.Really not as bad as it was made out. Rooms were cosy, clean and bathrooms to match. Room service was quick and huge purportions of food if bought before 23:00.Traditional style of hotel and attached pub/bar really unique and added a lovely touch to the atmosphere of Amsterdam.We got a real good deal cost wise, so that was a positive slant, so if you can get this at a price cheaper than most then I would go for it.The location speaks for itself and is easily the main selling point. I would go return to Die Port Van Cleve  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh Dear Small, dark, dingy bedrooms. We got a good deal on the net but suffered greatly with the accommodation offered. We moved room after the first night which was an improvement due to its window and you could walk round the bed!! Spent as much time out as to avoid spending time in the room. Hotel bar was good - as long as you are happy drinking on your own!! Next time will consider a 3 star and paying the same rate, as i think 4 stars just over-rate themselves  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Die Port Van Cleven Rooms were atrocious. Huge stains on worn-out carpet. Small hanging rack (the only one) broken in closet. Furniture looked like it had been picked up from the street. Pants press falling off wall. View out bedroom window to filthy gutters less than 10 inches from the open window (which barely opened, and of course no A/C). Blinds all bent in bathroom and one set had no rod to open or close. Bathroom windows screwed shut. And this was our second, upgraded room as the first room had a used, unclean toilet. Maid service was efficient. 2 lifts. One broken all 3 days, the other nonfunctional 1-day. And we were in room 425. To be fair, the furniture in the lobby was little better than the furniture in our room. We did have a very good rate through Utell, but were unable to have a double bed as requested through Utell. Reception said this was our fault, as we did not contact the hotel directly. This hotel carried a 4 star rating. I can鈥檛 imagine why.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a good deal We just returned from Amsterdam. We booked a sister-hotel, the hotel Artemis but since it was overbooked, we were transferred to Die Port van Cleve. They assured us that this also was a 4*hotel, but it was everything but that.It stank in the room; the rooms weren't clean (!!! - something I do care about a lot), the hotel was screaming for a redecoration. The staff was very young (maybe only during holiday periods?) and not well trained.Breakfast was awfull; there wasn't enough sitting room and one had to wait half an hour before coffee was served. Indeed the location was good, but I like a clean room after a day of walking.I would suggest hotel Krasnapolsky, also lying on the dam, which is only a little bit more expensive.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>someone stole me I was there with my wife for two days. The room was very small, of course not like the photo, dirty and no minibar. Someone stole my perfum from the room, and when i asked to the staff, they told me to ask the day we day we leave to make me a discount. That day just one hour before leaving amsterdam, they told me that the hotel never take care about objets in the room, and  I just can go to the police. I麓ve been 5 times in amsterdam, and i have never seen something like this.last visit on August, 2005.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jackiecollins
<Content>AVOID THIS PLACE, what a disgrace!!! in april of this year my parents came to visit me in holland.as they have never been to amsterdam,i wanted to make the visit a very special one.as mums not too good on her feet,wanted a very central hotel.saw this on the internet,it looked the business.booked them in for two nights....when we got to the hotel the location was great....then we booked in,we had booked a three bed room as my daughter was staying with them.when we got in the lift all looked great,once we got to our floor and got out of the lift,we knew we had messed up BIG style!!!the grubby walls and general scruffy feal.if that wasnt bad enough,the room was so old and worn,the bedding all faded,the noise from outside was so loud....just need to warn people,all is not what it seems on the photos on line!!!jackie holland  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel perfect location we have just returned from a 3 night break the hotel is clean and staff freindly locatiion is great and ideal base for all the attractions everything within walking distance but the trams all stop in front of the hotel would stay here again prime location!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sarah0000
<Content>Ok, room not as expected but location fantastic Booked this hotel for a five day break through expedia, mainly based on the description and picture of their superior room. The first room we were offered was tiny and dark, staff quickly offered us the only other room available which was a modest improvement. Both rooms were much smaller than example room on expedia (although we did expect the pic to be of thier best room) and neither had the promised seating area. We paid 拢81 per night and were gald we had paid no more as that would have been dissapointing!! As said by other reviewers if you get a good price and are preapred to accept this hotels little failings it is in a fantastic location for enjoying all Amsterdam has to offer. We found the room clean (if not in need of some refurbishment), comfortable (but on the small side) and quiet and the staff were helpful.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4*? I don't think so I booked two rooms here for two nights in this so called 4* hotel and this is what i got:I managed to get two adjacent rooms which in hindsight seemed like the best thing they did for me. however, one room seemed to be much larger than the other, noticeable by the fact that one of the rooms included a large standing fan and three seats while the other included just one seat as there isn't enough room really for another and no fan. Being about 30 degrees in the summer, no fan is a problem, especially as this 4* has no air conditioning!Among the other problems included an assortment of lights not working in both rooms, and in one of the rooms the switch for the shower/bath was broken too.As other reviews have also said, the non-restriction of the pay-per-view was also very annoying.Overall i think the location was fantastic, but service and quality certainly aren't 4 star, so perhaps better deals can be had in amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>summers_slayer
<Content>Perfect Minibreak Hotel The Die Port Van Cleve is an excellent hotel. I stayed here from 17th 鈥?20th June 2005 and while the room was a little small, which I鈥檓 finding is usual for Europe, the bedroom and the bathroom were both spotless. There wasn鈥檛 a view, but I was hardly in the hotel, so it wasn鈥檛 a missed necessity.The hotel staff were very friendly and advised me on the little day to day things that no-one wants to admit they don鈥檛 know, like how to buy tram tickets, how to get to certain places and you can book a large variety of tours at reception as well.A few tips would be:1. The hairdryer is awful, so if you鈥檝e long hair, bring your own.2. There were only 4 hangers in a double room, but if you call reception, they鈥檒l bring you more up.3. The double bed was 2 singles pushed together so be careful you don鈥檛 fall down the middle.4. If you鈥檙e not an early riser, put the 鈥楧o Not Disturb鈥?sign on as housekeeping will be knocking on your door any time after 8am. Then change it to the 鈥楥lean Room鈥?side when you leave so you don鈥檛 miss out on getting your fresh towels.5. It was a little warm as the room had no air conditioning, but you can open the windows and if there鈥檚 not already one there, you can request a fan from reception.6. The bar is gorgeous and again has very friendly staff, but drinks are a little pricey so stop at O鈥橰eillys round the corner if you fancy a cheap nightcap. Come out of the hotel, turn right and its near the corner of the 1st street on your right.7. I got a last minute deal so didn鈥檛 have breakfast, but again O鈥橰eillys was great for a fry-up, but the hotel restaurant while quiet was pretty fancy and again spotless.The location was fantastic. It is 3 minutes walk from Dam Square, 5 minutes from the Damrak, (where you鈥檒l find the great pub, Taras Irish Bar) 10 minutes from Red Light District and about 15 minutes from Leidesplein, which is great to walk through but a bit of a tourist trap with food and drink prices! I have read some not so great reviews about this hotel, but I found it brilliant value for money, but I wouldn鈥檛 pay full price for it, so do check around for a deal.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markas101
<Content>Fantastic Location, Above Average Hotel For the price this hotel is great for a weekend getaway. Perhaps not 4 star (as the debate rages) but how many 4 star hotels are available in the centre of an amazing city for $150 USD per night. The rooms were small but if you're going to hang out in your room then go to Gent! The breakfast buffett looked amazing but was too steep for me. There is coffee in the room and a fantastic bakery around the corner. Add in the 10 minute walk from the railway station and all in all a very good weekend.'  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JE-Whatever
<Content>fine as long as you know what to expect No, it's not a 4-star hotel. But if you can get a decent deal on a room, it's got a great location and is just fine. Our room was clean, we got fresh towels etc. every day, and the bathroom was quite nice. Breakfast was fine if not outstanding, and we decided to pay for the convenience. Tips: ask for an interior room. It's not right up against the street, so it's a little quieter. No view, but it seemed like a decent tradeoff since I don't usually gaze out the window of my hotel room while on vacation. Also, we found we had to wedge the window open (it swings open) when we left or the window would close and the room would get stuffy. To sum up: I'd stay there again if the price was right. Overall, we liked the place, but having already visited TripAdvisor, we knew not to expect 4 star accommodations.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately not a 4 Star Hotel Stayed in June 2005 - Upon arrival we were given a room which was in an annex to the hotel, although it was small, clean, warm and basic there was a damp smell and the room looked directly into another hotel room window. Noise was constant but expected because of the location. Our rooms were not cleaned on a daily basis and beware of the 'excellent deal for pizza' at night costing 5 euros - which turns into 25 euros because of the service charge. Positives: Good location, friendly staff. Negatives: too expensive for what we got.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fredXIII
<Content>Is it a 4 stars hotel ? I've been there for 2 nights in May.The staff was very nice and young, very helpful. The room vas not very clean and we are still asking ourselves why we never had any shampoo or anything in our bathroom. the hotel needs new paints, the corridors and rooms look so old.The continental brreakfast was all right.The location is downtown, near Dam place. Ask for a room behind and not in front of the noisy street.I wouldn't like to talk about pay per view but I have too. 13 鈧?for a few minutes, no preview, and no adult control !! Very disapointed about it.certainly wouldn't go in this hotel again. Expensive for the service we had.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelotta
<Content>small drywall room I stayed here in 2003 and didn't book until we got into the city. Usually I will only book a 4 or 5 star, but was with a budget conscious friend so we did this 3 star. The rooms in the pictures didn't resemble the room we were given and I was very disappointed. It was super small, the bathroom was tiny and old with cracked tile floor. I will not stay here again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless it was super cheap and they didn't have as high of standards.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, Good Food We got a special rate via Internet, otherwise I'd say the room was a little small for the price. However, it was comfortable, with spotless bathroom. The trams outside were a little noisy, but given the central location, excusable. Desk staff were all extremely helpful, restaurant food excellent (the traditional pea soup deserves a special mention) and staff good. The staff serving breakfast were all very young and would probably benefit from a little more training, but we were certainly not ignored, unlike one other client's comment I've seen on this web site. We would certainly return.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Brilliant Locaction I stayed here in Feb 05. We got a great deal on the internet. The best think about this hotel is that it is literally 5 mins from everything. Dam square is less than 30 seconds away from the door step and Anne Franks house is just around the corner. Ok the hotel isn't what i would say a four star hotel would be like back home, but its great if you are only using it as a place to rest at night. If i was going to go back to amsterdam i would def stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location-avoid breakfast The location is superb and the rooms Ok but avoid breakfast. Despite having a sign saying please wait here to be seated they totally ignore all guests,fail to find you a clean table,lack any organisation or management and food is replenished only by guests indicating there are no items left and complaining. They then replenish one item at a time.Staff never apologise for poor service which seems to suggest its a regular occurrence.Overall a three star hotel with a one star breakfast.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad This hotel is in a great location for pretty much everything in the Dam. The staff were fine and unless you're like Waldorf Salad man they'll probably be ok with you too. Got upgraded from a single room to a double which was nice but the double was quite small so God knows what the single was like. The cheaper rooms are in the middle of the hotel and face inwards so unlike some even cheaper hotels you don't get a nice view to gaze out of the window at which in a city like Amsterdam is something you really need to do for at least half an hour. The bathroom was tiny, tatty, windowless and the extractor fan didn't work. The walls were so thin you could hear your next door neighbour so take some earplugs. However it's not all bad, again the location is fantastic and bearing in mind this is Amsterdam you get porno on the TV and they provide a Bible to skin up on.  In all it's somewhere to get your head down and you won't have to walk to far to get back to it which will probably be a good job.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Great location, the people at the desk were helpful. Our room and bathroom was very large but noisy because we were in front and the trams ran practically all night. Our rate included breakfast buffet in the dining room and it was quite nice!!! We will certainly return again!!!! The room number was 325.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be Fooled by the Star Rating I booked this hotel at a great discount (70 euros/night) through an online website.It was a 4 star hotel.The location is next to none. You are right in the center if amsterdam, and a step outside the doors is a tram line. You can easily walk, or use transportation.The rooms were very nice as well. Clean, and nice washrooms.However, the concierge and bell hop were not so pleasant. Beware.If you can get a good rate on this hotel, I'd book it. You'll love the location. But don't expect 4 stars. It's more like 2 or 3 stars, which is also acceptable.Note, the pub downstairs is beautiful, with lots of old dark wood and great decoration. I rated this hotel as 'ok' because they don't seem to care so much about their guests. Maybe they are too big. It's that feeling you get that no one really cares that makes the difference to me. That's the reason for my rating.I'd only recommend this hotel if you could get a rate as low or lower than the one I got. Otherwise you are better off to stay somewhere cheaper, and you'll probably find the same service.There is a lift as we as a very nice upscale restaurant. Again, it's all about location. Don't be fooled by the Stars.Enjoy your time in Amsterdam!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was freaking sweet for the price, this is the place to stay in amsterdam. we found that taxis were completely useless in this town from the location unless traveling to the museum district. the hotel was awesome, sweet location in dam square, the breakfast was pretty good for 12 euro, basic bacon eggs and everything else expected, with wonderful orange juice. it was so refreshing to arrive and have a nice welcome and a room key all ready for me to go. the location is very close to the redlight district, all of the coffea shops, beautiful canals and 5 minute walk from the train station, this place receives my highest regards, stay here  
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice People I stayed at this hotel in 1999 and this February 2004. The hotel has been totally renovated first, but they still have a problem with their elevator - for some reason. The staff at the desk are very nice, the room was good for the 99 Euros but needs more lighting. The location is perfect. Avoid using their internet computer in the lobby, it costs 9 euros per 30 minutes. I appreciated that the staff behind the desk indicated to me how to go to an internet cafe very close to the hotel for a cheaper internet service. The reason I like this hotel is because the staff are candid and nice. I remember in 1999, for my first time in Amsterdam, the person behind the desk went out of her way to help with directions. She was even very candid about pocket picking in amsterdam and was warning all guests on check-in about the problem.  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Port van Cleve - Location Location Location We stayed at this hotel Feb 04. It was very well located for Dam Square, Red Light District and Trams to all other areas. Trams are brilliant and easy to use. The hotel was adequate but not very bright - in fact our room was VERY dark. The satff were great and the service was okay but the numbered steak deal is bit of a con. They just ask a machine to print out a ticket which we had to ASK for several times. Not worth the money for a sample of steak either, though very nice. Would stay there again for the right price but only because the Locaton was so good.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gordongecko
<Content>Good location, but not really a 4* I used tripadvisor extensively before finally booking a room in this hotel for 2 nights in early March (Sat and Sun). I found the cheapest rate on the internet - calling hotels directly I was quoted higher prices even when I told them I could get a cheaper rate through the net. Strange.The Die Port Van Cleve's greatest asset is it's location. Very close to Dam Sq and a 5-10min walk to Central Station (get the train from Schipol for 3.10 euros and then walk to the hotel. As long as you don't have huge suitcases it's easy). Everything is close by and accessible. The tram stops right outside but almost everywhere is walkable. I think this location is better than hotels around Central Station, which are further away from the main sites. The room was clean and comfortable and serviced by the maid after our first night. The staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful. We didn't eat at the hotel.On the negative side I thought the overall standard of the hotel was more like a 3* than a 4* and consequently it was overpriced, but that may be a problem with most hotels in Amsterdam. The room was very small - just enough space for a double bed and a wardrobe. Also the roof was sloping so there was little head room in places! The hotel decor in areas besides the reception is quite old and somewhat beat up, almost musty looking. The bathroom was very very small. When sitting on the toilet there was about 3 inches of space from my knee to the wall. The shower went from hot to cold regularly and wasn't powerful.Overall I would probably go back because of its location. If you are there for a weekend it's great. By no means a bad hotel, but definitely not a great one either  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baker24
<Content>Brilliant location I stayed at the hotel last week for 3 nights and I have to agree with the previous 2 reviews. It is not half as bad as the other's have made out. We too booked a 3 day special through a well known travel website and we were v.impressed with what we paid for. We had an easy check in, the staff were friendly, rooms cleaned and towels changed everyday. The beds were slightly uncomfortable but that was about the only fault. The bathroom was spotless and the power shower was lovely!Brilliant location! Within walking distance to everything and you have trams and taxis right outside the door of the hotel.If I was to go back I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marie
<Content>Great Location Like the previous person, I was anxious that I had made a mistake in booking the Van Cleve because of all the other posts but it wasnt nearly as bad as they've said. We stayed there for 4 nights last week and my two friends and I agreed that we would definitely stay there again. O.K., it's not the lap of luxury but we had an extra single bed added to a twin room and we still had an adequate amount of space. We didnt eat in the restaurant but did have a couple of snacks in the bar which were great, especially the Platter of Delight. The lift was a disaster - one was out of order for the duration of our stay but fixed as we were checking out. It's definitely the slowest thing I've ever come across. As for location, well, it's fantastic. Dam Square is only a few steps away and there is a tram stop outside the door so we got to try out lots of nice restaurants (www.indewaag.nl is well worth checking out). Would have no qualms about staying there again  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No need to worry....   showReview(1620377, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good views, d=great views, iffy rooms   showReview(1276818, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hostel level service at 4 star prices   showReview(1258396, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gooserocker
<Content>excellent   showReview(982188, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The rooms are middens..   showReview(925678, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent Location   showReview(923281, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sadly lacking in "wow" factor..   showReview(861538, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great City   showReview(861060, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phoenix123
<Content>Not worth it   showReview(849961, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dac67
<Content>very comfortable   showReview(740942, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aeg08
<Content>Hotel centrale!!!       L'hotel  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Emball茅   showReview(20550263, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bcntraveller32
<Content>INFECCI脫N POR CULPA DE LAS GARRAPATAS   showReview(19679581, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel charmant   showReview(19637036, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>viajera80m
<Content>Como un cuento!!   showReview(19291285, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Flaviettaz
<Content>Posizione prfetta ma attenzione   showReview(18337639, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il manque un frigo :)   showReview(18534980, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Asturiano_pro
<Content>Lo peor de lo peor, me ha estropeado unas vacaciones   showReview(17759681, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(18534986, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(18534979, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(17430105, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mauvais rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(17430093, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport positionnement - prix   showReview(17430092, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le meilleur h么tel d'amsterdam   showReview(17430094, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pubblicit脿 falsa   showReview(16589657, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne surprise   showReview(16589656, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>starcluster01
<Content>Decisamente mediocre   showReview(16483229, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Centralissimo   showReview(16589655, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3 stelle e mezzo   showReview(16589654, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un 茅crin qui peut d茅cevoir   showReview(16589653, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bien situ茅   showReview(15565642, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel, tr猫s bien situ茅.   showReview(15565640, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u sans vraiment de charme   showReview(15565639, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ist das wirklich ein 4 Sterne Hotel?   showReview(14727125, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons 莽a c'est sur!   showReview(14727122, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nie wieder hier her Aussen hui Innen pfui   showReview(14727121, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel tr猫s bien   showReview(13190048, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne pour l'emplacement dans amsterdam   showReview(13190047, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u par l'茅cart entre la qualit茅 du service d'acceuil et l'arriv茅e dans la chambre   showReview(13190043, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccelente scelta! ! !   showReview(13190042, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne 脿 condition de changer de chambre   showReview(13190041, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brugalizado
<Content>Para lo que hay en amsterdam, un hotel excelente       Panoramica de la habitacion  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BON RAPPORT QUALITE PRIX   showReview(11301367, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ist KEIN 4-Stern Hotel   showReview(11301366, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel centralissimo struttura vecchia non all'altezza della sua categoria   showReview(11301365, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice place in need for some redecorations   showReview(11301364, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mai stata cosi bene   showReview(11662002, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il livello di comfort non 猫 adeguato al prezzo pagato   showReview(11662001, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚ne Lage aber viel zu teuer   showReview(11440746, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jaume10
<Content>Sucio y una porqueria de hotel   showReview(8435708, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bruillant mais emplacement id茅al au centre de la ville.   showReview(11440728, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marita74Valencia
<Content>Sucisimo y destartalado hotel   showReview(8025129, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Port van Cleve - super Lage, aber das war es schon.   showReview(11425520, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage - Ziemlich Teuer   showReview(11425467, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r eine Nacht, ja   showReview(11425464, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zaloa
<Content>Si vais tres en una misma habitaci贸n, no vayais, hay plegatin   showReview(7008894, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11399117, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Egeki
<Content>Correcto y bien situado   showReview(6893905, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, qualit藛 di un 3 stelle   showReview(11383341, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅莽ue   showReview(11360143, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un coll猫gue est venu 茅galement dans cet hotel sur mes conseils   showReview(11350715, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rien 脿 voir avec un h么tel 4 茅toiles   showReview(11350713, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super s茅jour   showReview(11350707, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une adresse confortable 脿 essayer   showReview(11332330, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mauvais rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11332304, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇壊銈娿伀銇兓銉汇兓   showReview(19155134, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇湞椋熴伅銇欍仈銇忋亰...   showReview(19925593, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝銇偡銉ｃ儓銉儛...   showReview(19920097, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛椼伄涓績銇珛鍦般仐銇︺亰...   showReview(19919180, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐜嬪銇鎵嬨仹绔嬪湴鏉′欢...   showReview(19917647, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

