<Author>ayorkshirelass
<Content>Excellent We have stayed in many hotels in London but this one has got to be the best. What more can I say it was excellent in every way especially the very freindly professional staff, will definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ciderpup
<Content>Impeccable Experience at the Milestone I have waited a bit to write this review, because I wanted all of my thoughts about The Milestone to synthesize before I merely gushed ceaselessly.Having travelled and stayed in every major brand luxury hotel, e.g., Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, St. Regis, etc., I have never had as uniformly wonderful experience as we enjoyed at The Milestone.First, we were upgraded to a Master Suite as an absolute surprise. We did not ask for an upgrade, and we did not expect an upgrade. A tremendous first impression.Second, one expects at 500 pound plus per night that the staff will be courteous, welcoming, and helpful. However, the staff at The Milestone, from reception, the concierge staff, the butler staff, the dining room staff, to housekeeping was exceptional. Each knew the name of every member of my family within an hour of the commencement of our stay.Third, the physical condition of the property is maintained in a meticulous way. No paint chipped, no curtains frayed, no questionable linens. Everything is in perfect shape.Fourth, the location is difficult to beat. Hyde Park and Kensington Palace are steps away. High Street Kensington and its shopping are steps away, and the tube stop is a four minute walk.Fifth, unlike almost every other property, the Red Carnation Group (which owns/operates The Milestone) gets that when someone is spending a great deal on a hotel, it is galling to get nickled and dimed or, I suppose, five-penced and ten-penced for things that should be included as an amenity, such as free internet access in-room and in the common areas, free business services, free electric converters, free computer loan, and complimentary canapes and drinks each evening. These things are all part of one's stay at The Milestone. Though small, all of these touches make one's stay so much more relaxing. Finally, we travelled with our son. Many properties (and restaurants) tolerate children and little more. The staff at The Milestone treated our son just like we treat him: as an actual person, with his own likes and dislikes, his own opinions, his own sense of humor, and his own personality. He is a very well-travelled 9 year old, having been to more countries already than I had been to by 30; but his stay was even more uniquely wonderful than ours, and unparalleled in all of our hotel stays as a family. Though this review is lengthy, it merely scratches the surface of the excellence that is The Milestone. I cannot imagine staying at another property while in London, and I hope I never have to. Moreover, this was our first stay at a Red Carnation property. I will now seek them out.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pepsiKentEngland
<Content>Excellent Just returned from a short overnight stay at the Milestone Hotel London. I must say how friendly, helpful and efficient the staff were. My husband had surprised me with a theatre trip and an overnight stay in London for my birthday. We had a great time made extra nice by the hotel staff. We were met on our arrival by a man called Terry who was very helpful, who showed us all around the hotel. Our room was lovely, immaculate, spacious and comfortable. We had breakfast in the restuarant which I must say the scrambled egg was the best I had ever tasted!! Again the staff were brilliant. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting quality and comfort with a great atmosphere. I would certainly return in the future.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScoutIV
<Content>Loved Apartment One Everything was exactly as described on the hotel website. Wonderful accomodations and fantastic service. I can't speak highly enough of the friendly and helpful staff. It really did feel like our own home during our stay. The private entrance was especially appreciated and the location of the hotel really made us feel safe. We stayed for 10 nights and after a day full of sight-seeing and walking, it was a true pleasure to walk through the door and relax in front of the fireplace. We spent three days in Paris and the hotel was gracious enough to keep a huge piece of luggage for us so we didn't need to mail it back early. This was our first trip to London and I spent three weeks researching hotels before deciding on the Milestone. I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else on my return. I made a point of finding some of the hotels I had considered (The Dorchester, The Stafford, etc.) and it just confirmed that I had picked the BEST!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cakejacksonville
<Content>A charming and cozy hotel! Wonderful hotel, great room, very comfortable bed, super room ameniities, good breakfast and outstanding service. Great massage at the spa!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>judi666
<Content>Wonderful! We stayed here for 4 days precruise in early August. It was really one of the best hotel experiences we have had anywhere (and we travel quite a bit).We arrived early and were not only allowed to check in but were upgraded to the fabulous Safari Suite. The attention to detail from all the staff is over the top, I am amazed that anyone would give this beautiful hotel 3 stars!The breakfasts were divine and the high tea quite an experience for SoCal folks. NO request was to small to be handled promptly and with grace, We did not have dinner or a drink in the bar (although it was very charming).The area is close to the tube, various museums, Hyde Park, Kensington Palace (across the street). Lots of shopping in the neighborhood. We did a very nice package on Luxury Link and it was worth every penny twice over. Believe all the wonderful things you read in the reviews and treat yourself to a fantastic holiday. You will be treated like royalty!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wytahbucks
<Content>The Best Hotel I Have Stayed In . . .By A Mile!!! This hotel had my boyfiend and I so impressed, we still talk about it! We had a concert at the Royal Albert Hall wich was a 5 minute walk from the hotel (it's situated on the same road!!) and with the perfect position, opposite the park it was iddylic.From the moment we arrived we had a warm greeting and noticed all of the fresh, signiture red carnations. They were in the lift, our room, on the room service trays and in every member of staff's button holes. Lovely touch.Our room was split level on the second floor and was very cosy. All the little 'extras' you could imagine putting into a room, they did. Stationery, slippers, extra towels and the smelly's were gorgeous.We only spent one night here, didn't see the bar or use the restaurant or pool but we did order room service after our concert. We got into the big fluffy robes and endulged in the best meal we have ever had, lemon gougons followed by the most incredible cheescake ever. Breakfast was room service too and again, to die for!A recent visit to a West End show took us to The Montague On The Gardens, a hotel in the Red Carnation Group and we were so dissappointed it was unbelievable. We only stayed there as it was closer to the show but wish we hadn't as it ruined our stay, so Milestone all the way next time.We plan to go back next year on the same date as it was a special one and the hotel paid a huge personal part in that.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Simon66Uk
<Content>WOW Oh WOW!!!! My partner booked this as a surprise. We stayed in a fabulous room with a four poster bed and a wonderfully luxurious feel. (I think it was the Tudor suite?) I almost wished it were winter so we could have lit the fire and sat in the snug area! Terry the butler was a great guide to the hotel and the local area. He was entertaining as well as informative. We went down to the bar for pre-dinner drinks, Daniel the barman was so welcoming and Stephan offered us Champagne It's Champagne day every day at the Milestone!! .... Just fantastic and lovely nibbles, I would have been happy to have stayed in the bar all night.  Dinner in Cheneston's was a wonderful experience, what a lovely setting. I have never felt so important and special, and not just how my partner treated me! Zana was lovely, she treated as like royalty as did all the staff. The meal was truly a treat. I started with the Endive, Gruyere and Pancetta terrine which was delicious (I could have had it again for my main course!!), but instead went for the Pot Roast Dover sole which was out of this world. Unfortunately I was so full I couldn't manage a dessert, but did steal a mouthful of Simon's souffl茅....... oh my goodness. And Thomas made sure we had excellent wines with each course and we even convinced us to have cognac with our coffee in the lounge. I could get used to this! Breakfast was calm and again the quality of the food and service was near perfect. I can鈥檛 thank the staff enough for making our very short break so memorable and special and I can't describe how much I loved the Milestone, I can't wait to return ~ I just might even arrange a girls night for dinner. I am sure Stephan, Thomas and Daniel would make it another great night!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TownhouseNorfolk
<Content>English hospitality at its best Someone asked me to recommend a hotel in London and I started to tell them about the Milestone. Having stayed there, and at the time not having thought to put a review on the net, I realised what a great impression it had made on us and what a unique experience it was.Recalling the great welcome, fantastic location, outstanding attention to detail and superb customer care I though I really should let people know what a unique experience it was. The hotel is wonderful, situated opposite Kensington Gardens near to some of the best shops in the world and superbly decorated throughout I don't think you can better it!If you have the time, you really must take afternoon tea. Its in a class of its own! Don't hesitate to stay here. You will be looked after by some superb staff in a great hotel and I guarantee it's an experience you will recall with pleasure for many years to come.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Abulfatih
<Content>Not a five star hotel I really don't know who writes these reviews. I have been to many hotels around the world and this is certainly not a five star hotel!First of all when we entered the hotel, the floor was squeaking, first time for me in the hotel experience. When we entered our room I gave the man who accompanied us a big tip and told him to empty the mini-bar which he promised to do but didn鈥檛, in fact I never saw him again during our stay.The room was very small for the price we paid which was 550$ a night! and seeing that this hotel is very small by itself I don鈥檛 know how it got a five start rating! Maybe a five star in the small hotel category.The curtains and the bed covering all smelled nasty like they never been washed before and when I tried to take a shower, the shower head fell on me!! And then when I tried to turn the sink faucet one of its parts dropped in my hand!To add to my surprise, the bed was very small!! A queen size which was only about 4 feet wide which barley was enough for me and my wife, we each had 2 feet to sleep in! you cannot turn in this bed unless you want to find yourself on the floor and you wouldn鈥檛 want that seeing that there are some ants on it!!One plus thing to say about the hotel is that the staff was very friendly, but wouldn鈥檛 you expect that from a five star hotel anyway? Actually I am used to very friendly staff in 3 star hotels in other parts of the world.Overall, it is a good location to stay in, very safe and quite with lots of shopping areas and Kensington park just across the street, if you have enough money, it is better go for the bigger rooms.One last thing, we stayed in room 401, please avoide it!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>squarebreather
<Content>Superb Hotel I stayed at the Milestone with my sister last month as a birthaday treat to coincide with a matinee trip to the theatre. I never imagined that it would be the highlight of the trip.The room was outstanding and was much larger than I had expected and over looked Kensington Palace which thrilled us. Neil on reception was efficient and courteous, and ordered us a tray of tea to be sent to the room, complete with delicious cookies, by a lovely chap called Paul.We decided on an early supper then bed but this didn,t go as planned as we had such a good time. We ate at about 8pm and had Chicken Pot Pie and Chopped Aberdeen Angus steak and they were outstanding . We'd had nibbles in the bar served to us by a lovely guy (maresh?) and we glad we hadn,t ordered a starter. The wine waiter was knowledgeable and attentive , and I wish I could remeber the name of the wine he recommended so that I could order it again! We squeezed in dessert and it very moreish, and didn't manage to get bed till gone 11pm, we had such a good time. After a comfortable night we were sad to leave and are trying to plan our next visit, at the very least to have Sunday Lunch as a special treat.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FortyFiveNewYork
<Content>The most outstanding Hotel in the UK This hotel is fabulous, the location, the rooms and the food. But the service is first class. Terry the butler made our stay so special and Gavin on concierge went out of his way to arrange a personal itinerary so we got to see all the sights of this great city. Everyone made our trip to London very special - we were treated like royalty. Their afternoon tea is the best in London. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LPH1
<Content>Superb!! Stayed at the Milestone in August and had the best experience for a very long time. We travel frequently and visit London often and wanted to try the Milestone. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of Kensington and overlooking the beautiful Kensington Gardens. We arrived and the first thing you notice is how wonderful the staff are, they are genuinely friendly and seemed to really care about us. From the doorman to the gentleman who gave us a guided tour and offered us a complimentary glass of champagne, to the ladies who serviced our room, everyone just couldn't do enough for us. Our room was beautifully decorated, I believe newly refurbished as well, room 502 with a lovely four poster bed. The room was spotlessly clean and the evening turn down service was superb - every day you get a different surprise waiting on your pillow! We had breakfast every day which was very good, all cooked to order and we particularly liked the way the Manager recommended certain dishes to try every morning -a nice touch! We also had dinner on one evening and found the service to be impeccable and the food very, very good. The menu seems to focus on genuine comfort food with a bit of pizzazz, well complimented by a great wine service. We had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. All in all a great hotel experience, not cheap but you would not expect any less from a hotel of this calibre. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oceanographer
<Content>OK - friendly but not efficient We booked to stay one night as a birthday treat for my partner. There were various personal reasons why we chose the Milestone and our expectations were high. The service was friendly, though not always efficient. We had a Junior suite which overlooked the park at the front of the hotel which was a lovely outlook, and whilst not quiet wasn't as noisy as many complain of - this is central London! Our room wasn't ready on arrival so we did have to wait in the pleasant lounge. The room was fun, with an interesting theme and well decorated and clean. The bathroom was out of a different era though (it turns out they have revamped many of the rooms but not the bathrooms - it shows!). We used the spa and it was good. I had ordered a romantic turndown (rose petals on the bed, champagne etc.) but they did it very early (6pm!) rather than while we were at dinner (which would seem more sensible) and I had to chase for the champagne. We dinned at the hotel, as it looked like it might be good - it wasn't. We went for the taster menu with the accompanying wine menu. The sommelier was excellent and the wines proposed perfect. The food was at best indifferent and would even struggle to get 1/10 in the Good Food Guide. The only saving grace were the puddings. It transpired the kitchen staff were all new - except for the pastry chef. Breakfast was worse, with poached eggs so solid they could have been used as weapons.The bill - there were a number of errors so do check! Freindly, good atmosphere, good rooms, poor bathrooms, not very efficient and, for the moment, food poor value.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Bullshoof
<Content>BEWARE - Don't leave your valuables in the room! We spent 5 nights at The Milestone Hotel and being frequent seasoned travelers throughout the US, Europe  Asia, can honestly this is the worst hotel experience we've ever had. We had souvenirs and money taken from our room. You heard me right!!! I made the mistake of leaving my wallet in the room unattended (after all, it only contained $100 USD) only to learn upon arrival at the airport on the return home that it had been cleaned out (my taxi money for the ride home from the airport)! Also, we had 2 souvenir beer pints taken as well (of course the manager Neil claims they must have been misplaced) but glasses don't just get up and walk away. On our last night, they switched us to a larger suite as a courtesy upgrade...the room was old and smelled its age, the air conditioning didn't work, and the rug was so filthy we did not even want to remove our shoes. Book elsewhere - definitely not worth what we spent...over $2400 pounds (nearly $4500 USD for 5 days)!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	-1	3	1	5	

<Author>Looking_elsewhere
<Content>Tired Firstly, let me say the location is fantastic - if you love being situated on a large open park in the middle of London, an easy cab / tube ride from anywhere interesting.The service at the hotel is a little oppresive, so for most people it could be regarded as highly favourable. The building and decor are tired, or quaint, depending on one's perespective. Our room was tiny, to be polite, stuffed with unnesessary furniture in decor that boarded on kitch. There was a definite smell of sewage everytime we entered our, overly-compact, room. You'd attribute this to the 'quaintness', read old-world-ness, of the hotel.For the price I would have to say pay marginally more and stay at a modern, more up-market, establishment in Park Lane.Not impressed.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>billyboy18
<Content>Not for Seasoned Travelers While most of the reviews of the Milestone have been excellent, I beg to differ. I found the hotel to be stuffy, old fashioned and appropriate only for first time travelers to the UK.I much prefer the Baglioni a few doors down (fully booked this timer).The rooms had too much furniture and tschokes all over the place. The bar was full of blue haired laddies. The service stifiling.The resistance pool was OK and the location is good. A great place to bring Aunt Edna for her first trip to the UK.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisaflippo
<Content>beautiful place to stay...       the View from our Room.. Hyde Park  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WalesWelshman
<Content>Fantastic but We have stayed at 5 star hotels all over the world and for service this was one of the best. The staff could not do enough for you. Gavin concierge was excellent.Complimentary tea when we arrived at 11.30 pm and impeccable service throughout our stay. Our only gripe was that our room (311) was facing the road and there was some traffic noise (some sort of intererior glazing would fix) also there was a creaking floorboard in the room above that the guest kept walking over until 1 am that was annoying. All in all if you want a class hotel that lives up to its status then this is it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>acmes
<Content>A gem Just an ideal London boutique hotel. The right size--so that all amenities are available, the right staff--warm and welcoming, and the right location--overlooking Kensington Park. Our duplex room decorated like a library featured a billards table/dining table (you'd need to see it) and upstairs living area that served as our children's sleeping area. Bathroom was well appointed (though I find those European shower enclosures frustrating). Everynight candy and canapes were delivered and the turn-down service was excellent. Comfy beds. The roll-away beds need some looking after as a couple of them were missing slats. Breakfasts were classic british or continental as you choose. A sweet little bar/conservatory area make a nice nook for a drink or tea. My only significant complaint is that the pool is quite small and seemed over-dosed with chemicals.We'll absolutely return.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>binky_7
<Content>The best hotel we have ever stayed at Originally I booked this as it was the closest to the Royal Albert Hall as we were going to a concert there.What a find, nothing was too much trouble and all the staff were very helpful.Terry showed us around the hotel and our room.The afternoon tea we had was huge and lovely, the cakes and scones we could not finish they sent up to our room for later.The room itself was excellent decorated in a victorian theme.After the concert we came back and sat in the lounge and was entertained by a person singing and playing the piano who was excellent.Overall a wonderful place that makes you feel special.Much better than the Ritz which we stayed at the week before and not as pricy.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrsChristy
<Content>The Most Pleasant Expreience! My husband and I just returned from a long weekend at The Milestone May 15-19th. The hotel is completely charming. The staff is very friendly and accomodating, especially Neil at the concierge, who helped us with restaurant reservations and even offered to personally check out the table at our restaurant before we got there to make sure it was appropriate for us! Speaking of restaurants, you must try Ffiona's just a few blocks away - what a delicious meal!!We stayed in a superior double room with a clear view of Kensington Palace The room was very cozy, nicely decorated and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and spotless. The hotel really feels like a home away from home. I would definitely recommend it to anyone! I can see why it remains at the top reviewed by fellow travellers.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PresFla
<Content>Best Hotel Experience in Many Years My wife and I stayed in the Milestone Hotel for 4 days while visiting London for our daughter's grad school graduation. We booked a Superior King room and were delighted upon receiving an upgrade upon arrival. I travel frequently for both business and personal reasons, and I am very demanding when it comes to service and accomodations. The Milestone exceeded my requirements and expectations in all categories. All members of the staff greeted us by name without exception, including upon our exit from the cab upon arrival, and they were quick to offer assistance and suggestions to meet our every need. They were the most attentive and friendly hotel professionals that we have encountered in our extensive world travels over a period of many years. Their personal touch was most appreciated. We received prompt, professional and friendly assitance in organizing a banquet for 17 in the hotel's beautiful Windsor Suite, preceded by a cocktail reception in the Conservatory. The event was a great success thanks to the staff, and made the graduation night a memorable occasion for all. Afternoon tea before the fireplace in the lounge was another highlight. We will most certainly stay in this establishment again and again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IvanC
<Content>A haven where the staff care A supprise weekend right up to the moment the car pulled up outside the front door. The doorman was there welcoming us (not like the Baglioni) and taking the luggage before you could say Jack Flash. Once inside my partner checked in whilst i chatted with one of the very knowledgable butlers. Once he assertained where we had travelled from he knew who we were without the list.A quick and friendly check in and we were then given the grand tour whilst on route to the Jungle Room. We met and were introduced to most of the F@B staff who would look after us over the next two days. Well what can i say it was like being a long lost friend, all the staff knew who we were (just a couple up in town from cornwall) and their willingness to look after everyone with passion and flair was amazing.The hotel was spotless in all areas, the food was superb (1st night of the new spring menu) and the wine list was a pleasure to read and sample.The room is soon to be refurbished why i dont know as it was immaculate and very comfortable. The H/K was first calss and discreet.I dont know why we went home but Cornwall does have its benefits. As you may have guessed we love the place and have found our home form home in London.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>halycon-1
<Content>Mind the Gap! It was our frist trip to England and I was there with my wife to celebrate my birthday, But London is cold at this time of the year...who cares, never been there and had to make it special. London is magical, feeling like Peter Pan although I'm older, I felt like a kid entering Disneyland for he first time, never felt tired until the end of the day, after a day of walking, sightseeing, watching shows at west end, shopping, and dining...but to end my day on my goose down king size bed and pillows just made resting a much different level. The Milestone did not idsaapoint at all even thought they were doing construction during the day, the noise above me at one time was just not tolerable..but any old hotel with so muh character will show its age...and will need upkeep. The room was elegant, though small and cramped...this is London. My wife said that our stay at the Park Palace at Victoria Stationwas roomier and I agree, but it was not even close to the character of the hotel and the room. It felt like my home away from home. THey know you the moment you walk out the door and when you come home. Nothing is spared, they just care. I haven;t felt like that from a hotel, ever...is it pricey. yeah but if you want cheap, thn don't go to London, or Europe for that matter. Go there as if money doesn't matter then you will really enjoy London. THe day we arrive, it was my birthday and they made my afternoon tea so special by making a delicous chocolate cake and giving us champagne....that's service. By the way, they made the cake whn they found out it was my birthday because they asked me if I can have it later after my afternoon tea...never got that at the Ritz! The service is very british, subtle yet very classy. The location is near the tube and better yet, a Starbucks just around the corner. WHat else could make you feel at home...one thing about London, once you're there, top converting your dollars if you want to enjoy the rest of your trip...and the best part of the trip is coming back to America....you will realize how blessed we are in this country...we plan to go back to London again soon...and Milestone is definitely on our list....Mind the Gap  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RachelPaul
<Content>Unforgettable My girlfriend and I were lucky enough to stay at the luxurious Milestone Hotel, Kensington. We were collected from Liverpool street station in a Bentley by Terry our butler and Keith our chaffer and given a guided tour of London on the way to the Milestone. The stay at the hotel was outstanding and we found EVERY member of staff dedicated to enhancing the experience of staying in such luxurious hotel. The first thing we did after checking in was shop, escorted by Jim the head concierge which gave us the feeling we were in safe hands. I would recommend this hotel to anyone as I鈥檝e never been somewhere so customer orientated but hope to get the chance again soon. The bar and mixologist, Daniel, and his cocktails were an experience in themselves and not to be missed. The food was exquisite and excellently presented, fine dining is all that is on offer at the Milestone Hotel. For us this was truly an experience we will never forget and would like to use this chance to thank EVERY member of staff for being dedicated to making the stay with them unforgettable. If you鈥檙e looking for somewhere luxurious with a friendly atmosphere and nothing is too much then quite simply the Milestone Hotel is for you.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moomincouple
<Content>Problems solved, great stay! We stayed at the Milestone hotel in London with our two sons, aged 5 and 8, after a previous fantastic stay we had as a couple about a month ago. We booked two connecting rooms, but were faced with some serious problems upon arrival. The rooms were on the fifth floor, that was recently refurbished, but evidently this process was not quite finished. There were no locks on the outer door, the rooms were really extremely small, the DVD-player was not working. TV-channels were mixed up, the airco was out of order, etc. All staff members were extremely helpfull and kind, but the problems remained. That evening we told the Milestone this was not worth their five star rating and their splending reputation and invited them to come up with a solution the next morning. The solution they offered was great: we were given a fantastic spacious two bedroom apartment in the adjacent building, that they normally only rent out on a weekly basis (do they really?) and we had a very pleasant stay for the remainder of our holidays in London.The Milestone is a fantastic hotel. What really sets them out is their service and the attitude of the staff. It is however - by any standard - expensive. Breakfast in the hotel with two adults and two kids can easily cost you near 拢 100..... We believe that the Milestone is a great hotel if you want to spend a romantic luxury weekend in a (junior) suite in a boutique London hotel and budget is not is not your first choice. We have our doubts about the standard rooms, based on what we experienced. We later learned from staff that the rooms on the fifth floor were hardly used. Also, the hotel was not fully booked during our stay. Yes, they made a terrific response to our complaints, but one question remains: why did they try to give us these rooms in the first place and did not offer us the available apartment right away.....?  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sitkom
<Content>A fab boutique hotel worth visiting! My husband and I recently returned from a two-week jaunt through Europe including London on the front and back ends. The trip included Spain, Switzerland and Sweden and I can tell you, hands down, that the Milestone was the highlight of the trip (and I'm hard to impress). The butler (Terry) is a scream, but in a proper, British sort of way. Since we were only there for one night at the beginning of our trip, we booked the least expensive room rate. Terry showed us our room, but then showed us a few other rooms that were available for an upgrade. While we loved this little tour, we decided not to upgrade as it was already late and we were getting up early to catch our flight. Our room was small and not as smartly decorated as the others we previewed, but the bathroom was large and nicely appointed. We had problems with the air-conditioning (the room was stifling hot) and it took the mechanics three tries before it was working again.We made our way to the bar (which had been recommended by family) and had it to ourselves. The bartender was top-notch and really knew his drinks (the best kir royal I've had to date) and I loved, loved, loved the quaintness of it (it's teeny tiny).When we left the next morning, I booked our return for two weeks later. When we returned and were escorted to our room I was jumping for joy when the door opened because they had upgraded us to a beautiful suite that I could have lived out the rest of my days in.We explained to the concierge what we were looking for in a restaurant for dinner and he nailed it with Ffiona's. Within walking distance of the hotel, everything about this place was perfect. The candles, the unpretentious food, the atmosphere (small, 15 or fewer tables), the hilarious proprietor, etc. Highly recommend.We'll definitely be back. Keep in mind, though, it's not for someone looking for a deal in a London hotel. This hotel is for travelers who can appreciate something different and better (and are willing to pay for it) than the typical mega hotel experience.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>murraysmom
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Lovelier Staff I celebrated a milestone birthday at the Milestone Hotel and couldn't have been happier with my experience. From the moment my friend and I checked in till the moment we left, the staff was attentive, courteous and kind. We were upgraded to a large and luxurious room, offered a bottle of champagne (which was brought to the room with extra glasses so we could share it with friends) and advised that a birthday cake had been arranged for me. Following check-in, we were shown around the public rooms and then graciously escorted to our sumptious quarters. After I booked the stay, I was sent a Guest Preference form to complete. Clearly, someone paid attention, because our quiet, non-smoking room was decorated in a favorite color scheme, had plenty of pillows, lots of hangers and a plate of preferred fruits.As pleased as I was with the accommodations, I was even more impressed with the staff. We had expected to arrive mid-day, but because another friend's handbag had been stolen, while we were enjoying coffee and pastries in her hotel's lobby, we spent much of the day at the American Embassy getting her a temporary passport. When I explained this to the Milestone's lovely receptionist, she immediately expressed her concern and quickly extended an offer of help. Her generous spirit was in stark contrast to the indifference my friend had encountered at the other hotel. Her thoughtfulness set the tone for our most enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kikik1234
<Content>Top notch service with luxourious rooms  The Milestone is one of my favorite hotels in the world. The staff go out of their way to ensure the guest's comfort (from the friendly butler, to the helpful concierge, to the great maid service which brings you fruit, candies and little appetizers every night). There are so many little touches that make this property spectacular. It's in a beautiful building, the rooms are spacious, quiet,  the interior decorating is superb. We loved the Venetian suite. Make sure you have their tea  scones, it's the best tea experience in London. This is not a cookie-cutter generic type hotel - it has a lot of character  old-world elegance.They are very centrally located, with a great view of Kensington Park. The resistance pool is also very nice if you like swimming.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarlosItaly
<Content>One of the best hotels in London Very nice small hotel; the suite was not so big, but well appointed and comfortable. Just a bit of noise coming from the street.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Maranello
<Content>Hotel for the discerning I ended up here after the ParkCity could not extend my stay so I was not very happy at having to pay 230 gbp for a nights sleep. Thats where the downer stops...Brilliant location, my room overlooked Kensington Palace. Brilliant check in, I arrived early and the Receptionist noticed I had a Blackberry and offered to email me once the room was ready. Brilliant room, stayed in the Safari Suite and was impressed. Brilliant bar, the waiter knew his stuff and we settled on a nice Bordeaux !I really have a problem finding problems with this hotel and I am in the trade so usually I am faulting them.Maybe 2 gripes - insufficient foreign language tv channels for the overseas visitors and for a hotel of this standard , no green tea in the room.I consider this hotel to be a gem.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cjg87
<Content>Milestone is Great Everything was perfect at the Milestone - service, decor, friendliness of staff, quality of furnishings and fixtures. And the food - the Midnight Lovers' Feast was marvelous. Will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shaun-c
<Content>Setting the standard. I have recently returned from my second stay at The Milestone Hotel within the last month.I was initially recommended the hotel by American Express (Centurion Card-Black Card), their restaurant and hotel recommendations are generally very good.The Milestone was recently voted the fourth best hotel in the world by a leading travel magazine and I can unreservadly endorse this accolade. London has a comprehensive choice of hotels ranging from budget to some of the worlds best........this is one of the worlds best for customer service. The hotel is relatively small with less than sixty bedrooms, it was built in the 19th century as two townhouses and retains many of its original period features. All of the rooms are totally different but have all been decorated with style and imagination, we stayed in The Royal Studio which was wonderful but our two children (young adults 18 and 20) stayed in a twin room which was equally impressive. During our stay to celebrate our sons 18th birthday, we visited and ate at two other top London hotels, The Sanderson and St Martins Lane. In order to benchmark all three hotels, we asked to look at their respective guestrooms. If you are looking for trendy, minimalist and very over priced, you will love the Sanderson and St Martins Lane, however if it is traditional with sumptious surroundings, don't hesitate in selecting The Milestone Hotel as your choice.I own a business in the UK and have been very fortunate to have travelled extensively on both business and pleasure and can honestly say that this hotel exceeded my expectations more than any other hotel. Like most things in life, quality and service generally come with a premium price attached and The Milestone is no exception to this rule. In summary, this is a premium 5 star hotel that will not disappoint even the most discerning international travellers but prepare yourself for the final bill, particularly if you use the mini bar in your room.If you do stay at The Milestone, you will enjoy exceptional service and a memorable experience that sets the standard for all other London hotels.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerOrangeCounty
<Content>Small, nice, but costly My wife and I stayed for five nights and found the hotel small and quaint, however in my opinion very much overpriced for what we received. Good points: Service was great and the staff does try to take care of you as best as possible. Clean, nice, and good location.Not so good points: Dinner and amenities are overpriced...probably due to the size of the hotel. We had dinner the first night and my steak came out very rare...they did not prepare a new steak but simply reheated the raw steak. Not what I expect when paying for an expensive meal...$1,000 U.S. for two. I asked them to fix the air conditioner because it made a very loud screeching noise that would wake us up at night. This was not fixed so we got used to waking up 2 - 3 times a night.Overall, we have traveled for many years and I have no problem spending whatever money to enjoy the best. However, I do not like to feel like I am just burning money for the sake of doing so. Past that, it was a nice small friendly hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelloveraus
<Content>english townhouse the milestone was exactly what I imagined after months of searching then deciding...we arrived at gatwick and taken to hotel by our airport transfer - very efficient and great driver.the reception staff checked us into our 3 rooms - the safari, the princess and a twin bedded room all on the fifth floor facing hyde park...beautiful. the concierge were outstanding throughout our stay e.g. the tour de france w/e caused traffic havoc in London and when they realised that to get a taxi for our dinner booking would be virtually impossible , they ordered a limousine - gratis !!!all our rooms were beautiful, kept clean and turn down was faultless...the toileteries were penhaligon !!Breakfast was included and the food was delicious but the staff were a bit up and down. Be sure to check that you are not charged if this is included, as it took several attempts before they acknowledged breakfast was in our package.we stayed in the height of summer so the cost was high but certainly gave us a wonderful first time experience of London.Do the hop on hop off bus tour - one of the best in europe.Restaurants - Locanda Locatelli and River Cafe  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AussieAnge
<Content>Fantastic Staff make this Hotel I have been very slack with my reviews of our last holiday. We stayed in this hotel in May for 4 nights.The Milestone is in a fantastic location with Hyde Park opposite. Great for kids to run around and burn off energy.There are heaps of reasonably priced restaurants around and shops to buy beer, wine and snacks. The underground is a short walk and you are central to get to all areas of London easily.I was a bit disappointed in the room we had. The carpet was stained and the paint was chipped. It just had that run down feel. They also don鈥檛 have proper king size beds, only two singles pushed (or zipped?) together. We were limited in the room we had as we had to have an extra bed for our 12 year old son. Many of the rooms are quite small 鈥?but that is London. I was also disappointed in the fact that our room did not have a theme.(as per the website) My bother-in-law and sister-in-law were in a smaller room but it seemed better maintained and the furnishings were smarter. Both rooms had the same size bathroom which was a good size with an excellent shower (not walk in, over the bath)The staff at this hotel are sensational. (Except for one blonde girl on reception who was really obnoxious). They are happy to chat and tell you where to go, how to get there and many other tips. As we were celebrating my husbands鈥?birthday on the day we left I asked them if they could bring coffee and croissants鈥?(with a candle) to the room at 7.30am in the morning. This request was not made until about 11pm on the night before. At 7.30 the next morning the most beautiful chocolate cake arrive with candle and Happy Birthday message 鈥?Sensational.All in all I would highly recommend this hotel while staying in London and it was good value when you check out some of the options.The only thing I would say is don鈥檛 get your laundry done in house 鈥?the prices are exorbitant.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>littledickens
<Content>Loved the Hotel and Staff My husband and I stayed 4 nights post cruise and were delighted with the hotel and staff. They upgraded us to a park view room. Terry the host was wonderful. The room was a bit small by American standards, but beautiful, clean and comfortable. Large bathroom with tub and shower. Full breakfast was included and delicious. The doorman was charming, actually there was more than one, sorry I didn't get his name. The tube is a short walk up Kensington High St, lot's of resturants in the area, plus the park where we walked everyday. We had glorious weather. Would defintely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gbn
<Content>Posh, lovely Top-notch service, nicely appointed rooms. We were upgraded to a junior suite from a king. It was still not a large room (European sizes, not American sizes), but really nicely decorated with a wonderful bathroom. We stayed for one night only, which is a shame. The hotel area is at the end of Kensington Park, on a busy street but street noises were not evident to us. Lots of shopping in the area, as well as the park for walking, but as others have pointed out it's not necessarily at the center of town. Very nice breakfast (the hotel's Web site had specials that include breakfast). Overall, deserving of its leading hotels insignia.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pali15
<Content>Nice little hotel in the heart of London This is a nice little botique hotel in the hear of london. Great staff, nice rooms (though a bit small). Location is South Kensington - which is a drawback if you want to spend most of your time around Knightsbridge. Overall a pleasant place to stay with excellant staff.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MATISS
<Content>Superb Hotel From the moment we checked in at this lovely hotel we knew we were at a special place . The staff were so helpful they coudnt do enough for you ,whilst they were checking our room was ready they gave us tea and coffee in the lounge . The room was spacious and spotless , turndown service was excellent . Breakfast the following day was lovely excellent choices. I have nothing but praise for this hotel , will be returning again .  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaLori
<Content>The apartments are an exquisite secret My husband and I and our two daughters recently stayed at the Milestone for 2 weeks while in London. We were booked into one of the apartments that are in a townhouse attached to the hotel. Guests in the townhouse may enter either through the hotel's main entrance or through an electronically controlled door to the townhouse.The apartment was exquisite! There were two full bedrooms (each with a queen-sized bed) and sleeping loft upstairs with a pull out couch. For an extended stay it was ideal. There was a fully outfitted high end ktichen (which we used only for breakfast), two full bathrooms, an eating area and a living area with TV etc. (plus televisions in each of the sleeping areas. The real plus though was a washer and dryer in the unit - an absolute necessity for traveling in the summer with children.The Apartments are run just like the hotel - full serviced every day, turn day service, room service. All with some space and privacy. The Apartments must be rented by the week, but it was so much cheaper than booking two connecting rooms.I'd go back in heartbeat!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>James67
<Content>Every little detail thought about This is a real Gem near the centre of London. Old style service quality with some very up-to-date touches in the room. All the staff are very professional without being snooty, they seem to genuinely want you to have a great stay. The room was not large, but was wonderfully decorated with careful touches such as the i-pod speakers, wi-fi, controllable aircon and DVD players. The bathroom was high quality with plenty of space for all your own stuff backed up by high-end supplies from the hotel.The warm welcome, ease of check-in, great porterage and complimentary glass of champage at check-in, was matched by the efficient checkout with the offer of a bottle of water for my journey.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Puppielove
<Content>Charming       Marble Bath  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>memphistraveller214
<Content>Personalized attention The service in this hotel is excellent! The rooms are exquisitely appointed, with modern baths, free internet connections, wonderful turn down service. We went for my birthday, and my son had requested the Food and Beverage Director make a birthday cake for me ( a surprise for me). It was a sinfully rich and moist cake and the presentation was excellent. Our experience with this hotel and with this neighborhood in London couldn't have been better. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling100
<Content>What a gem! My husband and I recently took a trip to Morocco, London, and Dubai. Out of all the hotels that we stayed at I would have to say that The Milestone was the most charming hotel. The hotel is very small, which means you get personal, warm service from every staff member.From the point that we arrived we were checked in quickly and then given a tour of the hotel and of our room by a wonderful butler named Terry. Terry, throughout our entire stay, was a tremendous help in suggesting what things to see, where to eat, etc. He is a great addition to this hotel. After we were shown our room and all the extras it had we were given a complimentary drink (we recommend the hot chocolate because it's given with delicious cookies) and we had time to walk the nearby shops and get something to eat. The location of the hotel is ideal since there are many shops and restaurants to eat and visit. In addition, we recommend getting tickets for the Big Bus Tours because they have a stop right outside the hotel and it's an easy, educational, and inexpensive way to see all of London. The Milestone is a beautiful hotel that has anticipated all the needs of its guests. We didn't have to ask for anything extra or have anything changed because it was truly perfect!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TokyoTraveler
<Content>Would stay here again in a heart beat! This is my favorite hotel in London. It's small but exquisitely decorated, and the service is just wonderful. No request is too big or too small, and when I have had (very minor) issues, they have responded quickly, efficiently and satisfactorily.I also ate the the hotel restaurant and it was a very satisfactory meal. Room service too was wonderful.If you can, stay in the apartments as these are just so beautifully furnished with real fireplaces, shiny beautiful kitchens, and lovely rooms. I love this hotel.In terms of location, this is the type of hotel for people who want to experience London life. It's not very near the theater  museum district (but it's just one bus ride away), but you're right in front of Kensington Park  Palace, and your neighborhood is the Kensington Church Street area which is where real (and really nice) people live.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Csora2547
<Content>Like Staying in a Wonderful Private Home If you are looking for a wonderful small hotel with a very British feel then the Milestone is for you! We had a wonderful stay there. The staff is so friendly and helpful. After a full day of site seeing it felt like coming home.....if only my home was decorated so lovely! The rooms are cheerful and comfortable though a little on the small size compared to American standards. The location is great, right across the street from Kensington Palace, quiet yet not too far from the action. The tube station is a short walk and the on and off bus lets you off almost at the hotel door. There are several good places to eat close by. We had an excellent meal at the Indian restaurant down the block and the Italian restaurant makes the best pizza...even better than the ones we had in Italy! There is a breakfast place in the same block called Giraffe that serves a full British breakfast for a reasonable price. The food at the hotel is excellent also. We had their late afternoon tea and it was delicious. We also enjoyed dessert and a drink after the theater in the lounge. They have a nice turn down service, where they leave bottled water and candy.......though not chocolate.....weird British candy...but that was good because I wasn't tempted to eat it! We look forward to saying at the Milestone next time we are in London.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WoodyB
<Content>The Milestone - A well-kept secret We wanted to be near a friend's flat in Kensington and she recommended the Milestone Hotel as an excellent choice of hotel. We're glad we took her advice - it is a real gem! The decor is unfussy English and the staff couldn't be any nicer. Our room was a little small but immaculate and we loved the rain shower head in the bath. We had an excellent dinner our first night and the breakfast buffet was more than adequate with choices of hot dishes available. We would definitely stay there again. Travelers from Amelia Island, FL  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AZworldtraveler
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       Milestone Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tagor
<Content>Milestone exceeds our expectations in every way!       Lobby (with headless child... LOL)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Madge1
<Content>So comfortable! 15th July, 2006This is the third visit to this hotel in Kensington which we have found to have excellent service, lovely staff and beautiful rooms.Right in front of Kensington Gardens, you have plenty of shops, pubs and restaurants in walking distance but are only 10 mins away from the West End. Every room I have seen (total of 5) are all differently but individually decorated and include all the essentials even down to stationery items in the desk. We have stayed in many hotels in London (including Claridges and Blakes) but this is our favourite.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLReviewer
<Content>Charming Hotel with Great Service Our family enjoyed this hotel and its wonderful ambience. Although one of our original rooms was too small and inconsistent with the description, the front desk worked with us to move us to a larger room for a supplemental charge. Terry, the butler, was especially charming. Full English breakfasts were very good, and dinner was excellent. The concierge was extremely accomodating. We appreciated the free internet access. Sometimes the doorman has to work hard to hail a taxi so allow plenty of time before the theatre or dinner out.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hambagahle
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! My husband and I stayed at the Milestone in June while we were en route to Dover for a cruise to the Baltic. We had stayed at the Milestone a few times before and always loved it. We booked a de luxe room with king bed.The night before we left home for London I had a message on my machine to ring the front desk at the Milestone. I was worried that something had gone wrong with our reservation! I talked to the Duty Manager who told me that our room's AC was not working (and London is hot this summer!) so he asked if we would mind down grading to a room with efficient AC. He added that this would be for one night only, and then, as compensation we would be moved to a suite. Well, what could I say! In fact the room we were put in for the first night was lovely, if a little small. The AC did indeed work well. The room was on the Kensington Court side and very quiet. The next day we were out all day and the staff moved our things to the suite - which was newly re-decorated and quite magnificent. It had a great view of the park and Kensington Palace. However since the windows were doubled glazed there was no traffic noise. We didn't eat at the hotel on this stay, except for breakfast. In the past we have eaten at Cheniston's restaurant which is lovely. The breakfasts were excellent and nicely served. We did have tea in the lounge (but only tea, not the full works of sandwiches and cakes which we saw some people tucking into!)One thing that pleased me enormously was the free internet access provided at a computer next to the spa. I am still amazed that they took the trouble to call me (in Switzerland) to tell me that my room choice had been changed. AND that the room rate for the two nights was the rate for the lower grade room, even when we were in the suite. I had assumed that the second night we would be charged for the de luxe room, but we weren't.I love the way this hotel is run, and I also really like the neighbourhood. It is nice to have the park across the street, and the tube station is close by as well.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smsbnyc
<Content>Love this hotel and can't wait to return! This is one of the best small hotels we have ever stayed at anywhere. We stayed with our teenagers in one of the 2 bedroom apartments. It had a kitchen and a washer and dryer. It was beautiful! The staff is outstanding and the concierges could not have been more helpful. This hotel was a joy to come back to every afternoon after long hot days of sightseeing. We have so much more to explore in London and we will look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jdbaron
<Content>We LOVED the Milestone!!! I recently stayed at the Milestone Hotel in London, having won anauction for the stay on luxury link. The trip was a weekend girl's weekend on the eve of my brother-in-law'swedding; the three hotel guests were me, my mother-in-law and thebride-to-be. I wanted this to be a special weekend, so I looked for a nice package on luxurylink.(--) that included extra treats like high tea and a full breakfast, as both of which can be very pricey in london.The package was for 2 people, but I called ahead and was told it would be okay to have a third person, but there would be a 30 pound fee for an extra bed, and I would have to pay for the third breakfast and tea separately. Upon arrival, however, they indicated that they had, instead of adding an additional bed, decided to upgrade us to a 2 bedroom, 3 bathroom apartment, and that they were upgrading us for no additional cost. In addition, breakfast and our high tea were similarly apportioned for 3 with no additional cost.The room was incredibly quiet, and all appointments top notch. Feather down pillows and duvets, full marble jacuzzi tubs, rain showers, a washer dryer, fabulous kitchen, wonderful balcony, great toiletries, and even nightly canapes brought to our door. It was a perfect experience. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the milestone again and again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Milestone We stayed for five nights to celebrate silver anniversary and birthday. We had booked through the Leading Hotels of the World website way in advance and got a decent rate that included the continental breakfast.The reception and concierge were very helpful and friendly. When they showed us the bus stop they actually went outside the hotel to point me in the right direction. They hung up the phone when I approached to ask a question.The room was very lovely, with a canopy bed, small table with 2 chairs and a desk. It had a good size closet. The bedroom was a few steps up from the entrance and the bathroom was level with the entrance. The bath was old fashioned and lovely. Every night they lit a candle in a water-filled bowl by the bath tub, and there was a different treat every evening on the pillow in addition to the radio being turned on. There were robes and slippers, magnifying mirror and hair dryer. The only negative would be the smoke odor. We had requested a non smoking room, but it smelled faintly of smoke and there were ash trays in the room.The first evening when we arrived we received a wonderful berry-cream cake, and chocolate covered strawberries for our anniversary. It was absolutely lovely.The work out room seemed nice. We never used them since we were walking miles every day, and my spouse ran in the Kensington gardens across the street.The continental breakfast was included in our price. It was a very generous breakfast. I had expected toast and coffee, as another poster mentioned, but they had different juices, including fresh squeezed orange juice, ham, cheese, fresh fruit, yoghurt, bread and sweet rolls in addition to toast and coffee and tea. They offered Cafe au lait. Service in breakfast room was formal. We stayed there 5 nights, and every morning they would ask us if we wanted coffee or tea. Perhaps the wait staff has been told to do so, but I thought it strange that they did not figure out that we wanted black coffee after a few days, being that the hotel is very small and we had the same wait staff most days. They were busy, so we had to wait for coffee and juice on a few occasions, which is fine for a romantic get away, but tries your patience if you are a sight seeing tourist, with an agenda for the day.We saw business people, couples and families there. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We stayed at the Milestone last year and have already rebooked our next visit for May this year. We had an excellent stay the service was second to none and the rooms were lovely. Recomend this hotel to anyone who wants fantastic accomodation.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cococat9
<Content>Great birthday My husband arranged for me to spend my 50th birthday at the Milestone.It was fantastic.The staff couldn't do enough for us and made my stay there very special.Ideally situated for a good shopping spree and our room overlooked Kensington Palace.On my birthday the staff arranged a beautiful fresh cream birthday cake (and they let me take most of it home) and a bottle of champagne.I cannot state how great my stay was and it's true you get what you pay for.Worth every penny  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worth a stay Went to the Milestone for our tenth anniversary this October. It is actually a beautiful and charming inn. We had a lovely room with a good view of the Kensington Palace grounds. It has a real Dickens/old english feel which we were after.The hotel is kept in excellent condition. Everything worked. The street noise was not bothersome. The room was quiet and sumptous. Staff were also generally friendly. The concierge went out of his way to book restaurants and a show for our stay. In fact the concierge service is the best I have ever encountered and we do travel widely.On the minus side the hotel is small, in just about every way. The restaurant while fine at breakfast would be a little cramped at dinner. I do not recommend the bar for the same reason. In addition it is a little out of the way. A tube station is nearby (5 min walk) but we were late for dinner one night when the doorman could not, despite his best efforts, get us a cab for 30 minutes. Also the staff tended to amuse themselves in the bar, after their shift, which was much too small to accomodate them and the paying quests.If it is charm and an authentic experience you are after I recommend it. It is not a five star resort or business hotel. It is also not for young children.Finally one grumble. When I booked I specifically booked a continental breakfast, which we received each morning. I later discovered we were charged the same rate as the full english breakfast. A little steep for toast and coffee. Beware when booking.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PJWLondon_England
<Content>Made a Very Special Day Sublime September 3 2005 and the most fabulous day of my life - my wedding day. We had to change our plans at short notice and decided to get married in London with just a few guests. The Milestone had been recommended and I was delighted to find out that it was available. We visited the hotel quietly to check out the decor, food and the service and found all 3 to be faultless. We arranged a meeting with the functions manager, Stefan, who could not possibly have been more helpful and we were able to hand almost everything over to him to arrange. Babysitters for the guests' children, hairdressers, early check in, 3 choices of food for each course, flowers,decor etc etc; it was all handled by Stefan with the greatest aplomb. Nothing fazed him and his suggestions proved invaluable to us. He recommended the wine and we were very impressed that he did not choose the expensive wines but those that complimented the food (the wines were universally favourably remarked upon). All seemed perfect and so we took a deep breath and asked for an estimate of the cost. Unbelievably good; in fact we still can't believe it even after having paid the bill. As a very special extra the hotel gave my new husband and I an upgraded room (as it was available) and what an upgrade! What a room! 2 floors and absolutely beautifully decorated. With our own butler, Pedro. It was the perfect start to our married life..... The hotel staff made me feel like a real princess (but then every guest at the wedding said the same) waving me off when I left for the church and the next day on my honeymoon. They joined in the fun (where appropriate) and there was nothing but smiles from them all day.The room was all decorated in gold and cream, candles, crystal and white flowers and looked magical (thank you Mr Marly). The food and wine were perfect and everyone got what they asked for. Service was immaculate and very accommodating as we had speeches at random times through out the meal.It just couldn't have been better and so many of the attendees said that they would be staying there again or would hold meetings there. Thank you to all the staff for making our day so perfect and we look forward to seeing you again soon to thank you in person. For any engaged couple who are looking for a special reception venue for 30 or so guests in London, please do consider this wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>Unsurpassed service/excellent location We had lived in London for six years, in Kensington and were returning to visit friends before we moved to Shanghai as well as celebrating our 30th Anniversary. A lot of people elect to stay in the expensive hotels on Park Lane in Mayfair but the Milestone is a gem of a hotel, a listed building, both inside and outside, with staff that go out of their way to take care of your every need. Further, it has character and a limited number of rooms unlike some of those 100+ room hotels.Breakfast is a bit expensive and if you know your way around, can be found at less than half the price for a short walk. That being said, you can have formal afternoon tea, single malt's in the bar and the dinner at Cheneston's is quite good. The latter, for London, is not outrageously expensive. It's all very convenient for those who don't want to wander out.The location is good for Notting Hill, Kensington, the West End and most sights you might want to see in London and Kensington High Street Underground station is a 5 minute walk and bus service to most points is likewise convenient.My wife loved our stay. In fact, she'll be using the Milestone as her London hotel when she swings by on the way from Shanghai to Boston.We travel a lot for pleasure and I travel a lot for business. This hotel's one to book.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thepinkdog
<Content>We Love the Milestone!       The Milestone decorated for Christmas  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fivekatz
<Content>Terrific service, excellent location We stayed at the Milestone for two days prior to taking a cruise from Southampton. From the moment we arrived the personal attention was outstanding. The room as one would expect from an older hotel were on the small size when compared to what Americans are used to. But the room was wonderfully appointed and the bathroom was actually quite large. There are lots of nice little touches as well.The lobby and public areas were charming. The breakfast was very over priced and quite ordinary. The lounge was a terrfic spot to relax after a busy day. The location is close to the Tube (Circle and District Lines) and the neighborhood is very nice and upscale. The Palace gardens are a great place for an early morning run.All and all I highly recommend the Milestone for any one who seeks a smaller property with world class service and a Central London location.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NCtraveller
<Content>One of my favorites in London I travel to London on business almost every month and the Milestone is my hotel.There are three main reasons why I stay at the Milestone: great staff and personalized service; unique, comfortable rooms; and proximity to Kensington Park (just across the street). They've got a cozy bar with a friendly bartender and the food is good as well (although expensive). Compared to the large, impersonal hotel across the street with small, kennel-like rooms that are mostly alike, the Milestone is a real gem.Is it perfect? No. The Milestone doesn't tolerate wild swings in temperature very well. The heating and A/C system doesn't handle high highs and low lows (I've had to request a space heater and a fan during stays there) but I'm willing to put up with that for all of the other benefits. Note to management: how about a new system sometime soon!Kensington High Street offers a broad range of shops and restaurants, it's a great place to walk around and having the park across the street is a bonus. The gym at the Milestone was recently refurbished and while small, has a treadmill, bike, free weights, etc and also one of those pools in which you can swim against a current (I haven't used the pool but swimmer friends say it's great).I am a real, live business person and I genuinely like this hotel! I just stayed there three weeks ago. I had gotten sick and needed to have a prescription filled; after the Boots down the street couldn't do it, the hotel sent one of their people in a cab to a 24-hour pharmacy and got my scrip filled. That's a perfect example of why the Milestone is such a great place to stay.Since I've never paid 700 pounds to stay anywhere in my life I can't comment on an earlier poster's experience with his ultra-posh room but if you're looking for a friendly, homey place to stay on business, give the Milestone a try. It might be a bit expensive for vacationers but if you want to splurge a little and have a great location, I'd definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perhaps suitable for Mr. Average, but disappointing for selective guests As a connoisseur of 5 star hotels worldwide, and a marketing specialist, I know quality. In my opinion, attention to detail is what makes a hotel memorable or forgettable.. There were several disappointments at this hotel, however the staff are absolutely superb, and were very accommodating.Whilst the suite itself was sumptuously decorated, (Prince Albert Suite) and very suitable, there were problems one after another.I had called ahead an hour before to let the concierge know my flight had changed and I would be arriving earlier, to please re-arrange the chauffeur and suite. When I arrived, tired and cold from a very shoddy flight, I was asked to wait, as the room was not ready. I was gracious, not wanting to be a bother, however I was still waiting an hour and a half later. They had offered me a glass of water on arrival, and when I came out of my beautiful but chilly waiting area to ask for more water, I couln't believe they asked me to sign for it. They were charging me 4pounds for a bottle of water, whilst they kept me waiting! It's not the money, it's the principle.I finally got to the room, it was very small for a 'suite' (more like a large room) but absolutely impeccably designed, lovely, I couldn't wait to sink into bed. I ordered some food - it was nice but not what I had asked for. I was too tired, ate  slept. The next day, unpacking, I saw the safe was not working. I reminded myself to call someone before I went out. (they ended up having to replace the whole safe door - how long had it been since someone stayed in the suite?!) Then later I looked over and saw the gas fire had put itself out - god knows how long I had been breathing in gas! It was about 5am, I called housekeeping, but they are apparently only in from 9am-5pm... the reception came up and tried to re-ignite it but couldn't.. 700 pounds a night, this.. This particular suite is on the first floor, so traffic is heard, which I occasionally find comforting, but not when 3-4 times a night the sounds are loud sirens.. Terrace doors and windows should be updated and double-glazed for noise prevention.Finally, in the morning, I picked up the phone beside the bed, the one I'd used earlier for the fire problem, and it was just not working, no dial tone, for no reason. I jiggled the connections and tried again, nothing. I called reception from the bathroom. When I explained the problem, I was asked do you want it fixed now? in a tone that clearly said 'do you expect help at this hour?' Admittedly, it was about 7am, however I'm not sure what I was expected to do until it was more convenient?The room was entered by tradesmen through the day for Xmas decorations to be removed from the terrace outside, which I had been told about the day I arrived. It did not interrupt my work, and I didn't particularly mind, but I don't see why they couldn't do it before I came or after I left, I was only booked for 4 days, or surely they could have arranged this whilst I was kept waiting 1.5hrs on arrival?Again the food I ordered with specific instructions did not arrive to my request, it was obviously a standard order with none of the exceptions I had requested.I told the concierge I would be checking out early, he came up later and apologized profusely, and persuaded me to stay. However as the night wore on, I found I kept jumping awake from sirens, and in fear of the fire going out again, and potentially being gassed to death! I could not sleep and had to turn the fire off to relax. What was the point of paying for an expensive suite with an open fire?The staff were very gracious about the whole thing, but unless you're staying for a very short time (a day or two) I would probably skip this one. It apparently won an award for 'best hotel in london'- I saw little sign of that. It is perhaps the best *decor* in london, and perhaps a chance at the friendliest staff, but NOT the best hotel. I have moved to the Dorchester, where everything is available 24 hours  all the appliances work (so far!).For the average person, this boutique-style hotel will probably impress. It has a non-existent facade, the entrance is straight off the street, and the lobby is tiny but warm, with a lovely decor throughout. It is an old house and stables, converted nicely, but for the very selective, accustomed to only the finest, premium quality, it is disappointing. Like a young girl - pretty but no real substance beneath to sustain it. I won't stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>3	1	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lucy
<Content>Wow! What a Fantastic Hotel to Stay in I had been hoping to stay at the Red Carnation's 5* Milestone hotel since discovering the Red Carnation chain some 18 months ago. I have to say that it was well worth the wait. From the Door Men to the waitress serving breakfast, the service is sublime, couldn't be faulted and nothing was too much trouble.The room - wow what a view we had of Kensington Palace Gardens, the view was worth the supplement. Even overlooking a busy road, there was hardly any noise from the outside traffic. The room was decorated in keeping with other RCH hotels, rich use of curtains and fabrics, antiques and lovely pictures, all gave the room a sense of style. The Air con was working fine, although a little bit noisy, but we didn't need to keep it on overnight. I found the bathroom a little disappointing when compared to the Chesterfield and Rubens bathrooms (two of the other Red Carnation hotels), but it was functional and the toileteries more than made up for an ageing bath!We had afternoon tea here, an absolute must, the scones were delicious, whilst our evening meal was scrumptious. Breakfast is leisurely and eggs are cooked your way, not the hotels way!!The turndown service is just divine, they leave you little presents on your bed to take home to remind you of your stay.On check out we were given bottled water to ensure we were hydrated on our journey back home. How very thoughtfulAll in all, perfection and the stay totally exceeded my expectations. I can't wait for a return visit.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!! We stayed in the Milestone apartments; which are a part of the hotel. The rooms were beautifully finished and appointed. The hotel is in a wonderful part of London. The service at the hotel is fantastic with Peter Davies and his wonderful staff of concierges willing to help with anything.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Milestone Hotel I have just returned from London where I happily stayed at The Milestone Hotel. This deluxe establishment has an extraordinary location across from Kensington Palace. It is a classic and handsome Victorian red brick building. The Milestone is a small, elegant, luxurious hotel with a top notch staff and a fine restaurant and bar. The cooking is the very best. The rooms are filled with handsome details and done in top residential quality. The Milestone offers peace and quiet, great personal service and attention to details rarely seen today. I would highly recommend it to the discerning traveler.Warmly, William Tomicki  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeLeTaxii
<Content>Simply Charming My wife and I went to London for a long weekend and stayed at the Milestone. We like the group (LSHW) and the tripadvisor reviews convinced us. We weren't disappointed at all - except perhaps with the bill! Wow! Still, the rooms are wonderfully appointed, the bathrooms are simply awesome (candles, ivy) and the breakfast is very good (though the coffee could be stronger and/or refills more frequent). Helpful, friendly staff were very eager to please, but respected our privacy. All in all, a very nice little hotel with a cozy atmosphere and a very good location.   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elisabeth_Denise
<Content>Outstanding Experience After much research in the pricey London hotel market, I settled on the Milestone and stayed there for 5 nights in June to attend the Chelsea Flower Show and visit London with my mother. Having stayed at many of the best hotel around the world, I can honestly stay that this met and in some respect expected my very high expectations. From the service, to the location (across Kensington and close to the tube), to the amenities, and the general ambiance of a small boutique hotel. It is a bit pricey but clearly attention to details is there at all times. Service at the breakfast small room was not on par but the food was fine. If you like small hotels, great service, value small details and enjoy being pampered this is it - I stayed at the Montague for a night on my way back from Paris to California via London, another redcarnation hotel, and was disappointed having been spoiled at the Milestones. I think the experience (hotel included - very civilized) changed by French mother's mind about the Bristish!   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small, but fantastic Just left the Milestone, stayed there for one night. Fell in love with the place the moment we walked into the hotel. The rooms are small, but last time I checked this was London? We had a great room overlooking Kensington Gardens, (507) with excellent view of the palace. The service was not noticeable, (which is good) but alway there when you needed it. Ate at the resauraunt, $$$!!! but the food was fantastic, the sevice was great, and was a perfect end to our vacation. This was a fantastic oasis in a hectic city of london. I cannot wait until we go back to london, and without a doubt back to the Milestone!!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, helpful staff We spent 3 nights at this superbly located hotel. We booked through Expedia for 1,000US$. The room, though small, was very elegantly decorated and the staff was always keen to help and give suggestions. Ther hotel is walking distance form High Street Kensington tube station and opposite Hyde park which was great for jogging in the morning.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faulty Towers Revisited This hotel may try to provide service, but fails dismally!We had nothing but problems from the moment we checked in to their minute apartment that you can barely stand up in.The only thing this hotel is close to is Kensigton High Street - which they forget to tell you is a main street so if you are looking for peace and quiet - try another hotel.This hotel is far from central anything. If you are looking for a 5 star hotel - forget about this DUMP!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in London   showReview(2113483, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fantine
<Content>Fabulous service, quaint: I give the Milestone 4.5 stars.   showReview(2063859, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>livvylou
<Content>Superb Service   showReview(1742428, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Loved the Milestone...   showReview(1741898, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StyleTraveller
<Content>Service makes it special   showReview(1733304, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>London Special Offers   showReview(1562721, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite hotel in London   showReview(1490275, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sdcarver
<Content>Great Experience--Top Notch   showReview(1388106, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fabulous Hotel   showReview(983160, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Personal Service   showReview(927590, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(14731388, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

