<Author>HuttonBoston
<Content>Service With Smiles I'm currently on vacation and enjoying a good time in Australia. I'm familiar with the Raddisson hotels from America but this one in Sydney is really great, a higher class than I expected. The bellhops were great in making me feel welcomed when I arrived. Not being familiar with Sydney the Concierge team have been fantastic with ideas of what to see and do. The hotel doesn't seem to be far from anything, I've been able to walk all over the city. If the weather clears up today I'll get around a bit more. Lots of things close by. I've eaten in the hotel which was great but there are conveniences close by to grab a snack from and banks too. The staff have all seemed friendly and generally interested in me. A classy hotel and definately worth the stay. Thanks.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rachiemoo
<Content>Super location, very comfortable hotel - super beds!!! Central location, near to the Circular Keys, Darling Harbour and Shopping!! Lovely rooms, really really comfy, beds are fab would like to bring one home!!!!Breakfast in the main restaurant is nice but Plaza Club breakfast is just well, rather average. Meals are nice too, but rather pricey compaired to the excellent food on offer around and about!Staying here at Christmas but have to say its a very sterile seasonal environment, lacking in genuine cheer!!! That said the staff are very helpful and some of the smiles appear to be genuine!!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>M90_AMT
<Content>great hotel Great location, can walk to opera house or bridge or shopping district. reception quick and charming. Concierge really helpful with directions,maps and bookings. We booked a room on the executive floor with access to the special lounge. The breakfast was good but what was special was the lack of people - there was only us and another couple, so it was quiet, peaceful and enjoyable to relax over breakfast reading the complimentary papers. The waiting staff couldn't have been more helpful. THere were also canapes and free drinks at night - 6 good wines to choose from including sparkling wine/champagne style, some bottled beer/lager, 5 spirits and soft drinks all laid out in buffet style so you can help yourself whenever you want a top up. Again there was only us and another couple so it was lovely to unwind in the evening over a drink and snack. The room was very comfortable, spotlessly clean, bathrobes, nice toiletries, good towels, free internet access included in the executive room rate which we used all the time, very comfy bed and choice of pillows, well stocked mini bar. We didnt' eat here except for breakfast. All in all a very comfortable stay in a well located hotel.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EP05313
<Content>Best Radisson I've Stayed In This hotel from it's spacious and tasteful rooms to the great breakfast to the wonderful staff was one of the best hotel experiences I have had.Check in was quick and we were able to get in at 10am. The staff were courteous and helpful (although in Australia this seems to be the norm). Our room was great!! The Concierge helped in booking a few tours and they really went above and beyond even exceeding my expectations. They noticed that we were out late clubbing and probably wouldn't like to go early so they arranged afternoon tours and even had the items sent to our room and placed under the door as not to disturb us. All of the staff were great but I if you can get Darren at the concierge to help you out, he's the best.I will for sure stay at this hotel again if I am in Sydney and would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miaow_girl
<Content>Not worth the 5 Star Rating I stayed at this hotel for my birthday, I was upgraded to a premiere suite.The hotel:Located not particularly in the heart of the CBD but approximately 10 minutes walk away. The hotel itself is a historical building. It is a good hotel if you plan to visit circular quay because this is 10 minutes walk away.The pool area was pretty average for a 5 star hotel. The rooms:The rooms are small and not very spacious. The bathroom was facing the bed which was annoying. The door of the bathroom was glass so you could imagine when the lights were turned on it would wake up others up. The bathroom however was nice with a marble finish. The beds were not entirely comfortable. The air con failed to work which made the room really hot. There was no views.I am surprised that this hotel has a 5 Star Rating. I would give it a 4 if I rated it. There is many other better hotels then this one  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>YIWAN
<Content>RUDE receptionist!!! Sadly, I can only write a VERY scathing review of this hotel!My experiences with the Radisson Plaza in Sydney began a few days before I arrived. I called them to check which room I had been booked into and, after reading a review on this site, requested that the two single beds in the room NOT be pushed close together as I was sharing with an elderly Aunt and wanted a bit of space so we could sleep without breathing into each other鈥檚 faces....I also explained that I would be arriving at 10am after travelling from interstate since 4am, and NEEDED to rest and change before I was due at a function at 3pm. The person on the phone said they would request an early book-in time and indicated that a room WOULD be ready for me when I arrived.I got there a bit after 10am on Thursday 4th December. The RUDEST staff member possible was at the reception counter!! My room had been booked and paid for by the organisation that had invited me to Sydney. The man at the counter confirmed my booking, and then requested a credit card from me. I told him I didn鈥檛 have one. He then told me to pay him $100 鈥渋n case I used the mini bar鈥? I told him that I didn鈥檛 have $100 and re-explained that the room had been paid for by the organisation and if there were any problems maybe he should talk to THEM! I also asked for the mini bar to be taken from my room as I had no intention of using it.The man then said that I had to wait until 2pm for a room to be available for me. I told him I was very tired and needed a cup of tea and a rest before having a shower, getting changed and attending the function at 3pm. He said I could use the shower at their 鈥楬ealth Cub鈥? I asked if there was a bed there I could rest on for a few hours... The answer was 鈥榥o鈥? He then turned away and ignored me....I then told him I NEEDED to rest (NO offer of a cup of tea was forthcoming...) and would do so by sleeping on a sofa in the foyer until a room was available. Within half an hour of me stretching out on one of the lounges, a LOVELY, kind and helpful young staff member, Ravi Singh, approached me and said a room was available and I that would be upgraded to a Premier Room. She took me to this room, which had two double beds in it (placed about 30cm apart).Returning to the room with my Aunt later that night after the function, and wanting to make ourselves another cup of tea, we realised that there was no milk left, as there had been only 3 or 4 single portions of milk provided. After trying to call room service about four times they finally answered the phone and promptly brought 4 more single portions.... Strangely, there were only enough products for ONE guest in the bathroom, so we had to share the shower cap and shampoo... and there was only one armchair to sit on...There WAS an extra sugar packet, I discovered it imbedded in thick dust under the TV... It鈥檚 probably STILL there!The next morning we went to check out at 9.30am. The 鈥榚xpress check out鈥?counter was unattended and the same man was at reception. He ignored me when I asked him if I could check out until, worried that I would miss my flight back home if I didn鈥檛 leave soon, I INSISTED on him taking my keys... He was SO RUDE that I approached another staff member in the foyer and asked him to identify the receptionist, whom he named as 鈥楢bdhallah鈥? I told this other staff member that I was going to write a review of the hotel, he looked shocked, then asked me what I was going to say in it.... I was SO disappointed to have this hotel stay almost ruined by the unpleasant Abdhallah. If there were more staff members like Ravi Singh employed to assist guests, it would almost be worth its five star rating....  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	5	2	1	4	-1	

<Author>jadore1
<Content>5 Star All Way - I'll Be Back For Another Stay! I very recently stayed here and it was nothing short of my 5 star thoughts, I have been lucky enought to travel throughout the world and yes, sometimes what you think you're gonna get and what you do get can be very different but I was not sold short here. The staff were very friendly and always helpful with our questions. The room was a good size and the bathroom too with both a bath and shower to choose from! It has a nice modern feel to it. We were plesantly surprised with our breakfast, it was served in the room as part of what we booked and we thought it would just be a piece of cold toast, no way, we didn't need lunch till late. Found it all really easy and peaceful. My partner and I will both be back. Thanks.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelnotmuch
<Content>5 star price, 1 star service , seriously Booked the romantic getaway package, it all sounded good BUT*booked smoking room, given non smoking room, back to reception... the staff reaction was not good, they were not happy with us.... *champagne and strawberries on arrival ??? took 2 hours, and 4 phone calls..... * given a card for someone- Ravi Singh to assist us in any way, however she was not at work and was at home!!! doesn't work weekends,, nice lady no help to us..!!!* in room breakfast, arrived on time.. but no sugar, milk, empty salt and pepper, and a filthy trolley. Coffee good, but coffee pot needed a clean... yuk... also only 1 chair..this was weird.The good stuff- awesome bed. bath and room was ok.the end  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>jpcm
<Content>Broadly OK but not without some issues... We stayed at the Radisson Plaza for 5 nights at the end of a trip to Australia. We had one of the Deluxe rooms overlooking O'Connell Street on the 11th Floor.Quality of the room very good - spotlessly clean, spacious, very very comfortable bed, nice marble bathroom thing... Staff very friendly and helpful.Location can't be faulted - 5 mins walk to Circular Quay, 5 mins to the main shopping drag - right in the centre of the business district (which actually made the streets around it a little quiet at the weekend).On the downside there is a large building site at the bottom of O'Connell Street where there were pile driving which was a little noisy and also the rooms were not very well insulated sound-wise from one another - we could hear next door's running shower and wake up music...Hotel also closed the swimming pool with 12 hours notice for refurbishment through to mid December - alternative available at the Marriott down the road but not ideal - especially given that the option of a morning swim was one of the reasons we booked the hotel. All in a good hotel but the above issues took the edge off it a little.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Blankko
<Content>Ticks All the Boxes A busy but very comfortable hotel in an excellent location. The standard room was tastefully decorated and furnished and included a swish marble clad bathroom with both bath and shower. Sizewise, I never felt cramped even though the room wasn't huge. The bed was comfy with good quality linen. Plenty of attractive places for breakfast nearby if you don't want to eat in. Sydney itself is great. I highly recommend the Manly ferry trip and the open top bus tours.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>oysterenthusiast
<Content>Get an inside room if you want to sleep We recently stayed at the Radisson on Saturday and Sunday night. The room faced onto Pitt Street - it was a Premier room, the next step up from Atrium. When we arrived it seemed quiet and we didn't hear street noise. However, that night a nearby club was blasting music outside. It was so loud and so late at night that I believe in most US cities you'd have to get a permit. I finally called reception at 12:45am and was told it would stop at 1am. When it was still blaring at 1:15am, I called again to request to be moved to another room. The said they didn't have any other rooms, and that they had called the club and were told it was a special function that would go until 2am. They offered me no alternatives. At this point I wish I had called the police, because it's very doubtful to me that this volume of noise outside would be legal. However, I just suffered through until it finally stopped. This is probably a lesson for any urban hotel - get an inside room. I wish we had saved some money and gotten an Atrium room so that we could sleep. Otherwise the room was gorgeous, the bed comfortable, and the bathroom spectacular. Oh well.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>CK1Adelaide
<Content>Great hotel good location The standard hotel room is very spacious,no views to speak of but I was out all day.Huge bathroom with separate shower/bath.I liked the fact that it actually has a TV as some hotels have that Teletext TV which drives me nuts.Service was extremely efficient not friendly but prompt.I would take good service over bad facility/service with friendly staff.That was about the only letdown.There was a underground walkway to the train station.10 minute walk to the Opera House and the same to Pitt St Mall.Can't ask much more from a hotel.I had a few grumbles about the wrongly billed minibar,noisy plumbing which I expressed in the post stay survey.I had a prompt reply from the GM and a refund.After all the reviews I have read on all the Sydney hotels especially the 5 star ones; one can't ask more than big rooms,good service,central location and good prices.What else do you need? There are heaps of things to do outside the hotel and this place had a pillow menu as well.The gym looks adequate and pool was good.There is the GPO Wood Fire Pizza 5 minutes walk away.The nearest eatery Malay Chinese Takeaway had the best laksa I have tasted in Australia-really.Max Brenner's chocolate bar is 7 minutes walk away for your late night nightcap.You get my drift...  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CamilleJeanPierre
<Content>The hype is justified 4 sure This really is a special place. The hype is justified and all the previous good reviews are bang on. From reception to leaving my bags on exit the service was impeccable and nothing was too much for the staff on hand. I opted for a premier standard room (the second most basic on their list) and it was very impressive. Large, well appointed, high ceilings, luxurious bathroom. The place was more like an executive room you get in other hotels. There鈥檚 a large hallway entrance, a massive king size bed with options to choose different pillow fabrics (decadent city, man!), an iPod radio/alarm docking station, advanced climate control, thick sumptuous bathrobes, a well stocked and reasonably priced minibar, a large desk and sofa chair. The bathroom is well lit with a large bath and separate shower cubicle. Enough said 鈥?you ain鈥檛 gonna do any better for your buck in such a central location because it鈥檚 also perfectly positioned in the CBD. Whilst I didn鈥檛 use the restaurant or bar they looked equally impressive and relaxing. I will come back to this place without a doubt. Prices do seem to vary greatly not only throughout the year but throughout the week. I got a great deal for my Sunday night stay but if it had been a Thursday night I would have paid double. A great place to stay for a few nights after you鈥檝e touched down before heading to cheaper digs. Unless you鈥檝e got loads of dosh to stay here for a week or two in which case I hate you. Enjoy.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Scotlandscout
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Ugly! One night stay for a quick visit so we wanted a hotel that was in a good locatiion. The Radisson is well placed to get around making it very central.We arrived very early 8.15am, and just expected to leave our luggage but there were rooms ready so we got our room key right away. Check in staff very accomodating and chatty, which was nice.And as we booked a atrium room we were told there ws no view (really none of the rooms have views) but that really did not bother us for such a short stay.The room itself (non smoking floor) was on an angle so a little oddly shaped and perhaps on the small side, furnishings modern and spotless with everthing in order. Excellent sized bathroom with sep shower and large bath, liked the very large mirror which took up almost a whole wall, again very clean and a good selection of toiletries, and more than the average number of towels, which is a bonus for me. Light as well with a large window.That was the good....The bad ....The truly awful breakfast, not much of a selection for a hotel such as this and what selection that there was (dreaded buffet) was of a very low quality. Sausages that tasted of sawdust and had been standing along with other foods for quite some time. Not even any yogurt or bread rolls. Very, very poor they even had the cheek to charge extra for a expresso coffee.The ugly....Even though we were not botherd about having a view, the view from the window was ugly! A collection of air vents and brick wall, and at the window of the room, which had no curtains, had a white roman blind which was kept down all the time, so if you are a light sleeper and like your room dark, no chance!All in all the hotel was in a good location with very nice polite staff and on hand with useful information, rooms well appointed with good bathrooms, but let down badly on the b/fast, but you dont have to have it! Plenty places aound to eat  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SixContinents
<Content>Great hotel choice for business travelers Stayed 2 nights on business with a free room upgrade (booked on hotel web site) and used hotel fitness center and laundry service. Pros: Convenient location in Sydney CBD, lots of restaurant choices nearby (no need to use hotel restaurant if you don't want to) and a five minute walk to Circular Quay.- Rooms recently renovated with comfortable beds, internet service worked reliably- Efficient front desk check in / check outCons: Fitness center has reasonable amount of cardio equipment and weight machines for a hotel, but a lot of the machines and equipment are old. A better option may be to head over to Circular Quay for a run. (There's an interesting run along the elevated Cahill Walk and across the Harbour Bridge--to get there take the elevator located just outside the Circular Quay train station.)- Likely similar at other area hotels, but the laundry service is expensive (A$15.95 tax included for one shirt). Overall was quite impressed with hotel. It left the impression that it is well managed and the staff care about the job they are doing. Would choose to stay there again on another trip to Sydney for business or tourism.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>krazygloo
<Content>Fair value, good location My husband and I stayed at the Radisson for 5 nights in October. We booked a one bedroom suite with tub.The room layout was fantastic, air conditioning system worked really well, desk setup was nice and the TV was a good size. The closet space was good with drawers for clothing, it was nice to unpack and store the suitcases off the side. There was a separate seating area and a safe beside the bed. The bathroom was a very good size; my only complaint would be that it did not have a tempature regulated mixer in the shower, so if someone flushed the toilet you tended to get scalded. The bed was reasonably comfortable and they do offer a pillow menu as well. Housekeeping was top points; the room appeared clean and replenished every day.The gym was average; the equipment could use a little updating, but all functional and tidy. We had mixed feelings about the massage, but this hotel is not known for this service, next time I would give it a pass.The lounge on the main floor was comfortable and the staff extremely friendly, accommodating and attentive. As this is a business oriented hotel, it defiantly catered to those who needed the amenities. The business centre was also functional and easy to access. My only complaint here is that the internet, which is accessed through a 3rd party was sloppy, the cable that came with our room didn鈥檛 work, so we had to get another one, and I guess I was under the impression that the rooms would be wireless. Other than that, the Valet was prompt and friendly, location was reasonably good, try the Japanese restaurant on the other side of the street, as well as the cafe on the corner. Its a few blocks off the main shopping district, making it a bit farther than other hotels, but great at night as the nightlife isn鈥檛 outside your window.We did not try the restaurant in the hotel as there are many choices within the area of the hotel which are well priced. In addition, the room service achieved their target time, and the food was decent.Over all, a well priced hotel for the business traveller or tourist that can offer.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Bangkokexpat
<Content>Excellent Hotel I am a leisure traveler, who now lives in Bangkok. I stayed at the Radisson for 12 nights at the end of September 2008. Location. Perhaps the best feature of the Radisson is it's location in the CBD. I was able to take a train from the airport to the Wynyard station, which is only a block away from the hotel. Because I was able to walk to almost all the places I wanted to visit in Sydney, I used public transportation very little. Some examples: Circular Quay (10-15 minutes' walk), Sydney Opera House (15-20 minutes), Pitt Street Mall (5-7 minutes). In the immediate vicinity of the hotel, were all the services I needed, such as two 24 hour convenience stores, book store, food courts, and ATM machines. Some comments I read suggested that the area was dead after office hours and on weekends, but I did not find that to be the case. There were always others on the street and I always felt totally safe, even with many late night walks back to the hotel from the Sydney Opera House. Neighborhood restaurants and entertainment venues were open nightly.Room. I had an inside room on the 10th floor. It was large and had every imaginable convenience and amenity. I particularly liked the iPod docking station with speakers. The room itself was furnished in the contemporary or minimalist style favored by international chains. I would prefer something more elaborate, but the room was so convenient and comfortable, that I can't complaint. The bathroom was gorgeous.The Staff. The staff couldn't do enough for me. They were friendly and went beyond just answering a question or providing a service. I consider the friendliness and competency of the staff a prime attribute of this fine hotel.Plaza Club. Because I was going to stay for 12 nights, I decided to spend the extra money and upgrade to the Plaza Club, or whatever they call it. Breakfast in the Plaza Club, which was located on my floor, while not grotesquely elaborate like some five star hotels, was plentiful, varied and delicious. The cocktail hour at night was replete with wonderful food. I had free access to the PCs in the business center (I don't travel with a laptop) 24 hours a day. The upgrade was well worth the cost and I highly recommend it.I loved Sydney and am planning to return next year. I wouldn't stay in any hotel other than the Radisson. As they kids say: They have their act together.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelette08
<Content>Fantastic experience in every way My boyfriend and I stayed here for our anniversary. We had a really lovely stay. Even though we purchased the cheapest package, when we arrived they upgraded us to a room with a spa. My boyfriend asked them to organise some flowers, which they did and they were absolutely beautiful and waiting in the room when we arrived. The buffet breakfast was great, and the staff at reception were so helpful the whole time.Out room was lovely, huge, and freshly decorated. I'm so sick of big hotel chains that are shabby and still expensive.We couldn't have been happier with the Radisson Plaza Sydney.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>T-A-UK
<Content>A lovely night My fiancee and I have just returned from an evening at the Radisson and it was most enjoyable. The hotel itself is lovely and the rooms are excellent. Nothing is too hard for the staff. There is valet car parking and we were pleasantly informed that even though we were checking out on the saturday morning we could still take our car in and out of the valet parking until midnight that night! This meant we could go for a wander and then park the car while we did some stuff in the city.The room was a good size (Atrium room) and while it didn't have a view we weren't concerned as you really don't spend any time in your room anyway. The bathroom was huge, the only slight issue was that the shower kept facing the wall but we were able to wrap the cord on the shower head around pole and that helped it point into the middle of the shower. Food wise the only downside was that the scrambled eggs appeared to be powdered. There is a chef that prepares eggs to your liking on the day so next time we will just go with that.Overall a most enjoyable evening. We will most definately be back!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>opinion81
<Content>Great location, great hotel Very good experience while booking my stay followed by excellent check-in staff and bellhops! Room was perfect and as one of our days in Sydney was rainy we spent quite some time in our room and also in the public spaces where we received excellent service with great food and drink.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>middge
<Content>Fabulous place to stay Our first hotel in Australia when we arrived in Sydney from Paris (my wife, myself and our 3 children). Very well located in the town centre and walking distance from everything. Clean rooms, helpful staff, good facilities - a perfect place to start a trip to Australia  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rbmb
<Content>Recommended Nice hotel. Good for business.10 minute walk to Harbour.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Parkerpeople
<Content>Loved the Radisson Plaza! Believe the hype! My husband and I stayed here this week during a quick trip to Sydney to celebrate our anniversary and see a show at the State Theatre. We thought about staying at the Swissotel which is across the road from the theatre, however decided on the Radisson after reading the reviews.So glad we did. All the staff knew it was our annivserary after I made a passing comment on the website booking form (I booked direct with the hotel) and treated us so well. We stayed in an executive floor room - which had access to the executive club. Fantastic. The canapes in the early evening are nearly enough for a meal and the drinks on offer are far more than we expected. We were given free cocktails (thank you Jasmine) for our anniversary and treated like rock stars.Everything was fabulous. Breakfast the next morning in the club was also a full buffet spread and more selection than anyone could ask for.We didn't bring our young daughter, however wouldn't hesitate next time as other families were there with their little ones and the kids were treated just as well as the grownups.All the staff are super friendly and there is no five star snobbish behaviour.The hotel was about a ten minute walk to the QVB and Pitt St - very well suited if you had business in the banking end of town but not too far from Circular Quay and other tourist spots. Couldn't recommend the hotel enough!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>chotman
<Content>"Excellent Service"       (2bedroom suite) dining table  work table  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dbc1980
<Content>Great location I booked with the hotel chain directly and got a great deal for a 5 night stay. We upgraded to the Executive floor (top 2 floors of the hotel) where we had a fab view and could even see the Harbour Bridge from the balcony! Breakfast was served in the Executive Lounge and drinks were free in the evening until 7pm!The room was immaculate; staff were very friendly and best of all - the location was superb.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aust_mum
<Content>Good location The room was lovely - bathroom was great - large separate bath, walk in shower. The hotel's buffet breakfast is a shocker. Coffee is awful and staff aren't generous with refills. The cafe over the road on the corner was the best place for an easy meal. The beds are extremely hard - but I suspect that suits the Asian market who seem to like their beds to be firm? Pool is an indoor lap pool on the 1st floor. On the whole, I'd probably not stay there again as there are other places to try next time. It wasn't good enough to want to use it regularly.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>traveling*chococat
<Content>Fabulous It was our first trip to Sydney and based on reviews on Trip Advisor, the Radisson Plaza was an easy choice. Very nice front reception desk, upgraded us to a corner room, very nice views of the CBD. Beds were extremely comfortable, bathrooms were nicely appointed and classic. No noise from surrounding rooms - a plus! The CBD was very hip and happening during the week, on the weekend, a little quieter but a nice change of pace. Very easy walk to Wynyard station - great public transportation on the train system! The Rocks and Circular Quay are also less than 5 minutes away. Amazing. We loved the Radisson so much we booked to return for our final weekend in Sydney there as well. Highly recommended. Only one drawback, the concierge was a bit snooty. One final addition, their Bistro Fax was a nice place to have a relaxed dinner. Good Mod Oz cuisine and nice waitstaff.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dath
<Content>Not what I had hoped for Having read good trip adviser reviews I booked an Atrium room package on the hotel's own website. Disappointed with room, old fashioned TV with poor reception in a dark wooden noisy cabinet, all other hotels of this rating I've stayed at in Sydney at least had a plasma or LCD. View of an alleyway, not what I expected. Nice bathroom, comfy beds. Breakfast room downstairs seemed like you were eating in a cellar. Good location though, easy walk to Rocks and shopping. Would I stay again, probably not, I'd pick a hotel at The Rocks - with a decent view!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Alanxx
<Content>Really enjoyable stay We had 4 nights in a Plaza club room and enjoyed every minute.The room was more than adequate with a good bathroom.What really made the stay was the Plaza Club.We upgraded on arrival and were very well looked after.I don't eat meat and one night it was mostly meat canapes so the person in charge of the Club telephoned the chef and had some food especially sent up to the Club for me.Excellent service.We would certainly return  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>EGANSMIND
<Content>Excellent Location and Excellent Room Booked this hotel through Trailfinders after reading the good reviews on Trip Advisor. Was very impressed with the location, being only a short walk to Circular Quay, The Opera House and The Harbour Bridge.We wallked most nights to Darling Harbour which we found better than Circular Quay and The Rocks. It was a little bit further but the weather was nice so we didnt mind. Staff were very helpful and the room service was excellent for ordering food and for making your room every day. The Rooms were modern, very clean and very comfortable giving that home from home feeling.We stayed on the top floor and had a balcony where the sun came shining through the room at around 4pm each day which was nice. Make sure you go across the road on a Friday to the Square. It is very busy and the atmosphere is brilliant where Sydney office people start their weekend. In the same square the tall building contains one of Sydney's best restaurants. THE SUMMIT ! You will need to book though as it is always booked up on weekends. Its a 360 degree revolving restaurant and the food and views all accross Sydney are excellent.I would recommend the Raddison to everyone.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Packhorse
<Content>A treat We had a good room with a glimpse of the Bridge. Well thought out room. Impeccable service. Excellent food from Bar or Restaurant. Brilliant value. Only one criticism: the so-called Business Centre a disgrace - expensive compared with Dubai or Bangkok, internet cut off without warning, ludicrously short opening hours.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>MegaPearls
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location We got a great price when booking the Radisson in Sydney, we booked on lastminute.com.au and stayed at the Radisson for 4 nights upon arrival in Australia. The hotel is located within walking distance to the main shopping areas. A walk to Darling Harbour takes about 15 minutes. We got a fabulous room with a huge bathroom (walk in shower and big bath). We had room service in the middle of the night (jetlag...) and the service and food was great. The internet only cost 18 Aussie dollars for 24 hours which isn't bad when you compare it to other hotels in Sydney. For breakfast we walked a few minutes to the nearby restaurants and cafes. In general, we had a great stay at this hotel. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>timeout34
<Content>Rethink the Radisson I've just returned from a rare, very much anticipated long weekend in Sydney with my sister, and am now looking forward to a good night's sleep! We booked the Radisson after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, and were hoping for a bit of luxury to spoil ourselves. Instead, we got a very average room (okay, we booked on Wotif, but even so). We had booked two single beds, but basically got a king bed that had been split in two but both sides were still right next to each other (I mean literally, about half a centimetre gap) - not ideal at all. The beds were peculiarly made with thin mattresses on top of other enormous mattresses, with sheets that didn't tuck in properly and it all just kept sliding off and coming untucked. There were two odd bedside lamps hanging right down from the ceiling at head height, so every time we got out of bed or sat up we banged our heads. We didn't even get saucers to go with our cups. Our bath plug leaked, and our lamp wasn't working (to be fair, they did fix the lamp as soon as we told them about it). The swimming pool was average (the pictures do it a lot of favours), the steam room smelt horrible, and the spa was tiny and closed for maintenance. The whole hotel felt like a bolthole for airline staff and for corporate conferences.Good points: great location, beautiful building (on the outside only, at least in our experience), staff quite helpful.Bad points: completely unrestful.What a waste of a holiday! Sydney was fun though.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Crazycat
<Content>The Radisson was brilliant!       Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TaylorP
<Content>Celebratory Weekend a great success at the Radisson Plaza My husband and I have just returned from celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary at the Radisson Plaza. Our weekend was made extra special by the wonderful, friendly staff members there. Starting at check in we were upgraded to a Plaza Club room on the 10th floor by a very helpful young lady (we had already booked an 'Indulge in the City' rate which gave us access to the Plaza Club lounge). The concierge and the young man who brought up our luggage couldn't have done more for us. Access to the Club lounge proved to be one of the highlights of our stay, especially the breakfast which had a great selection and included lots of fresh fruit, yoghurts and pastries and a delicious mix of 4 hot options (different choice the next day), as well as the usual cereals, juice, toast etc and good espresso coffee. The Plaza Club staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help, bringing coffee and toast and even arranging with housekeeping to change our doona for a blanket, they really made us feel at home. Canapes served each evening in the Club lounge with a glass of sparkling (or wine, beer etc) also put us into celebratory mood and solved our problem of needing a quick snack before leaving for the Opera one night.The room was lovely with the most comfortable hotel bed and pillows I think we've ever had. Decor was elegant, marble floored bathroom had a full length bath and separate shower. Only negative was - we would have loved a second armchair. There were two chairs but the other was a padded desk chair which belonged to the handy business desk.On leaving we were able to store our luggage for as long as we needed and when we collected it the helpful doorman not only lifted the cases down the stairs but gave us full instructions for the next leg of our trip. Full marks to the professional and ultra friendly staff who made our stay so welcoming, we look forward to returning in the future.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RORSCAN
<Content>Lovely Hotel in Excellent Location - but breakfast prices are exhorbitant. The Radisson Plaza in the heart of Sydney's CBD was a great place to stay on a weekend visit to Sydney. The location, just a short stroll from the Central Quai and a few blocks from the George Street Shops and the touristy Darling Harbour, was ideal for pedestrian travellers. It will be our first choice on a return visit to the city.Booking via the internet was efficient and easy.Our room while on the smaller side, was perfect for the two of us. It was excellently maintained, and extremely comfortable.All of the staff we met from doorman to concierge were extremely courteous and helpful, and we could only praise their professionalism and their service. It was much of the same calibre as boutique hotels in which we have stayed, and there is a very comfortable small hotel feel to the Radisson Plaza.Our only complaint was with the buffet breakfasts. The buffet trays were not always kept full, and the choices were somewhat mundane. At thirty plus Australian Dollars per person, we felt the prices exhorbitant and after one breakfast, we walked across the street to a cafe. There, waiting for our order to arrive, we sipped coffee and juice, enjoyed the passing parade and talked to each other. We did not have to wait in line for a short order cook who was trying to catch up on the bacon tray, stand in line for toast to be cooked, wait for the juice container to be refilled, and hope that there would be hot hashbrowns or pancakes ready when we finally got to that section of the buffet. . It actually took less time for our restuarant ordered breakfast to arrive, and it cost significantly less ($7.00 Au) per person. . A significant difference in price.We noticed in booking, that the prices for the rooms dropped as it got closer to our anticipated date of arrival. We paid quite a few dollars less than the rate that was initially posted for the room by waiting until shortly before our arrival date to reserve. If we excluded the breakfast experience from our review, we would have rated our stay as excellent, and we recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dustys_Mum
<Content>Faultless and great value This hotel was simply faultless for the price. I have travelled extensively and I found this property comparative to any in the world. We travelled to Sydney for my brother's wedding and had a number of rooms on a range of floors and all were of a high standard - the showers are incredible. We also had a range of needs in terms of room types that changed on very short notice and the staff were very accommodating even though the hotel was full. Further, my mother is disabled and the staff could not have been more helpful and understanding of her needs. I recommend making the most of the facilities - the steam room is lovely. The location is great and we even tried the bistro for dinner one night and the meal was great. That said we also used the cafes around the hotel as there are plenty of options.This hotel is great and we will be heading back as soon as possible!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tinat168
<Content>Absolutely Terrific!! We had quite a different experience than the previous reviewer... it was absolutely amazing!! We arrived at the hotel at around 8:30am, hoping for a room, but of course since it was so early, we didn't expect anything. The manager on duty was extremely friendly and called housekeeping to service our soon-to-be room. We also upgraded to the Plaza Lounge (for $85/day, less if you're traveling alone). He sent us up to the lounge where we enjoyed hot and continental breakfast, coffee and tea. Around 10am, the manager came up to escort us to our room -- this is a little longer than what we had anticipated, but we can't really complain since official check-in time is 4pm. Room was very clean, modern, chic, comfortable and bigger than expected! I heard that some hotels in the CBD are small, which is true (our friend was staying at a large 4-star hotel nearby and his room was Manhattan-tiny!). The upgrade includes unlimited internet access, complimentary turndown, 2 pressings for clothes and all-you-can-eat-and-drink beverage and canapes hour -- red, white and sparkling wine, liquor and mixers, beer, soft drinks, sparking water, fresh oysters etc. Needless to say, with all this good food, we hit the gym, which was very well-equipped. Overall, excellent service and a stellar hotel!I would agree though that there is limited selection of food options immediately near the hotel, but after a 5-10 min walk you have a plethora of restaurants of all varieties. Note: many places are closed on Good Friday -- we ate Chinese dimsum for lunch and Chinese for dinner that day :) absolutely amazing  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CuteEmma
<Content>10th stay and still great! This was my husband's 10th stay at the Radisson - the reason we know this is because we had a welcome basket with Easter eggs and fruit when we arrived and a card from the Manager wishing him a lovely 10th stay! I have stayed with him on 5 of these occasions and this was the first stay with out 1 year old daughter!The service was excellent as usual and the bathrooms are the best you will ever see in a hotel - I have never ever stayed in a hotel with a better bathroom. The Concierges were awesome, I never had to ask for help with my pram someone would always come and assist me down the stairs. The cot they provided (at no extra charge) was excellent and my daughter slept very well (better then she does at home!) they also allowed us to stay in the room a bit later before we checked out so my daughter could have her morning nap before we went out for the day. I would never stay in another hotel in Sydney - it is so close to everything and they make you feel very special. The cafe across the road is also very nice!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peggy8
<Content>acid trip-advisor....... we booked this hotel for a weekend stay, based on reviews from tripadvisor. Are you guys for real!!!?? this place is at best mediocre, at worst awful.1) booked a car through them to collect us from airport, it wasn't there because the driver didn't know what flight we were on'!! (despite us confirming by email many days in advance) but of course, NO apology from him or the hotel, at $85?2) after speaking to them at our expense on an overseas cellphone, about where the driver was, get there 40 mins later and they have no room ready for us, at 7pm! told to wait 'over there' for 20 mins whilst they find a room for us (what the?) no complimentary drink, no apology, again. by this time we are really not liking these stupid people.3) get to the room, it smells damp.hmmm, the carpet is wet. quite wet, obviously just been steaming it. so its clean, yes, but wet. great.3a)after discussing with the bellhop that he should look after our bags whilst we wait for our room, we get to the room and he brings us someone else's bags. back to bellhop school for him.4)next morning, go down to the buffet, expecting a complimentary breakfast of some kind, and are told that at $440 a night, it is not included....we say to the guy 'are you serious????' yes we are' he says. not, 'i'm sorry you were expecting something that you haven't got, let me rectify it by giving you a voucher so you can have a coffee and some toast so you feel somewhat better about this crap hotel'5)book a taxi through them 4 hours in advance to be taken to a wedding, go down at designated time, no cab booked, doorman has to hail one off the street.6)and on the room, there is a tiny magnifying mirror in the bathroom, that's it, huge bathroom, no mirror. $440 a night. great.7) the hotel decor is mostly dull and uninspiring, it feels like a business meeting place at the airport. the pool is only 1m deep - what's up with that? for dwarfs? great.8)the restaurant 'bistro-fax', food expensive and nasty, limited, yuk. no restaurants around the hotel, as in CBD, crap location..the positives are: comfy bed, nice pillows, quiet room,nice bathroom, good gym, clean, well serviced, prompt room-service. that's it. stay here if you have no taste for food or decor, like shabby service, and don't mind waiting....a lot...  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	1	2	3	

<Author>suziem
<Content>So close to everything! We stayed at the Radisson on a busy weekend in late February. Check in was quick and polite. The porters were there right away to help with the luggage and the concierge was extremely helpful in letting us know where best to dine with a five year old in tow.The hotel is clean and we stayed in one of the atrium rooms. I wouldn't say that the rooms were huge but they were clean and quiet. Our room had a big window that looked out to an inside light well. The bathroom was huge and had a deep soaker tub and a separate shower stall. We had a mini fridge in our room.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant but it looked busy every night. There is a lap pool, sauna, and steam room for hotel guests and the night we used it, it was empty except for us.The best thing about the Radisson is that it is so close to Circular Quay, which is pretty much in tourist central. It is about 3 blocks to walk down to the Quay. It is within 10 minutes walking time to the Rocks. If you head the opposite direction, it is about a five to ten minute walk to the main shopping area of the city. If you want to catch the city rail (train), Wynard or Martin Place stations are the closest to the hotel.The hotel rates itself as a five star hotel but I would probably rate it a 4 and a half. All in all, it is a fantastic hotel if you want to be close to all the action.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Crestwicke
<Content>Great Location As with other reviews, the location can't be beat, but after the businesses close down for the evening, there isn't much dining available without walking to the wharf. We did enjoy the dining room at the hotel, not the real expensive one, but just the one in the lobby. Nice fish selections. The bar scene is lively too, which is a plus when you are visiting a new country. The room had several little things in disrepair, but not enough to wait in line at the front desk to report them. Overall, it was a good value in a good location.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pcollico
<Content>Lovely and quiet We spent two nights over a weekend here after making a decision to not stay in the Darling Harbour area where we have stayed many times previously. This hotel had great service, no check in or check out problems, very quiet and bright airy rooms and very pleasant and friendly, helpful and efficient staff. This is a superb location close to the city centre, minutes walk from Circular Key and The Rocks, and within easy distance of other areas if you desire. Having stayed in 10 international hotels in the last year this rates as being the equal with many others.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>corky_c
<Content>Very good business hotel I used to commute between Melbourne and Sydney (Australia) for work and regularly stayed at the Radisson Plaza. I've stayed at this hotel at least 20 times in the last 3 years.The Radisson Plaza is a gorgeous, modern hotel in a historic building. The rooms are nicely decorated in neutral tones and are always very clean. The hotel has an excellent room service menu and 2 nice restaurants (Bilson and Bistro Fax). The thing I love most about this hotel is that it only ever takes me less than 5 mins to check-in and out. They have my details on the system and all I have to do is sign when I arrive - room keys are already ready. The only thing I don't like about this hotel is that I've found the concierge/bell boys lazy and unhelpful. On a few occasions, as I'm lugging my suitcase up the stairs on O'Connell side to get into the hotel, the concierge/bell boy have just stood there, staring and not offering any assistance. I have to say this is the only hotel I've stayed where they don't offer any assistance with your luggage (even 3 star hotels do this!). Having said that, the unhelpful concierge/bell boys have not deterred me from staying at this hotel because I do like every other aspect of it.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>sweetiepark
<Content>Deserves it reviews I stayed at this hotel for a weekend in early February 2008. It is quite possibly the best hotel I have ever stayed in! I am not quite sure why I feel I need to rave about it so much except that everything we wanted was right there and the staff were exceptionally friendly. The room was very clean. The bathrobes and towels very fluffy (this seems to be something a lot of hotels seem to think it is OK to skimp on). It was a 10 minute walk into the Pitt Street Mall (city centre) and a 10 minute walk in the other direction to Circular Quay/Opera House. We originally were given a unit for people with disabilities which was fine except I wanted to try out the baths they advertise on their website so I requested a change which was no problem. This place thoroughly deserves its reviews I have read!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>nice hotel in perfect location very nice hotel,new and well locatedjust dont expect high end luxurywe stopped here 3 days with my wife after a china business trip stay in sydney was perfect and hotel enviroment and location helped(met k.kwong at her restaurant,15 minutes taxi from hotel)loved the room and the bath ,window connectedliked buffet breakfast included in room rate  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DVal
<Content>Quite simply outstanding service. This being our second trip to Sydney we decided to try a differant hotel. After reading some reveiws about this hotel on TA we were expecting high things. We were not dissapointed in the slightest. On arrival we were welcomed with a warm smile and friendly, yet respectfull greeting by the doorstaff, and help into the hotel with our luggage. The front desk staff were hugely polite and helpful offering me the best room in the hotel on finding out I had booked our stay here to coinside with my girlfriends birthday. And what a room. On the top floor, this corner room seemed to be in the converted loft area of the hotel and was simply huge. Decorated to a very high spec with all the mod cons you'd expect from a 5* hotel as well. The concierge was very knoledgable and was very happy to go out of his way to help us organise excursions, get us a table at restaurants that I knew were booked out months in advance after trying myself, and generally being very helpfull. The Club lounge is very nice with evening drinks and canapes being served nightly and a breakfast service second to none. The choices offered were anything you desired it seemd! Overall from our arrival to departure the hotel's staff couldn't have done more for us even with the hectic too'ings and frowing's of the Indian cricket team from the hotel and the swarves of press camped out on the doorstep.Ive stayed at some of the leading hotels in the world and i'm happy to rate the Radisson Plaza in my top 3.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jetsettter
<Content>Over-Rated My first instance of a problem was when I arrived, to be told there was no reservation. After some shuffling, my reservation was found since it had originally been made as a pre-registered arrival (room held for an early morning check-in). The check-in clerk was quite apologetic and indeed efficient. Having found my room, he checked me in and off i went.As i opened the door to the room i immediately realised I had been checked into the wrong room. The original booking had been for a 1br king spa suite (shown on the web site and advertised with a guest toilet). I had changed the booking once removing the pre-registration request and had sent 2 emails requesting informatio neither of which have ever been acknowledged. On the day i was checking in (interstate local) I sent a fax to the hotel requesting a later check-out and a pillow request (since the hotel advertises a pillow menu). So i had done all I could to make my requests known.Back down to the check-in and again the staff member was most apologetic but the reservation (and I had all the details of the booking) at the hotel end was not correct. However after moving some people off their allocated upgrades (sorry bout that) I was given the 1 br spa king I had booked. No pillow request, no late check-out confirmation, no guest toilet.I know things can go wrong, I am in the industry, but with so much follow through from my end it just really surprised me that a hotel so highly reviewed by TA (and my choice was based on that) could get it so wrong.To the Hotels credit they did give me late check-out.Overall, this is a good hotel for tourists coming in from overseas on exchange rates that make you think it is cheap but for the average australian traveller it is over rated and over priced. Ive seen better decor in cheaper hotels and the room service pricing is just excessive (but no doubt thats Sydney). Thank goodness for the hotels location with everything you could want in walking distance and a fraction of the price.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>dalainz
<Content>A comfortable friendly, very central hotel close to everything We have just returned from a four night stay and were really pleased with the hotel. We booked on www.wotif.com and got a really good deal ( bearing in mind it was Australia Day weekend).The hotel is set in a quiet street about a 10 minute walk to Darling Harbour and pretty much all the central tourist sites. Its convenient for all the CBD Hire car offcies too - which are an easy walk away through the park.Our room and bathroom was modern and comfortable and the only niggle was that the TV was pretty low rent but as we didnt really use it - not a problem.If you have kids to entertain in the early evening you might want to check up on this when you book. Broadband is available in the room for $24 per 24 hours and wifi at the same price is available in the lobby. Breakfast was more than adequate and service was really quick. The gym and indoor pool were good too but a tad small - but note the pool is really for adults wanting to exercise rather than a place to take the kids to unwind after a big day sight seeing. We would definitely consider it again when we next visit Sydney.All in all a really friendly hotel  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>centola
<Content>Safe choice but nothing special We recently spent 4 nights in the Radisson Plaza after combing through many reviews on TripAdvisor and making our choice. We are frequent travellers worldwide and these are our impressions.The pros:1) the location is excellent, a quick walk to almost anywhere you'd like to go to in the Sydney Central Business District.2) the rooms are pleasant, clean and functional, easily the standard of a business hotel in a large city elsewhere in the world. It feels rather corporate, but they include all the little things you might need, like an iron, an extra blanket or pillow, and a small kettle for making a hot drink. The beds are very comfortable, the television works, internet access was fine and the overall impression is good. The bathroom was well-cleaned and new.The cons:1) the breakfast. We tried it once. It was woeful. In a city of Sydney's standard when it comes to food, it was even more disappointing to have such a low quality at the price they charged. I think we ordered a buffet breakfast that allowed us to only have cold food, and it was really very disappointing. Highly processed cereals, no muesli, bread that was cheap and nasty, fruit that was passable but nothing special, super-sweet yoghurts (whatever happened to plain yoghurt, full-fat?), bad quality tea and terrible coffee. It was like a buffet breakfast from the 1970s, and Sydney is a city that has excellent coffee and food available on every corner (that's what we did the other days). They charged us around A$25 per person for this. If you wanted watery scrambled eggs that had sat in the warming drawer, it cost quite a bit more.2) the bathroom. Our shower leaked, not terribly, but enough that it was irritating. The bathmat was sopping after each shower. The staff prominently placed a card stating that it was up to us to indicate when we wanted our towels changed. We unfortunately had to change them daily as there was nowhere to really hang them in the bathroom. If they really want guests to think of the environment and economize with cleaning, then they should put in some first-rate towel bars where the towels they give you to use can really air and either rake the floors so the shower drains properly, or clean the drains more frequently (or maybe both). One last thing: many reviewers discuss the staff. Most of them seemed extremely nice and eager to please, but when we arrived for check-in, the doorman at the top of the stairs who saw us struggling with our cases pretended to not see us and looked the other way.With a little bit of work this could be a lovely hotel. If eating a very mediocre breakfast doesn't worry you, nor mopping up the bathroom floor after each shower, then it's a pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>jemipie
<Content>Spot-On! The unexpected highlight of our honeymoon hotels! Great location, charming staff and amazing service. Very clean and well designed rooms. We loved the urban chic decor and comfy bed. Great lap pool and delicious room service too. Check in and out were smooth and easy and concierge were delightful. If you're wondering where to stay in Sydney, your search ends here. Whether you want to head to the harbour or the shops, this is the perfect spot.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>megablst
<Content>Good experience at the Rad Stayed here for one night on our way through to New Zealand. I've been before and as with my previous stay everything was exceptional from the furnishings of the room to the customer service. Location is perfect for seeing sydney being 5 mins from circular key and 5 mins in the opposite direction to the center of Sydney's shopping. The bed was particularly of note - the best we slept in whilst away (we both agreed on this).The only thing you won't get here is any form of view from the window, other than that this is great place to stay and excellent value for money.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daccas
<Content>Good without being exceptional Had we not been staying here over new year I would probably have left with a more positive feeling. Because of the time we stayed we obviously had to pay a premium. This left me feeling that we hadn't really gotten value for money. We had a room with a queen bed which was too small and given we paid over 拢200 per night I thought that was poor. The service was OK but not to the standard I was expecting. We had a car and were please to hear they had a valet service. HOWEVER, what they failed to tell us was that it cost $37 per day!We stayed at the Shangi-La 2 years earlier for a similar price. I'd definitely choose that over the Radisson next time.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>DLODRATSAB
<Content>PERFECTLY SITUATED I stayed at the Radisson Plaza for 7 nights over New Year with my wife and two teenage daugters .This stylish hotel is in a perfect location being only five minutes walk from circular quay and the main shopping areas .Check-in was fast and efficient and the rooms were very well presented and maintained to a very high standard throughout our stay .All the staff were very freindly and helpful and one staff member deserves particular mention , Lee the young barman was very efficient and engaging and is a real credit to this hotel .I will certainly stay at this very nice hotel on my next stay in this wonderful city  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hmclehto
<Content>Awesome Stayed in Radisson Plaza for two nights. We arrived a little early and our room wasn't ready so they upgraded us without us asking into a supeberb king room. It was lovely, so quiet, spacious, clean etc. Hotel facilities were great too gym, spa, steam room and pool were happily used by us.And can;t get over the location, so near Circular Quay, Darling Harbour, shops, restaurants etc so 10+ for this Hotel will definately stay again  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wine_Gums_Addict
<Content>In the CBT but central for everything Stayed 4 nights in Syd on honeymoon (late twenties). Stayed in club room, liked free canapes and 'champagne' every night (Australian sparkling wine fair enough, still nice).Nice hotel, has everything you need, quite small though. Swimming pool is nice but not very wide, only fits a couple of swimmers swimming lengths.Not a tall building so no great views (ours was interesting though into an office bldg over the road - one man did not go home the entire time we were there honestly!) Staff was pleasant, rooms clean and everything you'd expect from a 4* reputable Radisson hotel. Would recommend it.Location was great, and convenience of easy walking access to everything (e.g. Rocks, Darling Harbour, CBD, Parks, Oxford St etc) was worth not having a view of the harbour for. Straight over the road to Wyndham underground line for further afield.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LottieCardiff
<Content>Just lovely... Had a one night stay here whilst in Sydney. It was just perfect; spacious room, beautiful beds, quiet air con, luxurious bathrooms with lovely toileteries. Breakfast served in the bedroom was definitely a highlight - a full table with hot plate timely delivered with strawberry ricotta pancakes to die for. Recommend the chocolate dipped strawberries too!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KylieBrisbaneLocal
<Content>Very impressed with hotel and location Stayed at this hotel for work training, very central location you can walk to everything. Hotel room booked was the standard but I think it was above averge, very very clean, felt brand new, not many hotels rooms look exactly like the photos on the website like this one did. Check in and out was super fast, less than 5 min, bed was brilliant, excellent shower and bath, view was of the street below but ok. Very quiet, you cant hear anything at night. Was only there for one night so didnt get a change to check out pool but Im sure that was great as well. Very good quality for pretty low price ($250).  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wildthing271
<Content>Great hotel in a great location Firstly you do not stay at this hotel for the views - I had an inner courtyard view, and even if you have an outside room, you wil have a view of a busy street.But the location is great - 5 minutes walk to Circular Quay, the Botantic Gardens, Hyde Park, Wynyard and the Pitt Street Mall. You can't go wrong.Room was not out of this world but was comfortable, clean and very functional. Bathroom was nice - powerful good showers, deep baths and nice toiletries in the room too.Service good - for some reason I'd been booked into a smoking room but moving me to a non-smoker was no problem at all. Staff were courteous whenever I encountered them, and maid service in the room was good.Didn't bother with the restaurants - usual hotel prices for drinks and breakfast. I wandered over to the Capri Cafe in the Menzies Arcade by Wynyard Station every morning for a freshly cooked fry up every morning for A$10!!Hotel is strongly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>AngusY
<Content>Perfect Stay We stayed our last nigh tin Sydney here. We had asked for a quiet room as we were also celebrating an aniversary. When we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a suite and congratulations. We arrived to our room and there was a letter from the manager along with champange. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was perfect. The location is great also with only a short walk to the harbour/opera house.Check out was friendly and effeciant. Would definatly stay here on the next visit to Sydney  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fantokyo
<Content>Good Business Hotel Location is excellent if you are on business and your office is nearby (such as in my case) and it is reasonable convenient to the Opera House, the rocks and shopping in central sydney.Staff are overall very friendly, always greet you when you arrive by taxi, open the doors when walking into the lobby etc.Rooms are good but not very spacious. No views.Dry Cleaning is poor. I had a pair of cotton pants washed and the laundry/pressing was so poor that I had to redo it. Shirts were not done particulary well either.A good value hotel, but not particulary memorable.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>davo2005
<Content>A real gem! This was our second stay at the Radisson in 6 months and once again we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We only stayed one night and wished we could have stayed longer. The room we stayed in was a premier room and by hotel standards is huge. Not only did the room have one of the largest and most comfortable beds ive experienced, it also has a comfy armchair, a large writing desk +chair and plenty of storage space. The rooms as well as the hotel's facilities are contemporary and are of a very high quality.Unfortunately we did not dine at either of the hotel's highly rated restaurants but we did order room service for all of our meals and were very satisfied. The food was great and the service very efficient. Hotel staff were pleasant and very helpful in all dealings with them.This truly is a great hotel and has become our favourite in Sydney. We like to experience a number of hotels in the cities we visit yet next time we visit i think its going to be the Radisson once again!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SharonK88
<Content>ambience and modern newness We loved our stay here. The restaurant bistro fax was just perfect.Our room was on the 12th floor and had a balcony, just lovely.We travel allot and I loved this hotel, small boutique style, great personal service and great food. Fabulous for shopping.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Mazzy_7
<Content>Still the best hotel to date We were at the Radisson Plaza for 3 nights in 2005 and it is still the best hotel we have stayed in before or since.The room was beautiful, very tastefully decorated and although not on the roomy side there was space for two comfortable easy chairs. The bed was very comfortable, actually the pillow was so wonderful that I went out and bought the same one as soon as we got home. The bathroom was clean and luxurious - we especially loved the tv view from the spa. Staff were unfailingly polite, courteous and helpful. All this and a beautiful, heritage building too...  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>AC-Elite
<Content>Great value hotel The Radisson Plaza in Sydney is very well-located for all CBD activities. I was impressed by the high quality facilities, top notch service and outstanding restaurants.GREAT THINGS:-Location is superb for CBD activities - business travellers will love it, tourists will find it located close to the major sights  shopping, and it's perfect for a night out on the town.-The hotel has one of Sydney's very best restaurants (Bilson's) which will leave you gobsmacked. Bistro Fax is pretty good as well.-Rooms are clean and new, comfortable and big. The bathrooms are fantastic (albeit quite small).GOOD THINGS:-Staff are courteous and relaxed - perfect Australian hospitality.-Hotel is good value for money and doesn't charge the astronomical rates of other Sydney 5 star hotels, despite being just as good.-Breakfast served in the Plaza Lounge is really nice, quiet, good service and a wide variety of food. Worth paying extra to get access to this Lounge.NOT-SO-GOOD THINGS:-If you are after views, this is not the place. Sydney is a beautiful city, the harbour is magic, but the Radisson Plaza doesn't have views of it. Overally a very very good hotel. You cannot go wrong with a business trip/holiday/night out at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kalsop
<Content>Nice facilities, lost points on service Overall we enjoyed out stay; the hotel was of good quality, the rooms were nice and quite spacious, and the facilities were well-maintained. However 2 services error left a bad impression.Firstly, we bought a package with late checkout of 4pm. On the day of checkout, we came back to our room before the late checkout time, and had been locked out. We had to explain our case at reception and there was no apology. As we prepared our things to leave, we could hear the hotel cleaning staff standing right outside our room door, talking loudly and waiting to get in and clean the room. The second we walked out of the room, they all walked straight in - the door didn't even close behind us!Secondly, we were charged on the bill for a meal we never ordered/ate. I disputed it, and after 5 minutes, the woman at reception agreed to take it off the bill. A week later I found that this sum had been charged separately to my credit card. When I rang up to query it, I was eventually told it would be refunded, but no apology. I would expect better from such a hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>struck
<Content>Best location in CBD The Radisson Plaza Hotel was a great hotel. Less than 200 m from the Wynyard train station and less than a 10 minute walk to Circular Quay. Many restaurants are located near the hotel. You could not beat the location!Check-in was very easy. My room was not ready when I arrived at 7 AM, but they stored my luggage and let me take a shower in the health club (a nice thing after the overnight flight from Los Angeles).Rooms were quiet and comfortable. There wasn't much of a view from the room, but you didn't hear any road noise below. I stayed on the club level and the full breakfast was good.The business centre was not staffed, but I was able to use the computers whenever I needed. There is a small fee to use the Internet, but it is much cheaper than the Internet access in the rooms if you aren't using your personal computer for long periods of time.The concierge was very helpful with restaurant suggestions.Bilson's restaurant is located within the hotel and is one of only seven Sydney restaurants to be given the three hat award by the Sydney Herald. It was expensive but well worth the experience. The staff were wonderful and friendly.The only complaint I had was with the health club. Some of the exercise equipment was not properly maintained, and there was a wait for to use some of the new machines. No equipment was provided to clean up after workouts and there was only the large bottle of water available for hydration. The pool, spa and steamroom were all clean.I would certainly stay here again if I ever traveled back to the Sydney area.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>julieanne
<Content>Great central location We spent three nights here, and would happily have stayed longer had our itinerary allowed. We had a deluxe room with small balcony, and for just that little extra I would definitely recommend the balcony rooms. You have a view of The Bridge as well as a nice sun trap! The bed was divine, and the marble shower fantastic.What impressed us was, although it is a large hotel and obviously used to business travellers, they had time and courtesy for us 'holidayers'. The concierge couldn't have been more helpful. Note, the pool is not wide: it is indeed, a lap pool. But if there's only 2 of you in it, it's more than adequate. Has a lovely spa pool too. The buffet breakfasts were very good. I recommend this hotel if you want to be in the centre of the CBD and shopping area.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roselilycat
<Content>Just Perfect Stayed at the Radisson Plaza for a second time in August 2007 as a special weekend treat. We were upgraded to a spa studio room which included access to the Plaza Executive Lounge which made it an even extra special treat. This hotel doesn't have the views of other hotels in the city but it certainly makes up for it in other ways.From the moment we checked in till the minute we checked out everything was special. The staff are extremely professional and well trained and friendly. The room we had was spotless, very big with lots of space to move around and the massive (again spotless) bathroom had a huge spa bath. My bed was so comfortable and I had the best sleep for a long time - I wanted to bring it home with me.Definately worth staying here - can't wait for my next visit to the Radisson.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Larry11
<Content>Great Staff Out of all the different hotels in Darling Harbour Sydney, I must say the Radisson Plaza has the most helpful, friendly staff of the lot.I put lots of corporate people into the hotel as I know they will be treated well and what a difference this makes. I get thanked for giving them the experience!Nothing is a problem no matter what time of day or night. There is always a friendly smile. You are treated with respect; you are not just a 'number' as with the other major Darling Harbour hotel. The rooms are also great as is the location - so close to the city AND to the Fish Markets.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angnando
<Content>great hotel in a central CBD location The historic building houses a very modern hotel that for its outstanding service, close proximity to Sydney's financial centre, and reasonable pricing would rank it amongst one of the more comfortable places in sydney for the well travelled business person.Vallet parking and good service right from when you enter the hotel makes settling in very easy. Whilst the standard room I stayed in perhaps could've been a little roomier, everything else was of a very high standard. Large and comfortable king size bed, very modern bathroom which somehow manages to fit in a separate bath and shower, and all the other standard amenities. No real views out of my window, unless you like looking at office buildings, but then you don't stay here for the view. The hotel has a restaurant (which I've heard is very good, but didnt get a chance to eat there), a decent lounge area, health club with sauna, spa, pool, and a business centre.Recommended if you need to stay in Sydney CBD.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>japanaland
<Content>Great hotel!       great bathrooms!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RFraser
<Content>top class       view from the harbour cruise  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KayaBursa
<Content>definitely worth your money THe hotel has a fantastic location, right in the central business district and very close to many attractions such as the operhouse, circular quay, darling harbour etc...The rooms are reasobaly well sized, I had a standard single room with a king size bed. The bathrooms are large and nice as well. The hotel is very new. The best thing about this hotel is the breakfast, its really suberb. The staff is very helpful in accomodating your needs. The price is very fair, compared to other hotels in the area, its actually quite good.The only thing I could complain about would be that the beds could be more comfortable. I also stayed at the intercontinental sydney, if you can get a similar rate there, I suggest you should stay there because that hotel would be in my top 3 list of most comfortable hotels I have ever stayed in, but I didnt because it was about 100 $ more expensive. I am sure you can get a similar rate if you book early enough. They have the most comfy beds ever.So, this is a great hotel, for a good price. I definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tyrolean
<Content>Fantastic We stayed there for 3 nights during our trip along the east coast. The stay was fantastic: Staff was very friendly, rooms reasonably sized and according to five star standard. As this was a part of our honeymoon we flound complimentary sparkling wine in our room in the first evening! My wife and me would stay there again anytime!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>amkaplan
<Content>Very happy with the Radisson We stayed here for the first leg of our vacation to Australia. The hotel was a perfect choice for access to the central business district and to see the sights of the city. The room was large and very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed our stay and found the location to be perfect.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikey82
<Content>Standard 4* stuff Stayed here for 4 nights in July at a budget rate with breakfast included. Nice quick check-in with friendly staff. Room is nice and big although I was a bit shocked to see that my king sized bed was just 2 singles stuck together!!! I'm not sure if this is the norm these days.. but i certainly expected a proper king!Clean room and Bathroom. Powerful shower. Comfortable stay.. nice and quiet. Breakfast was nice.. like the chef who cooks you up an omelette or poached/fried eggs every morning. Gets sickening after 4 mornings.. .but good enough. Can't believe they even have chinese porridge there!! On the whole... it's a standard no-nonsense hotel. Nothing extraordinary... but then nothing bad. Area is nicely located about 10 mins walk from the main circular quay terminal (transport hub to all major attractions) so no complaints there. Solid... just nothing special.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimbeg73
<Content>Brilliant helpful staff and excellant location We stayed at the Raddison for 7 nights in June with a young baby and were really pleased with the hotel's central location and the helpful and attentive staff, expecially the porters and doormen who helped us with the baby buggy. Our room was nice and large, as was the bathroom. However, the rooms did not seem entirely soundproof - which was a worry for us when junior started screaming!We had room service on about 4 occasions and this was pretty good - although there was some variances in quality. The breakfasts were really nice and a huge variety of food to choose from.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Oscar371
<Content>Good Value and Position I was tempted to rate this hotel as excellent but a few areas are not that good.The outstanding area was the staff's attention and attitude. The room was modern  chic but could have been a little larger. The lobby is fine but not stunning. The food in the cafe restaurant was average and over-priced. The internet connection could be better but I found it adequate. The business centre became crowded at times but had most of my requirements.Having received a good direct room rate for 5 nights I feel this hotel is good value for its class and will stay there when next in Sydney.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>mcopun
<Content>Not a hotel if you are on a business trip This hotel is Ideally located in the heart of the CBD, hence you will be tempted to stay here if you are traveling on business. But beware, the basic facilities expected by a business traveler, internet and connectivity are in a complete mess.I stayed here for more than a week and throughout the stay, it was impossible to get a good internet connection in the room. The hotel management made constant promises to improve the service, but could never resolve the problem. Also, there is a bandwidth limit on the internet, therefore, if you are using internet phone for your overseas calls or watching some online video, be prepared to pay a hefty amount to the hotel. Ofcourse, you will be disconnected everytime you use up the bandwidth.So if you are traveling on business.....stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	4	2	1	

<Author>ChelleandPhil
<Content>Great Stay A bit late writing the review - stayed there for 9 nights in April (for a wedding and bit of sight - seeing) and thought it was a really good hotel.The staff were all polite and friendly from the fantastic ladies in housekeeping to the great doormen who were always willing to help with directions and taxis. Special thanks must go to a particular doorman called Wayne - who went out of his way to make sure that we had everything that we needed - first class service.We arrived very early in the morning and had reserved and paid for a room for the night before and it was all ready when we staggered into the hotel after 24 hours in the air. The room was well equipped, great bathroom - fab shower. Only 'negative' was there was a lot of furniture in the room - desk, book case, floor lamps, table, 2 chairs. We rearranged it to suit our tastes - probably confused the housekeeper!Excellent base for exploring Sydney and NSW - 2 minutes walk from the train station, 7 minutes from Darling Harbour and an easy 10 minute walk to the Opera House.We'll be back!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Berry_Mum_2_three
<Content>Fabulous hotel, superb staff We stayed here for one night on the special weekend rate including breakfast. We had a premier room on the 11th floor. The room was spacious and modern with a large, spotlessly clean marble and tiled bathroom. The shower was fantastic, very powerful and a large walk in cubicle. The bed was large and very comfortable with plenty of pillows and a selection of other pillows available.Rooms have tea and coffee making facilities. We had room service which was reasonably priced, prompt and delicious hot food. The breakfast in the bistro was sensational, an amazing array of hot and cold buffet food and a chef to cook omelettes etc to order.The valet car parking was $35 for the stay, and the car can be fetched and parked as often as required. The concierges were great, really helpful and knowledgeable. Staff on the front desk, room service and the breakfast chef were also very pleasant and helpful and a credit to the Radisson. The pool area is lovely and the pool a good size for laps though a little warm for training. Main shopping areas are a five minute walk (Pitt St Mall) and it is less than ten minutes walk the opposite direction to circular quay.I highly recommend this hotel and will certainly be staying here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pompeyman
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed for 5 nights on our first visit to Australia and it did not disappoint in any way. The staff and service were very good and the room was well equipped and very clean. The view was as good as you could expect from a city centre hotel and the location was very good for walking to the harbour bridge, Rocks and shopping arcades near Pitt Street. We had breakfast in our room on the first morning which was very good, but we didn't eat in the hotel after that as it is a bit expensive and there were plenty of eating places elsewhere. During the day there are food courts among the shopping centres with a huge selection of meals, which don't seem to get a mention in the guide books. Would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sdyball
<Content>Stylish, Clean and Great Location            
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>iha
<Content>Solid hotel This place is pretty swish, probably what you would expect. Got a good w/e rate as place is in business district, so area is a bit dead but really well located to get to other areas easily and fast. Good service, very nicely styled and clean room which was a good size. Like most hotels of this calibre, the extras eg internet were an absolute rip off though.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lisakinwinning
<Content>the best hotel ever This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in, We won a 3 night stay in sydney and they put us in this hotel which was great. We upgrade to a suit as this is all they had ready at 7am however it was out of this world jaz bath massive lounge.Breakfast was great buffet so helped yourself made sure we set ourselfs up for the day.We were there with 40 other winners and they made all of us feel welcome. This hotel gets a 6 star from me I run a hotel on the Isle of Wight [--] so i know how hard it is and this hotel has everything right well done guys.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>123cat
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in here based on these reviews and we were not disappointed, the rooms are comfortable, clean, modern and have everything you need. We stayed for 7 nights and the hotel is perfectly placed for exploring The Rocks and Circular Quay (I recommend the BridgeClimb!) and the botanical gardens. I would definitely stay here again - great location, super helpful staff and a lovely stay. We didnt have breakfast included and there is a very nice cafe across the street open on weekdays.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TheThreeJays
<Content>A belated review Forgot to write this review at the time so may be out of date!! An excellent hotel and brilliant location near the quays. We stayed at Christmas and my only complaint is that there was no acknowledgment of this fact. The rooms are reasonably sized and very well appointed. The price was very good. I booked during the summer and though it was peak season I paid a very average price for the three nights. Book early for this time of the year- we wanted to stay over the new year but everywhere was booked out and we ended up in an awful hostel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Vesa
<Content>Central, excellent rooms and service We stayed in Radisson Plaza Sydney for two nights on a stop over. Hotel is very centrally located, rooms are spacious and very well decorated, service is friendly and breakfast was good. Our only small complaint was that we asked for a view and got just a building wall.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Akid
<Content>super staff, super rooms, super location We spent a great week in sydney. And we fortunately choose to stay at the radisson plaza.The check in service was less than great, however this was our only negative. After explaining it was our holiday of a lifetime, we asked if he could asign us a good room. To which his answer was yes, at a cost of $55 dollars a night for a upgrade!!!! Anyway the room we got was great. No real view but all the amenities we really good. The room was a good size, the bed was comfy. The bathroom was really nice, with a good size bath and a great shower. The hotel has a modern feel and so to are the rooms The hotel has a great location. 5 minute walk to circular quay, and other city attractions just a walk away i.e Darling harbour. Food in the hotel was nice , on the one occasion we tried it and it was reasonably priced. We tried the bistro fax, give it a go! Staff excellent. I must give high praise to Rod the Concierge. He was very well informed and very much a gentleman. He helped me organise a surprise for my girlfriend. Thanks again ROD Acouple of things i would like to recommend is a trip to -5 bar. This is basically an ice bar with all ice fixtures and fittings, great fun, just near the ferry terminals. Secondly have a splurge and go to Aria for a nice meal. It is is out of this world! Great food and views of the opera house and harbour bridge  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>swnw99
<Content>Loved the bathroom Stayed for 6 nights end of January start of February. Had a wonderful time. Breakfast good, little bit pricey, snacks in the bar great value and really good. The room was well furnished and the bathroom was exceptional with a huge deep bath and a seperate large shower cubicle.Location very good for sightseeing, not too far from anywhere, especially circular quay. All the staff in reception and the porters were extremely pleasant and helpful.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andregre
<Content>Fantastic hotel - great service all round. Excellent Hotel - No spectacular views, but centrally located in CBD for all main sites, including circular quay. Staff were universally friendly, efficient and helpful. My room in the main wing was spacious, well appointed and extremely comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>australian73
<Content>Great Location - stylish I have been staying regularly at the Radisson Plaza. It is beautifully located. You can walk to circular quay, the opera house and darling harbour. It is a busy hotel and has a bit of a travelling salesman feel to it, however the rooms are well furnished and the bathrooms are spacious complete with good sized bath. Service is what you expect without being notable. It has a small gym which really is only good for a bit of cardio. I have not eaten at the hotel because you can get to plenty of good places in the city. Overall aplace to come if your on business or for a short convenient stay.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>rlarragy
<Content>Fantastic We stayed in the the Radisson Plaza in January 2007. I had lived in Sydney years ago and went back with my husband for our honeymoon. Needless to say, a good hotel was very important to me as I wanted him to love Australia as much as I had. Unlike our Perth Hotel, the Radisson did not disappoint. We got a very competitive rate on hotels.com and to be honest I couldn't believe the quality of the rooms for the amount we paid. The room was spacious, clean and the bed was the most comfortable in all the hotels we stayed in during our 3 week trip. I'm also a clean freak so I went straight in to check out the bathroom and was so pleased. It was immaculate with a bath, separate shower cublicle and plenty of space. As I knew Sydney well we didn't engage the concierges much, however, they were at all times making efforts to engage us (although not in an annoying way). Insisting on carrying our bags to our rooms (tip not expected) and one morning when we were waiting for a tourbus to arrive to take us to Blue Mountains, the concierge came outside, asked us which tour we were on and rang to see if they were on their way even though we didn't ask him too. The attitude was very much above and beyond. The room service was good and breakfast was excellent although the coffee shop on the corner diagonally opposite the O'Connell St entrance to the hotel is very good and very reasonable. The business centre is also very handy with access to pc's and printers. The location is within 5 mins of circular quay. Will never recommend anywhere else to stay in Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aquarianchick
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed at the Radisson with my husband one saturday night. situated roughly halfway between Circular quay (where the opera house, harbour bridge, the rocks and all must-go touristy places) and Pitt Street shopping area (Myer, David Jones, small boutiques, QVB, Louis vuitton, etc - basically one of the best concentration of shopping in sydney). Its about 5-10 mins walk either way...depending on how fast you walk. Excellent business hotel, apparently quite busy with business people on weekdays. Not surprised as the hotel is surrounded by offices. We were in a standard king room. Room was well appointed with modern decor, excellent lighting, bed was very comfortable...not much of a view though as back to back buildings in the area - this is understable as this was a city hotel. Did not have much interaction with staff as opted to eat in the many excellent restaurants in Sydney. Bathroom was lovely and clean, looked like it was recently refurbished! Im normally very picky and fussy with hotel rooms and amenities but radisson passed with flying colours. Excellent indoor pool and spa, gym is good as well but crowded when we went up.Only gripe was check out the next day...line was too long and snaked around the lobby. didnt mind the wait though as we were in no hurry to go anywhere. maybe this was because it was a weekend...i can only imagine that the front desk is adequately staffed during weekdays as business people have appointments to go to and meetings to catch. I would recommend this hotel if you don't mind the walk/commute...otherwise, stay at the Park Hyatt or shangri-la if you want to be in Circular quay and Hilton or Swissotel if you want to be in the heart of the shopping district.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>brinny
<Content>OK 4star hotel but not particularly memorable. We stayed at the Radisson Plaza for 4 nights over New Year--we chose it because of location (which is good)so we could get back there easily after New Years Eve.It is a good solid 4 star hotel but not particularly memorable.It was expensive over New Year --so much so that although we were staying a week in Sydney we decided to move to the Novotel on Darling Harbour for our final 3 nights as the Radisson not only charged a big premium for NYE but the price remained high for the following week which we thought was greedy.Also the Radisson insisted on full payment of the bill by the end of Nov 2006 with no refund for any reason.Given the pressure on hotels in Sydney for New Year ( also with the cricket soon after )they would have had no trouble letting the room even if we had cancelled for any reason.Again we thought this was greedy.Having said that our stay was fine but no more than that--just be warned at busy times there is pressure on the breakfast restaurant and they ask you to go instead to a second room in the basement but this is a poor alternative as choice is limited plus we felt the food had been sitting there waiting for customers.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bc399
<Content>Nice plush hotel in the center of the CBD World-class hotel in the CBD of Sydney. Furnishings, shower, bath, etc was very up to par; had a comfortable stay and good sleeps. Staff was efficient and helpful. My only peeve would be that since the hotel is renovated from an older building, the windows might not offer the best views. For example, most rooms on Floor 8 have the bottom half of their windows blocked by an external ledge, leaving you staring up to see outside as if from a jail cell. Other than that, everything was plush and neat and I wouldn't mind staying there again (hopefully not on the same floor!).  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OzVoyager
<Content>A gem ! A hotel that has it all worked out. Great location, helpful staff, clean very well presented rooms and good restaurants. Stayed at the Radisson Plaza twice in January 2007 for business trips. In particular, the staff on reception were very helpful with room and late check out requests.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>never_stop_exploring
<Content>A great place to stay in an amazing city       our room  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leyland-wanderer
<Content>Nice Hotel in a Great City After considerable research my wife and I chose to stay at the Radisson because of its location, close to the Rocks area, the Opera House and Bridge. If we had the choice again we would look for a hotel around Darling Harbour where there are more readily accessible restaurants and bars for the evening. Where the Raddisson is located closes down at weekends because it is in a business area.Having said that the hotel was really quite nice. The staff were very helpful and the lobby bar a very pleasant place to rest tired limbs after a day exploring.The rooms were of an average size but well maintained and very clean. There were no views from our room at all as it was an internal room and that made it a little dark - and hard to guess what the weather was like to choose appropriate clothing.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cher1969
<Content>Great location and awesome service We stayed at the Raddisson Plaza for two nights and we are very happy with our choice to stay there. Our son is vegetarian and we got two calls from the chefs asking us if they could offer anything different for him. Very pleasant atmosphere and withing walking distance to all the fantastic shopping Sydney offers. We easily walked down to the Quay for our dinner cruise. I even had high heels on. Very friendly staff. Of course, the food was pricey but all five star hotels are the same that way. It was good food, so it was worth it to splurge. My tip to you is don't buy their internet service. We recieved free wireless in our room! The rooms are very clean and the bathroom was all marble. Very nice design. The few complaints we have are the key card to get the elevator up tp your room was a pain to us and other guests. We saw the conierge helping others with their cards. You had to put the card in and press the floor than pull out the card!! Even that didn't work sometimes. Another annoyance was when we would shower the bathroom would flood near the shower door. This is due to a poor design in the glass door. No big deal really but I thought it was wierd for such a beautifully appointed hotel having such a flaw. The beds were hard compared to the Marriott's and Hilton hotels we have stayed at. Other than that it was an enjoyable few days.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Hills
<Content>Always Excellent I stay here about once a quarter, and have done so for the last couple of years (our office is just across the street). It never disappoints, the room are great with plenty of room and always in great condition.The bar is very relaxed but professional although I'm not keen on the restaurant where breakfast is served ... but most would be happy with it. I prefer the coffee shops across the road.All in all this is a world class hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mg35
<Content>No complaints I stayed here on a weekend special rate. Very nice architecture building with modern interior quite a bit nicer than your run of the mill tourist hotel. Upon arrival the service was prompt and friendly, however there was s miscommunication between the front desk and housekeeping and I was given a room that had not been cleaned yet. I reported it back to the front desk and was immediately upgraded to a deluxe room. So that pretty much made it up for me since the room was a really nice one up on the top floor. I would agree with the other reviews that for the price it's about as good as you will get in Sydney. It's also reasonably quiet given the central location. All services were above average. It's in a great location for seeing the city although there's not much of a view from the rooms themselves.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>hellwolf
<Content>Couldn't fault it.       Hotel room  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mobert
<Content>Perfect location for exploring Sydney My wife and I recently spent seven days at this hotel and found it near perfect. It's in a great location less than a 10 minute walk to the Rocks and Opera House. Although a little on the small side, the rooms and bathroom in particular are stylish and comfortable. Hotel concierge staff was wonderful in helping to book restaurant reservations and a tour to the Blue Mtns (don't miss this park - it's a must see on any visit to Sydney). At current exchange rates, we paid about US $225 per night which included the buffet breakfast (quite good). Would definitely return. Cheers mates!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CSRC
<Content>Good hotel with patchy service As Sydneysiders who have recently moved interstate, it was nice to spend a long weekend in such a great location. We stayed in a Premier room with breakfast included for a good winter rate of $249. The rooms were plush, well kitted out, and quiet. The pool, steam room and spa get a big thumbs up. Breakfast was quite good, although not 5 star standard. Service in the breakfast room, in particular, was lacking. Basic things like tea and coffee service were haphazard. The service generally (at reception etc) is not 5 star standard, but then the Radisson often offers rates well below those of other 5 star establishments in Sydney. One disappointing experience - one morning another newly checked-in guest was given our room accidentally and let himself in while we were asleep. This was quite a jarring experience, but one that could be forgiven if the hotel had apologised. The guest obviously had to go back to reception to be allocated another room, so they were aware of what had happened, but we didn't hear a word from anyone about it. Apart from that, we had a pleasant stay. Not a personalised experience, but if you can get a good rate the Radisson is worth it.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>melstodola
<Content>Loved it! What a fabulous place to stay! We had a great time! We (Americans) had a bit of a time finding the place... mostly because we weren't used to driving on the left hand side of the road and lots of one-way streets downtown. It was humorous... we could see it... just couldn't figure out how to get to it! I think the Bellman sensed our frustration  offered to return our rental car for us (we were dreading trying to find the rental car place)! He was our saviour! The hotel is a great location! Everything is a very easy walk away. The concierge and the whole staff were just so nice  went out of their way to make sure we had an enjoyable time. The rooms were just great! I loved the spa tub  gorgeous bathroom. Everything was nice  clean. I would love to visit the hotel again.We did pay for the upgrade to the Plaza level (I think that's what they called it) and enjoyed the evening drinks. Definitely do that if it's in your budget!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DIYTraveller
<Content>Nice hotel close to Circular Quay and Pitt Street Mall The hotel is clean and quite new. The room is nice and spacious. Noise from street noise is minimum even though it is heart of the business district (I stayed in the sixth floor). Breakfast buffer in the hotel restaurant is above average. There are plenty of cafes near by that you can sit outside weekdays do people watching. On the downside, the bed is harder than I expect for a upscale hotel. The lobby is small. It can be crowded when a lot of people are checking out at the same time in the morning.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Macros_The_Black
<Content>Excellent location This is a really good hotel in an excellent location for the harbour - once you get your bearings! The service is good here and the breakfast was surprisingly good, even for a vegetarian. There is a doorman to hail taxis, etc, and the porters are quick to move your luggage for you. Of course, a fair bit of tipping is expected.The room was surprisingly large and the bathroom was gorgeous. If you wanted to you could open the shutters on the big window between the bathroom and bedroom and watch TV, or something! The shower and the toiletries were very good.We found the bed to be very comfy and there was a well-equipped desk in the corner. We thought that the price was reasonable for such a good hotel - we got it for about 拢92 a night.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>saccuch
<Content>Loved the Radisson! During our family trip to Australia, we stayed at 3 different hotels in Sydney (others were Hyde Park Inn and Marriott Sydney Harbor). This was our favorite. The staff were all friendly and the concierge was the best. Had room ready early as we were beat when we arrived. Try to book the buffet breakfast--it is not to be missed. Can't really explain the negative comments from a reviewer from a few weeks ago. We thought this place was top notch!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roberto79
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay My girlfriend and I stayed at the Radisson Plaza for four nights in mid-July. When we got to the hotel we were given a free upgrade due to our stay being for four nights which was a nice touch. Some hotels would try to ask for an upgrade charge but this hotel was nice enough to use their management skills to make a client feel welcome. The service in the hotel from the Porters, reception staff, concierge etc..were all great. The room was of a good size and very clean...It is a great location if you are only staying a few days as it is right next to the shopping area of Pitt Street and very near all the touristy things (bridge, opera house etc..). The leisure club is also nice. I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone travelling to Sydney. We also stayed in another hotel in Sydney later in the trip and we did not like it as much (Four Points Sheraton by Darling Harbour).  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>barnowl54
<Content>Absolute Class We stayed here for a romantic night away from home. We had a spa suite in the front apex of the hotel. This hotel is high class from the minute you pull up outside the building until your car is returned to you at the end of the stay. Professional staff, clean, beatifully appointed room and a gorgeous bed all add up to the perfect stay. The attention to detail is fabulous. We will be staying again soon.If you are looking for a place to eat away from the hotel, try the Masuya Japanese restaurant just meters from the hotel. Fantastic and very well priced.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>somanyhotels
<Content>Didn't get the basics right Our stay at the Radisson last weekend was unfortunately marred by a lack of attention to the basics - things that you should be no-brainers for a five star hotel. After checking into our room, we discovered the toilet had not been flushed, not the most ideal start. We ordered room servcie late in the evening that arrived barely warm, but given the hour and our blood sugar levels we ate it anyway. The buffet breakfast at Bistro Fax the next morning was a debarcle, we waited several minutes to be acknowledged and seated, followed by many more waits for crockery, cutlery, glasses and food (at seperate times). A saving grace was the jovial breakfast chef who kept the folks distracted. After breakfast, we asked for a weekend paper to read - after searching for several minutes we were finally offered the business section of the weekend Australian. Surely a a variety of papers (in their entirety) should be readily at hand in a hotel like this. On the up side, the staff were very friendly and helpful, so the Radisson has the portential to be a great place to stay if they can cover off the basics.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>san_aira
<Content>The best you can find!       Five minutes away from this wonderful view...  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good Good location, rooms, staff, everything! (And at 190AUD was a rather good value)  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location From the time I arrived at the front door until I left, the staff made you fell welcome.The breakfast is very good, but having dinner at the hotel is a little expensive. Lots of eaterys close by.Wynyard Station is the very close to the hotel. Walk through Hunter Connection and your are basically on the hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rikki2213
<Content>terrific staff, fabulous bathroom, good location! Recently stayed at radisson hotel on o'connell street Found the staff from door men to concierge and all in between very gracious and helpful. Location is good and not very noisy on streets unlike some which are further toward the pratt street shopping area. Our bathroom was huge and very modern- it was actually almost the size of bedroom. One small irritaion was lack of drawer space as we were staying for a week and needed space. However staff was very accomodating about removing mini bar bottles and snacks which took up one whole large drawer and we were fine. Only ate breakfast there once which was lovely but expensive. During weekdays there are many cafes and breakfast places nearby which were fun! definetely recommend.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fabulous Quite simply the best hotel i've ever been fortunate enough to stay in.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jules_UK
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed here for a week over new year 2004/2005. The hotel was expensive, but well worth the money! It was in an excellent location, within easy walking of Circular Quay. This was our main criteria, as we were doing the Harbour cruise on NYE and didn't want to have to worry about taxi's.The rooms were clean and comfortable, the staff were friendly and very helpful. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to Sydney. It was great to be able to walk everywhere we wanted to go.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel - staff fantastic I stayed here for 6 nights and thought the hotel was superb! Brilliant location for Circular Quay (Opera House, Bridge) also close to shops and restaurants etc. Breakfast at the hotel was varied and really nice. The Bistro Fax restaurant was also good for dining the evening. The best thing about this hotel was the staff. They couldn't do enough to help. Certainly worthy of it's 4/5 star rating. The concierge at the hotel also seemed quite well known in Sydney. We wanted to dine at a very popular restaurant and with only one days notice he got us a table. I would stay here again without hesitation - I loved it here!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roomfor5
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Stayed at the Radisson Plaza for 3 nights and then returned for a 4th after a trip to the barrier reef.The room was excellent clean and neat. Good location. You could walk to just about anything or there was plenty of transportation to get around. The staff was friendly and as helpful as could be. Never a problem talking to any of the staff.The breakfast, which was included, was very nice. It did not lack for anything. The weekend service in the dining room was a bit better than the weekday. That would be my only complaint. There did not seem to be as much help during the week.We loved Sydney and the Radisson Plaza and hope to return someday.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tobe
<Content>Expensive but good! We had originally booked into another hotel which looked more like a brothel once you got inside so after a couple of phone calls we ended up booking into the Radisson Plaza. Staff were extremely friendly, helpful and professional upon arrival and this lasted for the 12 days that we stayed here. Housecleaning excellent, supervisor would knock once a week to see if we were satisfied with the service. Free internet access in business section proved invaluable for sorting out other travel plans.Only downside, in room dinner menu is somwhat limited for evenings, food was often lukewarm upon arrival and not up to the standard of the rest of the hotel.No noise from street. Bonus in a city centre hotel.Only problem and this is nitpicking, couldn't open the hotel windows, air-con only.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissBoo
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location. Stayed here in the summer of 2004. Lovely room, very convenient location just 5 mins walk to the Harbour Bridge and The Opera House. Very plush bathroom with the option to lie in the bath and watch the TV in the main room. Friendly staff and a good breakfast selection. Would be happy to go there again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is going downhill, rapidly   showReview(3538806, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Love the Radisson Plaza Sydney!   showReview(3455120, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>outbacklass007
<Content>'Top Find in a city full of hotels!'   showReview(3446935, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Going back and back and back   showReview(3312498, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roo
<Content>great experience   showReview(3250010, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb   showReview(3166097, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plant_chicky
<Content>Great location, quiet rooms   showReview(2093859, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boatmusdir
<Content>An excellent hotel, terrific rooms, position and cuisine.   showReview(1792737, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(1563565, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>felipeordonez
<Content>An undiscovered gem . . .   showReview(1214052, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sourisavignon
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(21667996, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>morvezen
<Content>bien situ茅, service irr茅prochable       chambre  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>magico7
<Content>un h么tel 4 茅toiles simple mais confortable   showReview(15123723, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione e ottimo hotel   showReview(11665153, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

