<Author>XYZ_2009
<Content>So-so This hotel is located directly on Dam Square, in the historic center of Amsterdam. Incidentally, it is also on the edge of the red light district. The rooms are spacious but dated and in need of renovation (especially the bathrooms). The common areas could be updated as well. We ended up moving after two nights.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>TravellingMick
<Content>Tired hotel with overpriced dining The lobby can be total chaos - counter staff, lots of them, seem to take forever to get things done. You jockey for position with other guests to be served next. They smile and all that behind the counter but are not forthcoming with any information you might need.We stayed in the royal wing which was defintely not royal. you actually have to leave the building and cross a breezeway/lane into the royal wing.The room itself -ooh you have a deluxe room is how the counter staff termed it - wasn't deluxe. Clean, but jaded is the best way to describe the room. Bed killed my back....way too soft.They have a gorgeous looking restaurant and wintergarten but alas so expensive (28euro breakfast) they sit quietly empty.Staff didn't want to give me change for 50euros for the airport shuttle bus - not the treatment you'd expect from a 5 star.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Montydog
<Content>Needing major refurbishment investment I stayed here several times over the years and was back again for a conference at the hotel.The general consensus of the delegates was that this has had it's day - apparently they are embarking on a major refurb which is much needed. My room was in the modern wing and was really shabby and crampt.So if they can get it back to being the jewel of Amsterdam it once was that will be great - everything else about it I love.However they have more boutique and chic competition than before so they will have to spend a lot to get it to where it needs and deserves to be - in the top 5% slot.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	1	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>secretsanta
<Content>Average hotel in a great location Booked a 1 night stay here on priceline at a price of 拢80 + charges. Ended up in the Royal Wing in a deluxe room.The good: Location is superb - a 5 min walk from the station in one of the main squares. Noise was surprisingly good - despite being right on a main nightlife road, i didn't really hear a think in my room.Room was large.The bad: The hotel classes itself as 5* - an official 3* is about right, but in need of a serious revamp. I think I was in one of the newer rooms, and the fittings couldn't have been blander.The shower goes hot/cold and the toiletries were of a very poor quality.The bed was very soft.Check in is extremely slow - when we arrived there was a queue of about 5 waiting to check in, and by the time we were at the front (20-30mins later) there was a significantly larger queue behind.Staff suffer from a problem that seems to be an NH group quality - look charming and smile, but go extremely slowly and do nothing about fixing any problems (also stayed at the NH Zandvoort on the same trip where the staff were even more useless).Room service/mini bar prices were rediculous.For the money, the location meant that it was worth it. Had I paid anything like the rates they charge on their website, I'd have been very dissappointed...Amsterdam has a lot of very cool/stylish hotels - this one is just living on it's past name.One place worth a visit is Gauchos steak restaurant just round the corner - superb!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>renegadeLondon
<Content>Just Book Deluxe Room for the best luxury in Amsterdam       Deluxe Room 1 (view from the entrance door)  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SimoneEv
<Content>Acceptable rooms but perfect location Due to business trips, I had to stay in Krasnapolsky for several times on stays of 1-2 weeks. The rooms I had were always facing the back of the buiding or other corners of buildings across so not much of a view. The rooms were clean, decent decorations - I am not aware how the new rooms look like. One funny side it's the door to the bathroom : it looks as if you're going in a closet :-)Breakfast was amazing and I was always looking forward to get to this part of the day. On one side it's the room in itself, old elegant sophisticated with a luminator. The food was also exquisite.The hotel is located across the Royal Palace and round the corner from Red light district...funny combination but all in all you are exactly in the heart of everything.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>alyson.johnson-smith_123
<Content>I would stay here again I stayed here with my husband over the weekend at the end of November. Check in was quite quick. I arrived at 12 noon expecting them to tell me my room was not ready but it was (Good start). The hotel is very impressive and on walking through was expecting great things, the room however was average. There was nothing wrong with it but after being so impressed with the lobby etc I could not help be a little dissappointed. The hotel looks 4 - 5 star but the rooms make it a 3 -4. The bed however, was soo comfortable.We did eat in one of the restuaurants and whilst eating we saw a mouse inside and not too far away from us. We had a quiet word with the manager so as not to draw attention and it was explained to us that since digging in Amsterdam has begun for the new Metro system mice had become a big problem everywhere in the city. I have no doubt that the Kitchen was clean and I do believe the explanation. The manager dealt with the complaint well and gave us a free meal for the fright it caused.Staff are really helpful.This hotel operates Sleepy Sunday, which means you do not have to check out until 5pm on Sunday - An excellent ideaYou may think due to the mouse thing I would not rate it so highly but I really do believe what I was told and otherwise no problems. I would definately stay here again  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Wandering81
<Content>Brilliant Location Took my boyfriend to Amsterdam for his birthday and had the best time ever. The hotel was lovely even though we did not have a front facing view (over my budget!) the room made up for the (lack of) view outside (into a central court yard). The bed was huge, the bathroom was lovely and spacious! The reception was busy, but the staff were still friendly (if alittle slow). We loved the late check out on the Sunday (For Free till 5pm) and would come back here for the location - right in the middle of everything, hussle and bustle but you could not hear it in the room. Security was good at night time. Would recommend for all types of visitors. Walking distance from everything.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>yorkshireswallow
<Content>Not 5 star but not bad The hotel is by no means 5 star, more a slightly jaded 4 star. I guess it's got 5 stars because of its conferencing facilities (which meant it was packed out with people in formal clothes, which I guess is a good sign, although getting into the building when they were all having a cigarette break was a bit of a battle). We got upgraded to the 'Royal Wing', which is the new bit at the back, separated from the main hotel by a walkway. The room was bigger, though not much better and it was noiser as it was on the first floor above a main road. The room smelled a bit of drains (something to do with the water change over in Amsterdam and the rain). However, the hotel was very well located, meaning we could walk to most places and the staff were helpful. There's a decent alternative to the hotel bar across the square, it's called Majestic; good for a cocktail .  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CherryC
<Content>Would definitely stay again I booked this room through Lastminute, and was rather surprised to find the rate that was quoted.I didn't have a credit card with me, and foolishly didn't arrange to have a pre-auth sent through. No real problem - the Duty Manager could see I was unlikely to be much of a problem guest so a cash advance against room service was ok. More on that later.My room at it's bargain rate turned out to be on the top floor and was not one of the recently renovated ones. This was ok with me, the room had everything I needed and more despite being a little bit on the dated side. The bathroom looked to have been fairly recently upgraded.The bathroom contained a bit of a surprise to me, the wealth of toiletries which are supplied. Way above the usual and very very nice quality (the hotel sells them too, which I didn't take advantage of as I was travelling hand baggage only so couldn't have taken them home again). There was a little sponge, a comb, a hairbrush, a shaving kit and a toothbrushing kit as well as the usual shampoo, shower gel, soaps and body lotion. All in little wrappers! The comb was confiscated on the way back through Schipol (maybe they were scared I'd take it out of the wrapper and start demanding to comb the pilot's hair).One down side was some dust - possibly due to renovations however it did make me think that the rooms don't get used enough or are not being worked on enough by the staff. There was dust on the coffee sachets - this being said, the cleaning staff were very much in evidence so maybe just one of those things. I was given extra coffee sachets cheerfully on request by the maid.Everything otherwise was fine, though I did in the end use the minibar (I wouldn't have without having given a deposit). Possibly the most expensive thing going, 12鈧?for a diet coke, small can of Pringles and a Snickers. 12鈧?!Checking out, the balance was returned without any worries and the City Tax was simply deducted.Next time I might even not worry about upgrading to a better room. There were electronically remote controlled sunscreens outside the window, a little book of stories as light reading and even a packed of Smints!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>SGRR
<Content>Love it, love it, love it! Spacious room I stayed here for a night in Sept 2008. Booked from priceline so we did not have any high expectation especially after reading the comment.However, the hotel was by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in Europe. Our room was in the 4th floor, very big spacious room with large bath tub. Everything was perfect that we regret we did not stay longer. We moved to Hilton Amsterdam but Krasnapolsky is way better.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LancashireBluebell
<Content>Had a great time We stayed here on a weekend break. We had a fantastic large clean room in the Royal Wing. It was cleaned well each day. We found the staff very friendly and courteous. We arrived early in the morning, too early for check -in, but we were able to leave our baggage at the hotel free of charge. As mentioned in a previous review, the mini bar is sensitive. I moved something inorder to put a drink in it, it registered on reception that 2 items had been used. This was not a problem, the young receptionist immediately made out another bill minus the 2 items, explaining the above. It's a great location close to shops, bars, trams, restaurants. We walked from Centraal Station to the hotel.Our stay was enjoyable and comfortable, and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mario-MC
<Content>Perfect location....some 'buts'..... We stayed in Krasnapolsky Amsterdam for one night in two rooms (one for me and one for my teenager son and two of his friends).We booked via booking.com one single and one triple room.At our arrival, at our surprise, we've been told that they didn't have any triple room, so they suggested two doubles.I complained about that and in the end they added one small kid bed to one of the double rooms.The room definitely needed some refurbishment (pretty old style) but was quite comfortable.Pillows were horrible (and gave us a very bad headache)!!!Breakfast in the room was not very impressive, the hotel location though is perfect! In the heart of Amsterdam at walking distance from shopping are, red light district and all local amenities.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>StarryNight01
<Content>Bygone glamor I've stayed here before, but not for at least 8 years. The hotel has become drab, run-down, with staff who seem a bit pretentious and a concierge who was impatient and unhelpful. When you enter the hotel, the lobby is just sad -- not a lot of furniture, rather bare bones, and nothing welcoming or cheerful. Elevators in different areas of the hotel, some in rather unusual locations (and not pretty). The room I had was large with a good desk and working area. The beds were mediocre -- mattresses seem worn, but comforters are lovely. I had good closet space and nice furniture. Lighting in room could be better. Some things seemed to be updated in the room, but others, such as the torn wall paper, were not. The bathroom was old, with mint green tile from another era. The toilet in the bathroom was in its own stall -- rather strange, but practical if you're sharing with someone you don't know well. Water pressure was terrible and the temperature control was non-existent so it was easy to scald yourself when taking a shower -- putting the water even on lukewarm could vary to scalding without warning. The handheld shower was attached to the hose strangely so that it is inevitable that the hose hits you or rests on you as you hold the showerhead. Cleaning of rooms is poor for this level hotel (hair on bathroom floor after cleaning, cup used for tea not cleaned). Amenities are many in addition to the standard shampoo and gel -- they add toothbrush, razor, bath sponge, comb -- but the quality is fair. The very small soaps made me go out to buy a decent bar of soap that doesn't disappear so quickly (especially if you want to wash out any clothes). Wireless internet in rooms is good but expensive at 22Euro (about $29) for 1 day. Small safe in room. Minibar is bizarre -- if you move anything in it, you are charged for the item. You have to inform the desk if you have moved any items so that they do not charge you if you didn't use the item.Great location! Could not be more central - right on the central square (Dam). You can walk to almost everything. For the money, I'd rather go elsewhere next time. This was the grande dame of hotels in Amsterdam -- I'm afraid her glory days are long behind her. I am sure you can do better.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>yellowbear613
<Content>decent sized room; clean, modern bathrooms Overall, I liked the hotel for its central location (we walked almost everywhere), modern rooms, and clean bathrooms. It is right in Dam Square and a quick walk to the train station. We stayed in a side building and the rooms were quiet. Check in and out was easy and efficient. It is also right next to a yummy fries stand!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>musicben
<Content>Vastly Overrated Seen better days I've stayed at the Krasnapolsky about 5 times over the years and often found it disappointing. On my most recent trip I had to pay about 450 euro's a night for a room due to a conference in Amsterdam. For that I got a TINY room with a single bed out in their back building backing on to the red light district. Perhaps the rooms in the main Hotel are better but I would strongly advise clarifying exactly what you will get before you walk hundreds of metres through the Hotel to the second rate annex at the back.On the upside breakfasts are fantastic and the location is right in the center. That said I would rather stay at the Lloyd or the John Lennon Hilton instead.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>smileman
<Content>Great location and amenities Great hotel perfect location. Close to everything. Amsterdam is a great city and the Kranapolsky was the best place to stay with its nice size rooms and location. It is easy to find, if you dont have too much luggage you can walk from the train station, it might be a quarter mile. Dont waste your money on a cab from the airport, the train is less than 5 euros per person to Amsterdam Centraal. Instant coffee and tea in the rooms and the usual overpriced mini-bar . I could not get the internet to work, supposedly its wireless but you can rent time on their computers which was cheaper for my limited use. The hotel includes 5 euros worth of free use of the business center computer. My Priceline room did not include breakfast and Im not much on breakfast anyway. Overall very comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>akis4
<Content>2 star hotel at most! first night experience: an extra small room with an awful smell coming from the bathroom ( almost vomited...)breakfast: descentreception: willing but insufficientand as a cherry to the cake: they tried to charge 350 euros for a phone call that never took place. when i denied it they implied i was a liar... what a wonderful attitude! beware...  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>JHH_75
<Content>Not 5-star, but decent enough I agree with most of the reviews that this hotel is not a 5-star property.Stayed three nights in August, booked via Priceline. I had a room in the Royal Wing, which is actually a separate building connected the hotel via a corridor. The room was quite big and had large windows with a nice view to a very busy street. When the windows are closed you hardly hear the noise from ouside. A/C worked fine. Everything is a little bit dated, but OK. Mini-Bar prices and room-service is very expensive, (slow) internet connection in the business center is 0,35鈧?minute. Hotel bar is nice as well as the other public areas in the large hotel.Staff is not overwhelmingly friendly but helpful, concierge service is available.Location is absolutely excellent, walking distance to the main station and all other attractions.Overall I belive that most of the people will be satisfied as long as they do not expect a 5* luxury experience. Get a good rate and expect a decent 4* property and you will probably be happy.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>chermeyer
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful stay in Amsterdam I know others have panned this hotel but we had the most wonderful experience and I would highly recommend the hotel to others. My husband and I booked a 3-night stay in Amsterdam via Priceline and honestly were a bit concerned when the Grand Hotel Krasnoposky accepted our bid due to some of the reviews, but it turned out to be the best stay we've ever had in the city. Check-in was fast, the staff was courteous, location was great and we were not only given a nice non-smoking room with a king-size bed - but we were given a suite! We also bid less than others mentioned on Tripadvisor. One thing I would mention is that once our Priceline bid was accepted, we called the hotel to reserve a king-size bed in a non-smoking room. In terms of location, the hotel is very close to the Red Light District but also within close walking distance to the canals in the nicer part of the city. We walked everywhere (did not take the tram once) and had a wonderful time. I was so sad to leave Amsterdam and I know we'll go back again and hope for the same hotel!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VeryPickyLondon_UK
<Content>Good value for money We got this hotel through lastminute.com and we didn't know the hotel name (the secret hotel offer that they have). We got it for very good price (240 GBP for 2 nights). When we got there, the reception girl wasn't very smart and it took her 1 hour to find us in system. She was nice and smiled a lot but couldn't figure out how to do it. We waited there long and then got bored waiting and went and walked around hotel. When we came back she looked at us as if we are new guests and asked if she can help us!!!! Then she picked up again our papers and started looking for our room again. Strange. Anyway, the room was big and clean. The location is great. We walked every where. Getting to hotel from airport using public transport was very easy. We didn't try the hotel food. I would recommend it if you don't pay the full price.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	1	3	3	

<Author>MaximillianAmsterdam
<Content>Don't stay there for the service, not for the rooms, Stay for the view. I've stayed for 2 nights in the executive level overlooking the Dam. The room was located on the second floor providing a wonderfull view over the Damsquare.Unfortunately the room itselves was very very basic, a very small and hard bed, one inconvenient chair and a very oldfashioned and little dirty bathroom.The lightening and electronical equipments in the room are ok, even as the television.Don't stay in the Krasnapolsky if you are looking for something stylish and tatty, the Krasnapolsky has become a place where people enjoy breakfast in bermuda's and on bare feet.The service is as in most NH Hotels, good but basic.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ndablend
<Content>Horrible end to a lovely time My family had lived in the Netherlands and were at the end of our stay. We stayed at the krasnapolsky for a total of 3 weeks and 4 days. They ruined what would have been a nice end to our Holland saga by throwing us out! We had asked that our reservation be extended as we had problems getting flights out, but the staff we spoke with did not put our request in the system. the hotel proceeded to force our family of five out, relegating us to a poky 2 star hotel. We were VERY shabbily treated and i will remember that Hotel with a bad taste in my mouth. The staff lied, threatened and took advantage of our ignorance of hotelling laws. The fact that we were regular paying guests counted for nothing. I will write formal letters to their management. Expect that at some point, if u stay there, u may be maltreated at some point.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daplayagee
<Content>good location       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Sciamano
<Content>Good location, ugly rooms Location of this hotel is excellent, right in front of the Royal Palace. But that's basically it. First of all I have to say that we won this hotel with Priceline at around $160/night (not exactly cheap, considering we won much better hotels in Germany for less than half that price)This is important because it seems that they have very different room levels. This is understandable and I'm aware that when I book with Priceline I might receive the worse rooms of the hotels I win. The problem is that this facility is officially a 5-star rating hotel, but the rooms they give to Priceline users are much worse than what you'd expect in a 3 star hotel.The first room they gave us was officially a non-smoking room, but it smelled like a cigar lounge. I complained and was given another room, just a few doors down. This time it did not smell, but -as the first one- it was simply ugly: small, dirty, rundown and with a horrible bathroom. Suffice it to say that it does not even have a real door, just a couple of saloon-like shutters. Not only it looked old and dirty, it was also one of the smallest bathrooms I've ever seen.When you check-in, be aware that if you are given a room in the back of the hotel, reachable through elevator #5, you are going to have a terrible experience.On the other hand, the public spaces of the hotel are very nice, although they too look pretty old, and would need a renovation.The Winter Garden where the breakfast buffet is prepared is very nice, although I'm not sure the buffet itself is worth the high price. If you don't want to spend that much, there are a few places that sell bread, croissants and rolls just a few meters from the hotel (especially on Damrak). Otherwise the department store that is just outside the hotel (on the right, looking at the Royal Palace) has a nice cafeteria.Also, if you arrive in Amsterdam by car, be prepared to spend an arm and a leg for parking: we parked at the Krasnapolsky's garage and we paid EUR 47.50 (~$75) per night!This hotel might be a 5-star when paying full price and given the best rooms, but it hardly clinches 3-stars level when given 'Priceline rooms'. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>tonguepaste
<Content>Great location, bad room The Kras is in an optimal location in Grand Dam Square in Netherlands, just a few blocks from Centraal Station, just on the edge of the red light district ... It's a beautiful hotel with great desk-service and all required amenities. Good a/c, nice bathroom, very clean. I have no complaints about any of this stuff. However, we were given a room overlooking a construction site, and the construction workers began throwing metal and whatnot around outside at 6 am. Horrible! Impossible to sleep in on what was supposed to be a vacation ... I don't know if I was given this room because I booked through Priceline or what, but I have to give the Kras a big thumbs-down on service for this. Even if my placement in the room wasn't purposeful, they should have known about the construction and simply not given that room or adjoining rooms to anyone, no matter how they booked. Otherwise, no complaints, and I would stay there again. But I'm still angry, a month later, about this and about their more or less unrepentant attitude when I complained upon check-out.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>c_catLondon
<Content>Stayed at this hotel many times, my favourite in Amsterdam I love this hotel. It's definitely the best one that I've stayed at in Amsterdam. I can't recommend it enough. The room was a very good size. Nice bathroom with an amazing power shower. Very helpful staff at the check in and concierge. The location is ideal, right on Dam Square. It has a lovely atmosphere ...there is often a pianist playing in the lobby. My favourite part of the experience is the breakfast. It seems a little steep at 25euro, but it's the nicest breakfast I have ever had. You can help yourself to champagne, there is a chef cooking your eggs/omlettes however you like, another chef to cook hot cherry waffles also pastries, fried bacon  sauages, yogurts, cheese, fruit ... I could go on. It kept me filled up for most of the day!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>spannerpan
<Content>Shocking service I stayed at the Grand krasnapolsky for one night. It was a special occasion so after I booked I called the hotel to see if they could put chocolates in the room or anything. They said please call back in the daytime so I sent an email instead. That was 5 days ago and I still haven't had a reply!Room service was dreadful. They didn't send us all our breakfast and when I called about it they hung up on me! Reception didn't care and amazingly they still charged us for it!I would never stay there again because of the shocking service but on the plus side the rooms were nice (but we asked specifically for a double bed and got 2 singles joined together).  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>lajd2k
<Content>Great hotel! Just returned from a trip to Amsterdam. It was a special occasion, so we wanted to have nice accommodations for the 3 days we stayed there. We chose Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, and it proved to be an excellent choice. It is a bit pricey. When I shopped around, the prices were generally in the $350-450 range; however, I found an advance purchase at Travelocity at $250/night. It turned out to be a great bargain for this hotel, and it was worth every penny. First, the hotel's location can't be beat - it's right on the Dam Square, in the center of everything. Second, the room was huge compared to other European hotels we stayed at. Some reviewers said the rooms were a bit shabby, but our room was pretty clean and nice. Third, the amenities are excellent. You get a generous package of the usual bathroom stuff, and a choice of 4 kinds of pillows. Plus, if you need anything else, the staff is very attentive. For example, I could not find my electric adapter to charge my phone. One call to the front desk, and in 5 minutes I had a proper adapter. The concierge is very attentive and helpful. Several very nice dining establishments on the premises, including a picturesque winter garden. They are not cheap, though. A couple drawbacks. The shower system is very weird, and the shower hose gets in the way. Plus the water temperature was fluctuating which was annoying. Also, the bathroom itself looked a little dated, with green tiles straight from the 70s. Also, we had a problem with our AC, and the room was too warm (until we decided to open the windows). It was the weekend night, so the maintenance staff has already gone home. But these negatives did not detract from the overall very pleasant experience. If we are ever in Amsterdam again, Krasnapolsky would still be our first choice.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>geeper
<Content>Not bad, but not 5-star Not bad. I wasn't there long. Pretty much just enough to sleep. Room was decent. I wouldn't say 5 start but probably more 4-ish.Staff was helpful and friendly. Location was pretty good and central. About 10 minutes walk to Amsterdam Centraal. 5 minutes to RLD. Right off the Dam plaza.Ate locally in the neighborhood (Argentinian steakhouse) and took off for Schiphol early the next day from Centraal.Used Priceline and would PL there again but it's overpriced at regular rates IMO  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mattmerch
<Content>needs rennovation a severe dissapointment stayed one night here was quite dissapointed first when i checked in was given key and directions to room verbally and written on key holder unfortunately the directions were to the wrong lif and the other end of the hotel first room we were given had a quite nasty smell of sewage after ringing reception was offered an alternative room which was better but had a smell off smoke even though was a non smoking room room was large and clean but i think the hotel needs rennovation as there is a musty smell in most parts of the hotel bathroom had a municipal feel to it to sum up this hotel has agreat location but it seems past its sale by date was not worth the discounted rate i got 100 gbp  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	2	1	1	

<Author>KfromBelfast
<Content>Good service and early check in and late check out catered for! We stayed in the hotel in mid June. I had emailed in advance to request an early check in and when no non-smoking standard rooms were available early we decided to upgrade to the royal wing. This was 45 euro per night and the room was very nice. I would say certainly good 4 star standard. We were on the second floor and had no trouble with noise from the street below. We also had a late flight home on the Sunday so being able to check out at 5 was great. The desk staff were helpful and friendlyThe hotel is very well located and a 5-10 minute walk from central station. Our only disappointment was we decided to go to the sunday brunch in the winter garden and it was over when we arrived- even though the info in our room said it was from 1-3pm (so you might want to check if you want to do the same.)Mini-bar was well stocked - no price list in sight though! We ordered a pizza from room service which was very nice.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>0Venera0
<Content>Grand Old Glamour This is an old-school, old-world hotel with slightly fading glamour, but great location, service, and amenities nontheless.We got an amazing price for this place, given the location (right on the square) and the room (HUGE, with a king bed the size of a trampoline, a bathtub big enough for two, and a seperate marble shower stall that could fit four comfortably). The room was decorated in rich burgundies and golds, very old-school, very classic. The bathroom was enormous even for US standards (not to mention European standards), and made us feel like we had a mini-spa in our room.Room service is available 24 hours a day. Staff is very polite and gracious. Check-in and check-out took about 10 minutes, which was slighly frustrating. They know they have a large hotel with many people coming and going, they should staff the desk with more individuals at peak times. This seemed like a hotel for the older, gentried set. We saw many people coming in for the night right around the time we were leaving. Unlike with many European hotels, breakfast was *not* included with our room. (At the room rate we got, I couldn't blame them.) An enormous buffet is available, for a price.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>KeptMan
<Content>Ideal Location, Comfortable Room My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend. The location was ideal: we easily walked to all of the major museums in the city and never once had to use public transportation. It is close to the Red Light district but not too close. The square (Dam Square) the hotel sits on is very lively well past midnight and there is a lot of foot traffic in front of the hotel. The location of the hotel is also good for finding your way back -- it seemed all roads led near our hote and the huge monument in Dam Square is hard to miss. The room was very clean, had nice toiletries, minibar, iron, nice TV, comfortable bed, good A/C, coffee/tea service (free). Rooms were quiet as well. We didn't eat at the hotel but a peek at the breakfast buffet made us wish we had. Another perk: right behind the hotel is a great tasting room to try liquors in an awe-inspiring range of flavors. One note: this might apply everywhere in the city center, but parking was very expensive!Highly recommended, especially at the price we paid.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>zoefitz
<Content>A superb location, lovely hotel       Bicycle on Dam Square  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>oxxygen
<Content>Great location, but overpriced There was not a great choice of hotels in the beginning of May, and we had to choose this hotel for a short city break. Overall, it's a good place close to everything in the city. Service is ok, breakfast is good (although costs 20+ euro)... But there are some drawbacks that I wouldn't expect from the 5star hotel priced at 250 euro plus. Room was not cleaned properly, some stuff was left by previous tenants in bathroom. Somebody barfed in the elevator, and this smell lasted until I checked out... it was really disgusting and encouraged to use stairs. So, next time I would find something more modern and better served, or at least cheaper.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Meanwhile
<Content>Not staying at the Kras anymore! This was our 2nd stay at the Kras and was our last. In short, the shower door was nothing but coated wood and didn't have a seal on the bottom, so the bathroom floor became sopping with each shower, the hairdryer worked dismally, the linens on the bed and the mattress under reminded me of something in a nursing home, and the housekeeping was attricious! Upon checking into the 1st room (on this trip), we moved immediately because there was hair all over the bathroom floor. The second room looked cleaner, but the lighting was horrid, and I think it ended up being just as not clean as the first room. While the location is good, it's the only place in wonderful Amsterdam that feels touristy, which we hate. It seems to be a choice for business meetings because it can accommodate large groups. But for that, we would have stayed someplace else. Amsterdam is a lovely city but, unfortunately, their 5 star hotels are few and often not even close to a 5 star that we are used to, but there certainly must be someplace better than this!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	-1	2	

<Author>lidzfromchi
<Content>First Class at the Kras! My husband and I took our 16 year old daughter to Amsterdam on our way to Egypt. We only had a long weekend so we wanted to be close to everything.The Kras (as it is known) was absolutely amazing. We arrived incredibly early, way before check-in time, tired and hungry after the overnight flight. Check-in was a quick and very curteous. Although they did not have our rooms ready, they offered us the option of either having breakfast on them or if we wanted to upgrade for 10 Euro a night for both rooms we could be upgraded and have our rooms right away. We opted for the rooms which were huge according to European standards, very clean and well appointed.The breakfast is a great deal if you include it in your room price, otherwise its very expensive but is much like a Sunday brunch spread at any top American hotel, even champagne every morning (if you can drink that early)All of our requests were quickly attended to (like extra towels and pillows) The halls were nice and quiet and the decore of the hotel is an interesting mix of old world and modern.It is also literally around the corner from shopping, the Red Light, and anything else you could imagine.A trip to the museum district will set you back about 10 Euros as it is on the other side of town. The train station is within walking distance and the view from our rooms was breathtaking! We looked right onto the main square and at the old palace.We loved it and would return again and again. Hopefully next time the dollar won't be in such sad shape!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tomnativenewyorker
<Content>On Dam Square Nice Hotel. Allowed early check in. Nice rooms.Internet prices were sky high.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>gaweca
<Content>Great Location We absolutely fell in love with Amsterdam. The city buzzed with culture, energy, and fun. Hotel was quite large in an excellent location. Service at front desk was very friendly and efficient, but unfortunately was not in bars and restaurants (breakfast buffet in main restaurant was very impressive). Room was good size, but a bit shabby. Easy to get around city on trolleys. Recommend canal boat tour.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>penangnite
<Content>Excellent location, clean rooms, helpful staff       View of Hotel from Dam Sq.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedGiraffe
<Content>A Refreshing Change       View from apartment  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>rail_traveller00
<Content>Nice location and very friendly staff but rooms are less attractive Was participating at a congress in AMS and this hotel is ideally linked with the Congress Center by tram in about 20 minutes.It is very well located in the heart of Amsterdam, not far from the Central Station.Check-in staff, Reception staff are extremely helpful and friendly.During check-out time, glasses of orange juice are put at disposal on the front desk.It is a pity that the rooms need a renovation; my bathroom has been renovated but my single bed room looked not attractive at all and very small compared to the price. Defintely not in line with a 5-star rating ! No newspaper service, small choice of foreign TV channels. Ask the reception for a good indonesian restaurant: they will give you an excellent adress just a few minutes away.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>travelman56
<Content>Just great Great place with great staff who could not do enough for you. A beautiful spacious building with style. The bedrooms were spotless, clean and great value. Ideal location for an evenings walk to the many nearby attractions. One big advantage if your last day is a Sunday, you do not need to check out till 5-o-clock.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>rayBelfast
<Content>fantastic weekend we had a really great weekend in this hotel, the rooms were huge and spotlessly clean, the location is in the middle of dam square so central for everything, the breakfasts were great and had an extensive choice, staff were friendly and helpful and there was also a good range of bars and restuarants on site, overall a great 5 star choice  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Broadens_the_mind
<Content>Yeah, pretty good Stayed 4 nights on business. Great location on Dam Sq, well decorated, professionally run with pleasant staff, I found.Asked for a non-smoking room, but none available when I arrived so arranged to be moved on day 2 - this was a good thing cos my 1st floor smoking room was small (I paid EUR 120/night, room only) and v. noisy from the street outside. 2nd  subsequent nights in 4th fl non-smoking room was much better. Room bigger and more importantly, quiet. Wifi is available in the rooms  costs a pricey EUR 17.00 or 22.00 per day - to send/receive email via POP you need the dearer one. In the business centre you can get 15 minutes free internet access at hotel PCs only.Had breakfast in the hotel on day 3 - they charged us a delusional EUR 27.50 per head for buffet breakfast. Good quality, but what a rip-off! We didn't go there again. On my last day, Housekeeping rang my doorbell at 8:30am  told me they wanted me to hurry up  check out because they wanted the room! In conclusion, a good hotel experience marred by one or two things and rip-off extras. Next time I'd look around for other places before staying there.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Thedevils
<Content>Champagne breakfast! We had booked this weekend away as two couples, but becauseof illness ended up going minus one half of one of the couples.This didn't stop us having a fantastic time at this hotel.The hotel is in a fantastic location and easy to get to from the train station, 5 min walk. Check in was easy and quick which was good as we arrived at 10:30pm. The rooms were well stocked and very clean. We did ask for rooms next to each other as we didn't want a woman on her own too far away. We were told that they had no rooms any closer together. We needn't have worried as once we had got to our rooms they were only seperated by a small flight of stairs and a landing.The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful and were always on the go.The breakfast, included in our bargain priced break, was excellent, just the thing to set you up for a day walking around Amsterdam. There was everything you could imagine including champagne, all on a self serve basis. My husband did get his moneys worth out of the breakfast and the champagne! On returning from this break we have searched to find the same deal, we paid just over 拢140 per person for Fri to Mon flight hotel and breakfast, but the cheapest we can find is 拢270. If you can find the deal we got, book it and have a fantastic time at the Grand Hotel Krasnapolsy, cos we certainly did!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AllieDorset
<Content>FAB Stayed here with a group from my husbands company, so as we didn't pay I can't comment too much on the costings. However, we loved it. Everywhere was spotlessly clean, from the hotel rooms, the restaurants, the foyer and the bar to the steps outside. Our room was cleaned to an extremely high standard every day and the accessories in the room to help your stay more comfortable were great.The staff were always friendly and all of them said Good Morning/Good Afternoon, whether they were management, restaurant staff or chamber maids. The only time we ate there was for breakfast in the Winter Garden restaurant and there was everything there you could possibly want - no one could go there and say they didn't like anything on offer! There was even champagne if you fancied it!!!!The location couldn't of been better for a tourist. The Hotel was so quiet inside you could never imagine that you were in possibly the busiest part of the city. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Setti21
<Content>Once is enough If this is a 5-star hotel, I'm a monkey's uncle! I'll give it 3-stars on a good day.The rooms are dated although ours was good sized and with a nice view over the Dam.Staff were not necessarily rude, but useless and incompetent at best, although I think this was simply because the staff just did not care.Got a good deal on the internet, but wish I would've paid more and gone somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>CitiBreaker
<Content>Great Hotel - Small Room Great location, Great service, Restaurant didnt have a huge choice but pleanty in the locality. Expensive services.Only negative point: Room was very very small, the bathroom door was two pieces of wood (saloon doors) unlockable. general room standards were dissapointing.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimonALeicester
<Content>A great time at the Kras There are a lot of reviews for this hotel and they are decidedly mixed so we were a little nervous about what to expect. We went as two couples for three nights and had booked a 3 nights for 2 deal with breakfast included, double rooms. Impressions? Well above average!We arrived early on a Monday morning, check in was quick and efficient, and we were porterted to our rooms, all by 11am. The rooms were in the 'elevator 5' block which previous reviewers had warned against but we needn't have worried. The rooms were clean and comfortable if a little small. King sized beds (not singles pushed together), new flat screen TVs (although not connected up to the hotel's info system yet), small bathroom but well stocked, seperate (small) toilet, not much storage space.A safe (good), bathrobes and slippers (good) - although our friends did not have bathrobes, an oversight that was not corrected by the hotel. Free tea and coffee, Minibar but not used (buy your snacks from the supermarket at the other side of Dam Square behind the Royal Palace. There are ice machines on each floor to chill your wine!).We did not make much use of the hotel services but the staff were always friendly and helpful when required.Breakfast - fantastic! The Winter Garden is a wonderful, large. airy conservatory and the buffet is endless. Anything and everything to eat, including champers should you want it! Checkout was equally quick and easy and you can leave your bags in the luggage room if you are not travelling back until later.Overall, we had a good three days here. Lots of conferences on the go so there are always lots of sweeties to pick up on the way to and from your room!Recommended.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>rooba63
<Content>Hard to fault I spent a couple of nights in the royal wing at this hotel and while I would not rate it as five-star, it is difficult to find any major fault .Admittedly, I did come here on a flight  hotel deal - and if I'd paid full price I may not have been quite so happy.Minor annoyances for anyone expecting five-star luxury would be the lack of assistance with bags, no bathrobes, no price list for minibar (simple solution - don't use it) and, in my case, a room looking right out on the next door building.However, the location is perfect, the room was spotless and very quiet, while the staff, while hardly what I would call friendly, were highly efficient. All in all, a pleasant hotel I would recommend to anyone (just don't pay full price!).Holiday hint: Get the train from the airport, it's very easy to use and fast. Don't even think about shelling out 30 euros for a taxi.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Krakas
<Content>Okay- but pricey for what you get I went there with girlfriends for a 40th birthday. Overall we had a good experience, but we were assured it was a 5 star hotel- not everewhere in that hotel; no way. We asked for a room that could accomodate 3 people , we all paid individually. They put us in a double room , and added a fold up (albeit comfortable) bed. We then had to request toiletries and towelling for 3 people from housekreeping; but they kept on leaving enough only for 2. I know it is a knit picky thing- but in a 5 star hotel, I expect luxurious service.  The breakfast is great, and there is something for everyone. Most of the staff were friendly and helpful; except for the Concierge; who was just downright rude!!However you cannot fault the location as we walked almost everywhere from there. we all agreed that we would go back .  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Average       Not a nice view  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Wereldreizigster
<Content>Room in the Royal Wing did not impress me We arrived and the check in was slow and not so friendly. No assistance with bags we just got a key card and instructions to go to the Royal Wing. The room there was nice but nothing what you would expect in a so called Royal Wing. We stayed from Saturday till Sunday so when we read that there were the NH Lazy Sundays with check out in the late afternoon we thought that that was also for us but no: when we came back from some shopping at Bijenkorf at 1 pm we could not enter our room so we had to walk all the way to the reception where they said we should have asked for a Lazy Sunday! how wonderful that is...For parking our car we had to pay a lot of money so that was not nice either!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>balf70
<Content>Great Location Have stayed in this hotel several times over the years. There are 2 parts of the hotel, main hotel rooms are more traditional some in need of refurb. The Royal wing is adjacent to main hotel through and alley - its enclosed and safe. I prefer the rooms in the Royal wing as they are modern with wooden floors, large bathrooms good toiletries.Hotel is very central - right on Dam square, just behind Red Light District, lots of shops, restaurants, coffee shops, bar close by. 5 mins walk to central station  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NOONNIE
<Content>Great Hotel Have recently read some not so hot reviews about this hotel but I must say that I have just come back after having spent 2 nights in it and will definitely be back.The hotel is in a perfection location for seeing all sights of Amsterdam. We arrived early on Saturday and although check in was not supposed to be until 3pm we were greeted by extremely friendly staff who booked us in immediately.Our rooms where very clean bright and airy with loads of space. The bathroom was stocked with every concievable item of toiletry that was needed.I would highly recommend this hotel and for a bargain price of 鈧?00 for the 2 nights would have no hesitation in going back there.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Holly290
<Content>We love the grand!! My husband and I have stayed at the Grand for two years running. At christmas time. We absolutely love it. Yes it does need a bit of upgrading in areas but it is a luxurious and spotlessly clean hotel. The rooms are big and very comfortable. The restaurants are lovely as is the reception area. You cannot beat the location. Its on Dam Square opposite the royal palace. Despite this we did not encounter any problems with noise. The square has a great atmosphere at christmas. The hotel is within a short walking distance of the station, the restaurant area, the vondel park and the red light district. There is also a supermarket nearby (just behind the royal palace). We love amsterdam and would always recommend the grand.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>HotelGuru9
<Content>Important Info before Staying Here Okay there are always tips and hints and tricks with every hotel which you don't find out until you're staying there. Here are some lessons learned:1) Make sure you reserve a Guaranteed Rate room. This not only means you are guaranteed the rate, but it also guarantee's the room. If you do not select this TYPE of room you may show up and be told the hotel is full and you have no room. Be aware of this. I unfortunatley had to watch an incredibly patient businessman calmly argue for a room and get denied because he was unaware of this little twist. He had booked 3 months in advance. So get the right type of room. Its usually $10 to $15 more. Not much. 2) They have two buildings now. One is the main building you walk in with the beautiful lobby. The other is a building you walk to by going outside in the back alley (very safe). Rooms in the main hotel are carpeted and quiet. Very nice. Rooms in the other building are hardwood floor and also very nice, but potential for more noise depending on your neighbors above. 3) They have a notice up as of Christmas 2007 that they are planning to replace all TV's with widescreen flat panels soon.4) My little old african american cleaning lady had the face of an angel, and a smile that would melt your heart, and I immediately took to her. Until I got to Prague a week later and realized my $100 brand new leather shoes were not packed in my suitcase where I had left them. I will not make any accusations, but lets just say the hotel has not contacted me to inform me that I left them behind. Also my $150 in-ear headphones are missing. Use the safe, or put a lock on your suitcase. And no, it doesn't matter that she was african american, except in the sense that she reminded me of the kindest old lady I once knew, who also was. 5) Room service was a disappointment The first meal I had was spaghetti and they didn't bother to include anything they were supposed to. I ended up paying $18 Euros (thats $26 us dollars) for a very small plate of spaghetti. No bread. No salad. Nothing. And $5 Euros more for something to drink (Thats $6.00). A tiny old fashioned coke bottle that was empty in 3 gulps. I was disappointed with this. Crazy expensive and poor food service. The next day I ordered the same spaghetti (I was starving and working in the room), and the same exact meal showed up with side salad, and a basket of bread and butter and cheese. I guess the night person didn't care. Good to note. Make sure you get everything you're supposed to get. Room service people were super nice and always very friendly and patient and very respectful, not even making eye contact with you or anything in the room while you rummage for money. 6) Soap in the bathroom is tiny. Like the size of a match book tiny. And thin. Like matchbook thin. Like 1 shower and its gone. And they give you two. So bring soap, or ask for more when you arrive. And its orange colored, and smelling. 7) Room was nice. I will never get why they can't buy Queensized mattresses, but you will be stuck with two twins, if you think you're getting a King. Enjoy the crack in the middle. The pillows were PHENOMENAL!!!!!!!! I am a bed afficianado and i slept like never before. Absolutely awesome, weird, lumpy square pillows that were complete heaven. But the room overall was very classy, nice lighting, beautiful cherrywood closets and glass mirrored sections with lighting to enhance. They give you two fluffy white cotton robes and slippers to use if you want. Water in the shower is either scorching hot, or cold. Expect to spend about 15 mins trying to push it, just a tad, oh crap, too far, back a tad... ugh .. cold gain... okay ... just... nudge it ..... AH burning hot .... ok this time two hands so it doesnt bump too far.... GOT IT !!!! Nice hotel. Id stay there over the Hostels.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>cindytookoff
<Content>Pricey but worth it This hotel is located in the heart of Amsterdam, right behind the Dam Square, Kalverstreet, Central Station and Red Light District. The service was excellent, staff friendly and the rooms were clean and tidy.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikegreen
<Content>Mixed Bag...       Bthroom  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>MrandMrsH69
<Content>Great once up-graded! On arrival the hotel looked very impressive. Our first room (Floor 4 from lift 6) was not exactly what I would call 5* albeit manageable for a 2 night stay.However due to a very noisy party taking place in the main lounge (right outside our window) and several calls to reception later, we were moved in to the Royal Wing to a junior suite.Now this is where 5* begins!The rooms were large and airy, with fab views over the canal. The bathroom was spacious with a great shower/cabin. Also as we were at the very end of the coridoor it was most of all quiet!The food choice for breakfast was fantastic, if you managed a bit of everything you didn't need to eat again till night!The reception desk and concierge were very helpful, although a little popular at times (it did take a while to check out even thought we got to keep our fabulous suite untill 5pm on the Sunday)Overall a lovely hotel in a fantastic location with great staff and good food.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>elpasoed
<Content>Do not stay here if you like to sleep Stayed here Nov 28 for one night. They gave us a decent room near the alleway...but definitely not worth the 200 euros we paid. the only thing that made it bearable is that my company paid the cost.Everything was ok until about 2am when all hell broke loose. from 2am until 5am, there were constant yelling and laughing coming from the alley way. Couldn't sleep at all!! The central location of the hotel means that you will be hearing all the drunk and stoned people coming out the clubs late at night. stay somewhere else not near the Red Light district...everything is close in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>MadIrishHans
<Content>Christmas Party Well this is for anyone that has booked Hotel Krasnapolsky and thinking of cancelling because of the crap reviews DONT CANCEL ! A group of us from work have just returned from stay in hotel and have not got a bad word to say about the place . Yes it is an old hotel and yes the carpet may be worn in places ....but there is a real old world charm to the place ,and you have a great location right Dam Square, we had no delay either checkin in or out , staff were always polite, the breakfast room is absolutly beautiful ..sure it's 鈧?5 for breakfast but there was a massive choice from cereals eggs boiled , fried even eggs benedict , smoked salmon , kippers ,sausage ,bacon etc etc, all juices and unlimited champagne ...come on youd pay 鈧?0 for 1 glass of champagne. We loved the whole experience and cant wait to go back. We were taken on tour of city by the lovely Hans who was a mine of information, in a horse drawn carraige...well worth it . Shopping was excellent and all very compact no chance of getting lost in this city . Over all we had a brilliant weekend and acn't wait to return and will definatly stay at hotel Krasnapolsky.Ps book with [--] for a good price  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>derosa
<Content>Distinctly Average - go elsewhere I travel extensively in The Netherlands on business and stay in Amsterdam a lot. I usually stay at the Golden Tulip Hotel in the centre which I have always been happy with. For some reason I recently ended up booking the Krasnapolsky and certainly would not want to stay there again. It is not terrible but it is distinctly average.I had requested a non-smoking room but they tried to allocate me a smoking room and when I said I really would not like this they said the hotel was full etc. Then they found a room and the TV did not work. It was not the end of the world but I just wanted a quiet night in so the TV was something I wanted. To cut a long story short it took over an hour and half to try to sort this and they then ended up moving me to another room. The hour and a half wait was prettty poor but what made it frustrating was to keep being told We are on our way now which was quite simply just a succession of lies. Not the end of the world but it was at the end of a long day and getting late for dinner. The room was average and certainly not somewhere you would particularly want to go back to. But there was nothing terribly wrong with it except for the drab decor and well-worn bed.The staff did not show any particular interest. At one stage when I was getting a rather poor response I asked for the manager and was told I am the manager which I found hard to believe.So my advice would be to go elsewhere as there are plenty of alternatives. It is certainly not worth the money and the staff really do not show much interest at all in really looking after you  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>SydneyAussieGirl
<Content>Pleasant surprise My husband and I stayed at this hotel during a weekend trip to Amsterdam. We booked the hotel as a top secret deal, so we didnt know where we were staying until after we had paid. Once I found out where we were staying I had a look at the website and thought it looked alright. Then I read some reviews on tripadvisor and got a little worried - there were some scathing reviews!So with much trepidation we arrived at the hotel at 10.30pm on a Friday night to check in. There were no queues, and the reception staff were very nice and helpful, giving us suggestions on places to go out, and answering other questions about the city.We got to our room and it was lovely. It had a recently renovated bathroom, and a huge bed. The bed was admittedly two singles pushed together (or maybe king singles - the bed was massive) but having stayed in many european hotels we have found this to be quite commonplace. The bed was very comfortable and we cherished the extra space!!We didnt have any meals at the hotel, but what we saw of the restaurants and other facilities seemed quite nice.The location of this hotel is possibly its best point - it is right on Dam Square, only about five minutes walk from the main train station, right near tram stops, shopping centres, a block or two from the red light district, coffee shops and bike rental places are in abundance and it is directly across from the Palace and the New Church.Check out wasnt as smooth as check in, not because the staff didnt know what they were doing, but because there were several people queued in front of us who were checking in, and asking a lot of questions.One of the great things about this hotel is that check out on Sundays is automatically extended to 5pm - perfect for weekend trips.Highly recommended hotel, had a fantastic weekend and cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ANWAS
<Content>great location ...poor hotel 3 star at best       view onto dam square  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CaptainCarlPerth
<Content>Pretty Poor Apartment I Stayed in Apartment 7305, 1 bedroom with lounge, kitchen, bathroom and laundry plus a small entry.I would rate the apartment 1 star and very hard to find any comfort in this apartment.On Arrival to the hotel I had booked and pre paid for a standard single room, I asked how much to upgrade to an apartment and they said it would be free, that was great.I knew that the stair case was going to be steep so the porter led me to the back of the hotel, down an alley and up the stair case which was like a ladder on a slight angle.The apartment on first view seemed large and I wanted privacy and got it too.I firstly un packed and put on some music but found out the stereo speakers had blown so had to turn it off. The apartment had lots of bits and pieces all arranged in a disorganised way so after a few hours I arranged it to the way I thought would be comfortable.The bedroom had 2 small single beds which are light and cheaply made they did not feel comfortable and I did not use them, the lounge had a pull out sofa bed similer to a futon and I used this bed but it was very hard to put together and everynight fell apart so I never had a good sleep.The kitchen had sufficient cutlery, crockery and cookware to cook basic foods and I cooked each night (suparmarket food in Amsterdam is incredibly cheap and I spend a total of 84 euros for 3 meals a day for 7 days). The fridge is very small so don't buy too much, the oven and hot plates worked well, microwave was fine and good lighting.The lounge has a TV, bookshelf, sofa bed, very large dinner table which takes up most of the space in the lounge, 2 chairs and 2 lounge chairs plus coffee table. It all looks like what you would see in an apartment of young guys who have just moved out of their parents house and have collected bits and pieces and hand me downs, nothing very comfortable or pleasant on the eye.The lounge also has a video player but my one did not work and no one could fix it, they also supply a file with the leaflets of all the appliances in the apartment but as so many of the appliances have been replaced over time the leaflets had not been replaced and are for appliances no longer in the apartment.The cupboard laundry has a washing machine and as savvy as I am with these kinds of appliances and with full instructions I struggled to use it as it i not your normal automatic front loader.After 3 nights in the apartment I started to get ill so I thought I need to give this place a good clean, I pulled the sofa away from the wall in the lounge only to find heaps of rotting food scraps and this is when I realised the apartment was dirty, I stayed ill for most of my time at the hotel.What did work superbly was the mini in room safe.The area around the hotel is awful, I saw so many drug addicts taking hard drugs in every corner of the hotels ally and area that connects the Royal Wing to the Main Hotel, every time I left my apartment to go out I was met with endless amounts of people asking me to buy drugs or promising me to help me find my way or offering info on Amsterdam, I was cleverly taken in by a few of these people as they seem so trustful only to find I was duped and again these are the people that are the drug users. If you are not use to this kind of environment you would just think they are friendly locals helping a tourist.I had breakfast in the hotel and it does cost 25euros but its really good, top quality foods well prepared. I enjoyed having a glass of bubbly in the morning before breakfast.The area that the hotel is located is the Red Light area and its very sleazy, loaded with drug addicts, husslers and all sorts of people hanging around the streets looking to make a quick buck.I spent the balance of my time in Leidersplane and found that the Park Hotel and the Marriot are well located in a more conservative healthy part of town.The stair case to the apartment always smelt of vomit and the apartment comes either cold or hot no in between.I hope my review will help you make an informed decision, I paid Euros 120 per night for this experience.Thank you  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>mammamarg
<Content>Centrally situated Good 5 star hotel. Annoyed at having to pay for tea and coffee making facilities whether or not you used them! At 拢135 per double room per night I would expect free coffee/tea.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pytrash
<Content>Great location, nice hotel, convenient! I booked my room through priceline, but not through the name your price, just regular booking. I think I got lucky and catch a good promotion. It was 99 euros per night + 5% tax I believed. The hotel is right at Dam Square, about 10 mins walk from Centraal Station, you can take the tram, but we just walked, there were tons of stores and restaurants along so it was a pleasant walk. The hotel is a few blocks from red light district as well. Tons of restaurants just right next to the hotel, as well as pastry shops for breakfast. We were lucky enough to get a room at the Royal Wing (need to take elevator 6, which is a separate building than the main lobby). The room was completely refurbished obviously not too long ago. It is very modern, nice wood floors, comfortable bed, nice modern bathroom with great amenities. We were there with four other friends, so we had 3 different rooms. 2 of us got rooms at the Royal wing, my friend's room is at the 6th floor (top floor) and it has a balcony as well. Not a lot of view, but it was still nice. However, my other friend got a room in the main building, and it was dated. Still very clean but it's definitely the 70s style. Very spacious room.The check-in and check-out process was quick, we didn't have a long line and it was quick. Overall quite polite but I didn't interact with them too much. We got a free drink coupon as well as a sudoku book since we are new customers. The friend who got the older style room doesn't have it since it's their 2nd time staying at this hotel. They are definitely trying to attract and retain new customers.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>yachtracer
<Content>Elevator 5 Have stayed at the Krasnapolsky many times in the last few years and sometimes it's been very good and other times very average. There is a big variety in the quality of the rooms, which makes a big difference to your stay.This week it felt like the hotel is rather tired. Of course, the location is great right on Dam Square, 10 minutes walk from Centraal Station, but that's probably it's best feature right now.Arrived at 8PM to face a 15 minutes queue at check in. I had booked a standard room and apparently got the last non-smoking room, accessed from Elevator 5 ( I think that the rooms in this block are the worst in the hotel). 4th floor room size was small, but OK for the price. However, the room was very tired and smelt of smoke - what some hotels call classic or hotel speak for not refurbished for a long time !!). The bathroom was honestly the tiniest I have ever experienced in a hotel. If you are offered this part of the hotel, see if you can change at check in.WI-FI in the room works fine but expensive at 鈧?7 from Swisscom.I didn't bother with breakfast as it's 鈧?5 for a continental and there are plenty of places nearby. The breakfast room is really beautiful though, so if you have the time to enjoy it, why not. There is a coffee bar at the front of the hotel, where you can get a coffee and pastry, but it is tired and soul-less that's why I guess it was empty at 8.30AM !There are much better NH hotels in Amsterdam, such as the Barbizon Palace, worthy of the 5 stars they claim. In my opinion, the Krasnapolsky is no longer one of them.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	3	2	

<Author>weaselclaff
<Content>Tired of queueing Room was ok but sheets didn't fit the bed!! Shower was either boiling hot or freezing cold and took about an hour to check out! Apart from that hotel is OK  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ck2001uk
<Content>Not bad at all       View at night from the square  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>itchytooties
<Content>Sunny Weekend in Amsterdam Just returned from the Krasnapolsky following a weekend away in Dam. 6 thirty-somethings and the location was perfect, central, right on Dam Sq with coffee shops, bars and restaurants all in proximity. Again, as other reviewers have noted this is not what we would regard 5*, more a 4*. Reception and concierge were all very helpful and polite. The rooms were large with really comfy huge beds (we did upgrade the rooms!), but the bathroom looked a bit worn and could've been cleaner. The free toiletries although they looked great were not the nicest smelling. View from rooms were over neighbouring dwellings. Beware the cakes and pastries....they were left uncovered all the time the restaurant was open and were not swapped out for the 3 days we were there!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Vancouver_7
<Content>Fading fast With a 5 star rating I was expecting a great experience. The location is wonderful and the staff were friendly but the hotel is a dump. The carpets are worn, paint is obviously old, walls and doors scratched, etc, etc. For 250 euros I got a room that dated to 1950 in its decor and was 5 x 10 feet in size! The breakfast buffet was too expensive for what was offered, costing 25 euros. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>KiaOra1
<Content>Great location and great room       View from the hotel room  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>alaberdeen
<Content>hotel krasnapolsky Just returned from a stay at the Hotel Krasnapolsky to celebrate our friends 25th wedding anniversary. Picked the hotel because it was central and it was true to its word - came out of train station and walked straight for about 10 minutes and you are there. Was worried about check in as had read so many bad reviews about this - but checked in about 3pm and with no hassle or queues. We had booked with last minute.com and paid extra to get the best room available - wouldn't waste money again doing this as got standard room with no view in the conference end of hotel - think we would somehow have got this room no matter what. Room nothing fancy - but clean. Didn't spend too much time in it as so much to see and do in Amsterdam. Only complaint we had was the smell when you exited elevator 5 - 2nd floor - the smell in the corridor was horrendous. Luckily smell didn't filter in to our room - and only seemed to be on floor 2. Breakfast dining room looked magnificent - but the price was just too over the top. All in all we really enjoyed our stay for the 3 days and definitely will return to Amsterdam - but probably stay at another hotel in and around the area of the Krasnapolsky now that we know the area and other hotels around it - as it was really central and easy to get around.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ArubaAmy
<Content>Very Happy With Our Hotel Choice       Breakfast Room at Krasnapolsky  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>MINDLE22
<Content>to be avoided at all costs The only redeeming feature of this so-called 5 star hotel is the location - Dam Square - and even that in the middle of summer can be overcrowded and noisy. We arrived at 6.15 in the morning after a long flight from Ecuador, and had to wait 10 minutes until someone answered the night porter bell - not something one would expect from a 5 star hotel. Check in was fine . The room was real disappointment. Shabby , run down, and in need of a complete refurbishment. The public areas are those you would expect from a 2-3 star hotel - all again in need of a major updating. - particularly the carpets.Will never stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	4	2	4	

<Author>larksie
<Content>where was the Grand? This was a highly rated hotel and came recommended by a friend who lived locally. Therefore, I was slightly disappointed when I found me room in a building next door accessed by a corridor crossing an alleyway ... when opening the door, I saw a fair sized room and a huge King size bed, which turned out to be two twins pushed together. Oh well.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>BobD99
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location       Room with a view - Centraal Station in the distance  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lindakessler
<Content>We had an excellent experience here... I've just read the most recent reviews and can't understand all the negative comments. We had a beautiful, spacious, very clean room for 159 euros a night. I am quite picky about hotels, especially the cleanliness, and our room and the hallways and lobby were spotless! Our bathroom was large, the towels big and fluffy, the bed linens fresh and comfortable...I called and asked for an extra pillow and it arrived within 15 minutes of my call. There was a lot of storage space for our clothes, a large in-room safe that could accommodate my husband's laptop, and a modern thermostat that controlled our room's temperature nicely. The bathroom was equipped with a basket full of lovely shampoos, lotions, toothbrushes, combs, shower caps, etc. and the bar soap was a delightful orange-scent...very nice! The large cupboard contained a variety of drinking glasses and tea cups along with a water-heating pot with tea, coffee, sugar, etc. There was even a blessed ice machine down the hall--a rare treat in any European hotel. We rented bikes and the hotel staff were very helpful in providing us with a parking ticket that gave us access to the parking structure attached to the hotel so we could lock up our bikes there for no charge. Our two nights at Hotel Krasnapolsky were delightful and I would recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Karen1981London
<Content>Location location location Just to put you in the picture i am in my mid twentys and i went to amsterdam with my boyfriend for a nice weekend break.Compared to the majority of accommodation in Amsterdam this place was a god-send. It is located right on Dam square which is such a brilliant location to explore the city.- The staff were polite and efficient and the rooms were a nice size and were very clean (i was on the 5th floor - not sure if this makes a difference). They also provided all the essentials in travel size (toothbrush, toothpaste, comb, hairbrush, shaving kit, shampoo, shower gel etc etc) - you dont get all of these in most hotels.Being from the hotel industry myself i can say that this is very satisfactory indeed. Dont book if you are looking for a good 4 star hotel and have high expectations but if you are expecting a mid range 4 star or high end 3 star then this is your place.Amsterdam was brilliant. Reccommendations are:Hire a bike!! This is my top tip. The first day we walked and our feet were killing by the end of it. Hiring a bike allowed us to visit all the sights at ease - and it was lots of fun too!! I reccommend the bike shop in between central staion and Dam sq (if you're at Dam sq and looking in central station direction then its on the right hand side). They charge 7euros per day whereas others we saw were 6 euros for 3 hours. We had the bikes for two days and it was only 13euros BARGINVondelpark - beautiful. We only meant to pop in for an hour or so but ended up staying for 5 hours (it was a nice day). Make sure you take your bike! Goucho grill - we had spare ribs and steak - you get as many ribs as you can eat! Lovely food, nice setting!Leidseplein - buzzing atmosphere - good to dine alfresco or have a drink and people watch.Brown Cafe - we went to a cafe called 'Get down to it' - great atmosphere and everything you would expect from a brown cafe in AmsterdamRed Light District - we walked through about 5 times. Definitely an experience!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sf_traveler
<Content>Disgusting I can't believe anyone could enjoy staying at this hotel. The only positive I can think of is the location, which is on the Dam. However, there are numerous other hotels close by that will be more comfortable (not much could be worse). Check-in is chaotic and although we didn't arrive until 4PM, the room wasn't ready. We returned an hour later, waited in line another 20 minutes and finally checked in. The room was very small with filthy carpets, the bathroom even smaller and dirty. Trash from the previous occupants still lay on the vanity. By American standards this hotel ranks below a Motel 6, a dirty one at that. The staff was pleasant and did their best given the circumstances. We checked out 2 days early.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	4	-1	

<Author>Dastonm
<Content>Grand Disaster A friend and I stayed here in late July/Early August 2007. How, why and where this hotel gets its reputation for being a Grand Hotel is beyond me. The carpets are stained and smell through out the hotel - and smell of must and damp. The Bedroom was akin to something you might find in a 2 star hotel in London with old chipped furniture and the saloon style swing-door on the bathroom was cheap beyond belief. My friend found a small cockroach in the closet as we were leaving - which is just as well as had we known about them our stay would have been far more unpleasant than it already was.All in all, a shabby hotel resting on a reputation undoubtably earned many decades ago. Avoid.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	3	

<Author>Leipsuig
<Content>Stay Away!! Definitely not 5*. Worst Hotel I have stayed in. First they tried to book us into a room with a three quarter bed... Then we were moved to a filthy Smoking Room (we requested and confirmed a Non Smoking room before our travels as my wife is asmatic). We were told that it is a priviledge to get a non smoking room and not a right by the most incompassionate reception staff I have ever had the digust of meeting. We were moved to a 3rd room the following day. This room was much beter and according to the reseption staff one of the best rooms... well if that was the best room a 5* establishment like this can offer I will never book at any of the NH Group of hotels ever again. Oh by the way you can forget to check in at 15:00.. rather aim for 17:00 (this is probably why they have so much seating in the reception area)  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>theanxiousaardvark
<Content>We had an excellent time, however your results may vary       The view from our room of Dam Square  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>janiebubble
<Content>give it a try if you can get a cheap deal we booked on priceline, then were really worried when we read the reviews here ... but ... we'd only paid 拢66 a night which is a fraction of the rack rate and couldn't cancel!!It was fine, yes there are a lot of tour parties there, yes the breakfast is expensive, yes its not ultra modern chic.BUT ... the room was huge, air con was ok, we had a room at the back looking out onto a quiet courtyard with the largest opening window i've seen in a hotel. The red light district didn't bother us, the staff were helpful and friendly, and the location great.I wouldn't pay the rack rate, but for less than most of the budget hotels on expedia and the like it was a good deal for us.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Philip_D8
<Content>Absolutely Awful - be warned! What a complete disaster! We went to Amsterdam for the weekend on the 7th of July 2007. My friend had been there before and had recommended it. He was soon wishing he hadnt! Our initial problem happened when it came to check in. We arrived at 1.30pm and went to reception to check in. We were told that our room would not be available until 3pm. We didnt think that was a major problem, so we went off for a stroll around the city centre until it was ready. We came back to the hotel at 3.30pm (thinking we had given them enough time) - but apparently we hadnt. We were told to come back at 5pm. No major hassle, we went off again and came back at 5.30pm and when we went to reception again we were told that the room wasnt ready. Each time we were queuing at reception to talk to someone, we were made wait at least 15 mins on each occasion. There was around 4 people in the queue ahead of us and everyone was fuming at the amount of time it took to deal with queries...there was one elderly couple at the desk and they were freaking at the service that they were being given. Sloppy service, thats the only way to describe it. The management of the hotel dont seem to be intestered in having smooth check in/out processes - because of the length of time it was taking to complete tasks that other hotels seems to complete in seconds. Whats all the drama for? The room itself was just ordinary, a little bit too ordinary for the prices we were paying. When I had a shower, water was appearing on the floor inthe bedroom! The hotel lobby smelt of old carpet, it was a bit run down. If you get to go there, have a look at the canopy outside the main entrance, its patched up with sellotape!! I really pity the staff who are working there, cause they are working for an organisation who dont put the customers first - all they want is your money. You are going to be disappointed in this hotel, so save yourself the hassle by staying somewhere else. Its not worth it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SneakySnufflez
<Content>Nice Hotel, but not 5 stars       hotel hall  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>tjjism
<Content>Over rated and over priced This hotel was terrible. I can't believe it is rated 4 stars! Our room was old and dingy with nasty carpeting and broken down stained furniture. We were in a newer wing of the hotel that was probably built in the '60's or '70's but this room would be what you expect in a $50 a night motel in the US. Maybe the old wing is nicer?Besides the quality of the room, the staff was not friendly or helpful. The common areas were packed with attendees at two different conferences that were being held there as well as a number of tour groups that were being dropped off by bus.I assume these groups were getting BIG discounts compared to the $249 euro I was paying. The only thing good about this hotel was the location.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>mariruthl
<Content>Glad we got it at a reduced rate! We booked a package literally at the last minute through lastminute.com, so we paid a fraction of what the rack rate for this hotel is. I'm glad we didn't pay full price, as it is certainly not a 5 star hotel. I think it is in various stages of renovation - the common areas need more refurbishment, and although our room furniture was nice (the pillows were great but the bed was pretty hard) the bathroom was awful - complete with MDF doors for the toilet and shower (which leaked everywhere) and plastic tiling on the ceiling. The hot water knobs become very hot - to the point of burning when touched. The breakfast which is served in the Winter Garden was good - huge variety and a great setting. Every hotel breakfast is over priced, but 25 euros didn't seem too bad for the choice and quantity. We didn't have to eat lunch!The location, as others have mentioned, is very central. We didn't experience noise problems because we were tucked away in the middle of the hotel (overlooking mechanical equipment on the roof below). It was a very busy area at night though.If we return to Amsterdam I think we would stay closer to the Museum Quarter - where it is less busy and more scenic. From Dam Square it was a 25 minute walk to the Van Gogh museum. The trams seemed perpetually crowded and it was much easier to walk. We purchased the I amsterdam card for 48 hours on our arrival (at the tourist bureau at the airport) and it was well worth it!! We visited 10 sites for essentially half of what the normal admission would have cost us. The only site we visited not included in the card was the Anne Frank House. We really enjoyed our visit to Amsterdam, but recommend this hotel only if it is part of a reduced rate package deal, as you're not paying for anything close to 5 star accommodations.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkMDMPH
<Content>definitely not 5 stars This hotel has the perfect location, right in dam square. Check in was efficient and fast. We were given a room in the royal wing, which was supposedly the new part of the hotel (an adjacent building). We had to cross through a clean well lit covered alleyway to get to our room. The security card readers had a lot of trouble reading the key cards to get throught the alleyway. You have to swipe it at least 5 times. Saw other hotel patrons do this. Rooms were average, but my bathroom was NICE. It was bigger than my bedroom in NYC. Clean. Nice toiletries. The faucets were really cheap. I burned my finger (with a blister) trying to turn off the water. The hot water knob heats up dangerously hot. You must use a hand towel to turn it off. The bed was really lumpy and old. The first night I had back pain from sleeping on it so I made my husband switch sides. They did not have an iron or ironing board. They have an electronically sensed refrigerator in the room. When we arrived in our room, we noticed that a bottle was missing from our refrigerator. The next day it was replaced. I'm hoping that they didn't charge me for whatever the prior visitor used. Internet cost 25 euros per day. We went to a local internet cafe and paid 2 euros for 1 hour, valid for 48 hours. Breakfast was served in the Wintergarden. Very nice selection but often ran out of pastries, hot milk, and hot cocoa. They did offer champagne with the breakfast but it tasted like vinegar with bubbles. This hotel is located 1 block from the beginning of the red light district. There was a lot of noise from people partying at night. Trams were located in dam square, a several feet away. I would recommend this place because of the location but only if you can get a good price.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	1	

<Author>AliChami
<Content>Worst hotel stay I ever had This hotel was listed as a 5 star (on priceline.com)? I have travelled quite a bit and stayed at a range of hotels. This hotel rates worse than 2 and 3 star hotels i have stayed at; in Amsterdam and throughout Europe and Middle East. The only good thing that can be said about this hotel is the location. Other than that, this hotel is very dirty. The room smelled terribly. It has not been updated in decades. Stains all over the furniture and comforters. My wife would not remove her shoes. After the first night, I checked out and stayed elsewhere, incurring a loss.I was absolutely amazed that people could write anything positive about this place, or even pay top dollar to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>manlaw
<Content>Nice Choice Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Nh Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky and was very impressed. I鈥檝e stayed at a few other hotels in Amsterdam before and I must admit this was the best. The location is ideal, right smack dab in the middle of the city close to virtually everything. The hotel lobby is gorgeous and check-in/out was relatively smooth. My room was very nice, spacious with a large King sized bed. Didn鈥檛 have much a view tho. D茅cor was suitable, sort of quaint. Bathroom was large with a big tub. They even provide complimentary bath robe and slippers. The room safety deposit box is computerized and very easy/convenient to use. They have cable television however most of the channels offered are pay-tv and they only have 1 free channel in English. Contrary to other reviews, street noise wasn鈥檛 a problem at all. They do lock the main door at 1 am and you have to show your room card to get buzzed in which was a little annoying but really not a problem. The only thing I noticed that could use some improvement was the maid service. Got the feeling that they were in a rush sometimes (if you know what I mean) but everything else was fine. I highly recommend this hotel for tourists and business travelers looking for quality in a convenient location.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Smilesx
<Content>Wow! We spent two nights here as a last minute a few days ago, due to booking last minute we really did not expect much, but on first arrival and walking for approx 10 minutes we arrived at Dam Square, and to this beautiful hotel, firstly someone helps you with your bags, the staff really are truely wonderful and helpful, really nothing was to much trouble.After checking in at reception two hours early Semra (whom really is an asset to the company) informed us that we had in fact been up-graded to the Royal Wing, we really could not believe our luck!On arriving at our room, the room was totally breath taking due to being a special occasion for us both, the hotel had arranged fresh flowers in our room, and rose petals in our bath (maybe a girl thing)!We really could not of asked for a better room, on returning later that afternoon we came back to a bottle of wine and fresh fruit, this hotel was truely outstanding.The bed was just so comfortable, ideal after all the walking, and the shower was one of the best we had known, and in the past we have travelled to a few places, for us this really was 5*..Thank you to all the staff especially Semra whom made our stay truely memorable, and one we will never forget, the hotel really is in the heart of Amsterdam ideal for all Amsterdam has to offer.... PERFECT!!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gjn75
<Content>Not the best hotel for tourists This hotel is in a great situation, right on dam square, short walk from centraal station etc. Our room was small, dark, had peeling wallpaper and was in need of complete redecoration. For 鈧?00 a night i expected a little more. There are so many better hotels in amsterdam.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>angelee
<Content>Beautiful Hotel right on Dam square I stayed here with my boyfriend for about 5 days in Febuary. The hotel is right on Dam Square so close to the red light district and everything...The room, service and food was absolutly peferct... the only little thing though i found it beautiful...was that i could easily see my boyfriends point of view that for us it was a bit old fashioned looking.. for example the decoration and furnishings in the room were really old styled and could be made slightly more up to date looking...  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Proby20
<Content>Number 1 Hotel in Amsterdam I have stayed at the Krasnapolsky twice on business, and to put it simply, it is the best hotel in Amsterdam. On both occassions I was only there a couple of nights, however everything about it is five star and you should have no hesitattion booking this hotel. The food, drink, rooms and service are all perfect and it is 100% centrally located. A true central city five star hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Birdy21
<Content>A good hotel This was the third time staying at the Krasnapolsky. It is a fine hotel. Always clean. The staff is efficient if not overly friendly. Rooms are big enough and well appointed. The location is terrific for tourists and biz alike. Only complaint is that the 5 star price delivers a4 star hotel. However, you won't have to worry about one of those miserable hotel stays.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gustofers_travels
<Content>Ordinary hotel, ordinary service, good location Had to stay there for a conference. I think they get a lot of their business via conferences so they don't seem to really care how they treat you. Certainly not 5 star service, with reception staff quite rude and the term concierge is being applied quite liberally here. No baggage service, no calling of taxi's for guests, breakfast extremely expensive......would not stay again unless someone else paying.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	2	2	

<Author>Majmacc
<Content>Great hotel for a great price! We stayed here for three nights before taking a canal cruise through Netherlands and Belgium. By booking through Continental Air Lines, our room was about $200 per night (without breakfast: 25 euros p.p. was outrageous). The room 506 was on the top floor overlooking a court yard and the city sky line. It was quiet, comfortable and what I expect from a 5-star hotel in Europe. The main bar was excellent and the fitness center was well maintained. I would stay here again in a minute, as long as the price was about the same (It's probably NOT a $400 a night property.)  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boston8368
<Content>Huge hotel lacking character- 5 star rating a stretch I have ended up at the Krasnapolsky on three different occassions, and each time has been a completely different experience. On the first trip, 5 years ago, I was in an executive room which was acceptable and clean. Last year, however, I was in a standard room which was really quite grim- a walk in shower, folding bathroom door, and dated, tattered linens and decor. I had vowed never to stay again, but because my most recent trip was spontaineous, it was the only central hotel with availability, so I booked the executive room to be on the safe side...The room which was said to be in the newly refurbished royal wing was very basic and was certainly not like any other 5 star hotel I've ever stayed in. When we asked to upgrade further, the staff insisted that we were in the nicest possible area of the hotel...The inconsistency probably lies in the size of the hotel- it is really massive. Despite the disappointment in the rooms, the staff are lovely and friendly and the service has been fine...It's suitable for a business traveler, but not especially comfortable for a romantic weekend or family holiday.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>Karen11California
<Content>great location-poor air conditioning!!! The Grand Krasnapolsky was in an ideal location, right in the middle of all of town. It was walking distance to all of the attractions and close to all kinds of restaurants and shopping. It is a lovely old hotel. The rooms were quite adequate and the very expensive breakfast buffet, which had every kind of food imaginable, was delicious. The major downside is the air conditioning, which barely worked. I heard numerous complaints at the desk. The lobby was always full of tourists.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Penelope111254
<Content>Central Location, NOT 5 star! We were bitterly dissapointed with this 5 star hotel....On arrival and departure we received no assistance with our luggage, we had to cart our suitcases through the lobby, down a long corridore and locate the lift by the entrance of the car park ! which one wouldn't expect from a 5 star hotel. I would rate it a below average 4 star Our room was clean, but very dissapointing. On the plus side... the hotel is very central. I wouldn't recomend this hotel, and we certainly won't stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>bonbon05
<Content>Outstanding, Excellent, A++ We have just returned from a long weekend in Amsterdam  I felt I had to write a review about a fabulous hotel  an amazing city. I was slightly wary after reading some of the reviews about this hotel but I found the staff charming, the hotel immaculate  the rooms although maybe note quite 5 star, definately 4 star  very comfortable. We booked with breakfast included  I am so happy that we did. The food was amazing ranging from cereal to eggs  bacon to waffles, fruit, bread, fish  plenty of bucks fizz.... It really allowed us to go out for the day without needing to stop for anything more than a snack.Amsterdam itself is the most amazing city I have ever been to. It is mad, full of push-bikes  trams but so quaint, picturesque  cosmopolitan that we were sad to be coming home!! We walked  walked throughout the whole area  I have to admit for location this hotel cannot be beaten. right on dam square it really is in the heart of everything.Food is gorgeous, the only problem seemed to be choosing where to eat as there really is an enormous ammount of choice. The nightlife is brilliant too. We did venture into the 'red-light' district out of curiosity  although it was busy it was still an interesting place to see  an absolute must even if you just go once.I cannot praise the hotel  the city enough  cannot wait to go back although would probably pick a cheaper hotel as bar sleeping in it we were out continually.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ray07
<Content>Nice room...shame about the noise We visited Amsterdam as a treat from my partner just before Christmas. We stayed at the Grand because it IS soo convinent right in front of Dam Square. And very easy to walk to from the Train Station.We were given a big room that face the side street off Dam Sqaure. The room is spacious  comfirtable. Reasonable modern deco (but don't expect chic Minmalist deco) thick velvet curtains  nice King Size Bed.....with a pair of complimentry ear plug on the pillow. That was suspicious  sure enough when we came back late in the night. The noise on the street are unbearable. The window turn out to be single glazed with some ventilation grilles. Unfortunately the room face onto the road leading to the Red Light District. So the merry o' sound of drunken party goers lasted all night.Mind you the hotel was very accomodating (they obviously expected it) and allow us to switch room to one facing the rear looking out onto back yard. Although the room was smaller  now a Queen size bed with no view. It was much quieter  we settle down for nice sleep the next night.The Winter Garden only do Breakfast  it close quite early for Amsterdam (10am I believe) so we did not manage to catch it as late risers. But there are plenty of nice cafe around the area. We enjoyed the Cafe next to the old church which is now Amsterdam Museum. We had fun when they had a fire drill  locked all the clientel inside the cafe, while the staff run around like headless chicken.Do be careful when walking on the pavement in Amsterdam. They have complicated designated cycle path  the locals bomb along these with little or no consideration for the pedestrian (may be only tourist walk in this city,  they deserve to be run down?) My partner happen to be hit by 1 of these maniac  he just dust himself off  got on the bike  went right away. Not very friendly.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissJA
<Content>Beware My partner and I booked a weekend away in Amsterdam. We selected the Grand Kransnapolsky because it had an excellent location in the centre of town.The hotel itself was lovely, however, upon check in they asked for a credit card as a guarantee - which is normal practice in hotels. The hotel then took an authorisation for 700E from my account which means that they hold the funds incase you want to charge to your room. Normally hotels will take the equivalent of the first night's accommodation which would be 拢150 and many of them only check the funds are there they don't proceed to hold them. Due to the fact no one had told me that they were doing this I was unable to access any funds during my stay as they had charged 拢300 for my room and on top of that held the 700E totally alomst 拢900.As I was unaware that they would do this I thought that someone was fraudulantly using my bank card so I cancelled it and reported it to my bank. So please beware and find out what amount of money they are going to take out of your account. Personally I think holding 拢700 - 拢500 incase we wanted to charge to our room was excessive.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Pink_Eeyore
<Content>Not worth the hassle We booked the NH Schiller for our stay 17-19 Feb but on the 12th were informed due to renovations we were being moved to the Krasnapolsky (which we did not mind).We arrived at approx 1030 and attempted to check in, were told rooms were being cleaned but try again in an hour or so which we did and saw same receptionist who seemed a bit cagey and told us to come back at 3, which we did only to be told we didn't actually have a room and had to go to the Schiller - needless to say i was a little annoyed at this stage (we had been travelling since 3am !) and vented my rage a bit and demanded a free taxi to the Schiller - at this she disappeared then told me we could stay here amongst lots of apologies - we were just happy to get to a room, which was nothing special at all !!! They did send a bottle of wine to our room to apologise further which we greatly appreciated. However the next day we happened to call back to our room at about 1pm to recieve a call asking us to check out ! I explained we were booked in for 2 nights and was told to come to reception as our keys would no longer work ! Saw the same girl as day before and she was mortified we were being hassled again and gave us free breakfast for the 2 nights to apologise - by this stage i gave up any chance of a relaxing weekend away and was just waiting for the next thingWell at about 7pm whilst getting ready for dinner, the concierge arrived to 'help us move rooms' to which i simply laughed said wrong room and shut the door - told the girl the next day and she was mortified so i hope its not the normIt is a nice hotel but for me it just was not worth the hassle even though we got the compensation freebies - i'd rather have just had a nice relaxing stay !I won't be using NH again  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tomandjean
<Content>krappy krasnopolsky The hotel is ABSOLUTELY not five star.The lobby and dining areas are above average but the bedrooms.are way too small,virtually no closet space,and what's up with those heating pipes banging and groaning all night long.Good thing we brought ear plugs....Great location but not enough to sell me for our next trip to beautiful Amsterdam........  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>brooklyncouple
<Content>Centrally located but needs some attention       Front of hotel on Dam Square  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>cazi
<Content>rooms basic  Just got back from staying at this hotel supposed to be a 5 star not in my opinion...we got a room for 拢175 euro per night thought breakfast would be included for this price but it was not asked how much breakfast was and they wanted another 25 euros per person per night...the room was at the back of the hotel and quite a walk away from the reception..and were noisey because of water/heating pipes banging all through the night very smokey lobby.we stayed twice before the The Grand Sofitel and it knocks the spots of this hotel ..no intention of every staying there again  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Prefer5star
<Content>Skip the Krasnapolsky The Krasnapolsky was touted as a 5-star hotel but it is anything but. Many of the rooms in the main hotel are small and outdated. We stayed in the newer rooms, but you have to leave the hotel and go through an alley to enter the building with the newer rooms. Some unsavory people hang out in this alley. It was overpriced for the experience. The concierge was extremely rude to us and the hotel lobby is always crowded and full of smoke (from all kinds of things). If you have the resources, I suggest the Intercontinental Amstel. It is a bit off the beaten path but it is a haven with the most pleasant staff.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Legally_Challenged
<Content>Great Hotel Was somewhat concerned regarding my booking here given all of the bad things I have read about the hotel. In fact, my experience was quite the contrary to what I had expected. Although we were made to wait until 3pm for check in, the process was swift and efficient. The room we booked was fantastic and looked out on to Dam Square. Amazing huge windows that opened onto Dam Square. The view was magnificent. The room service was of good quality and was delievered swiftly. We were on the 5th floor and the noise did not bother us at all. we were given earplugs, but found that if you shut the window you could hardly hear the noise. One of the nicest hotel rooms I have stayed in in Amsterdam. The bed and bathroom were huge. more than enough room.Would definitely return here.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AmsterDaz
<Content>Great stay at The Grand Krasnapolsky My wife and I spent four wonderful nights staying in an executive room. We have stayed at five of the five star hotels in Amsterdam and this just about comes top of our list all things taken into account.We ate in the Reflect restaurant a couple of times, which was expensive, but well worth every penny.Breakfast was excellent, the only trouble here was that the staff were a little too keen to clear the tables (on one occasion I lifted a roll to take a bite and the plate was whipped away before I could empty my mouth to call her back)!I would wholeheartedly recommend the Krasnapolsky to anyone, but please remember we stayed in an executive room, I can't make comment regards the basic business rooms.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryCork
<Content>Hardly a five star Whereas it was clean, modern, there wasnt really much in the way of friendliness or service. The lobby was lovely, and the location was perfect for access to city and country excursions. Good restaurants and bars all around too. The Winter Garden restaurant was fantastic and you should visit it even if you dont stay in the hotel. We would probably stay there again if in Amsterdam but only because we heard that lesser star ratings can be awful in that city.We really enjoyed our time in Holland but we were disappointed with the litter in the city. The fries in a cone were gorgeous. A local 'delicacy'.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>A2TMFK
<Content>Stylish Joint Stayed here for just the one night, (28/12/06) managed to book this hotel for one night, room only for 拢75. It is well worth looking around for the deals, [----] and [----] are two of the best I have used in the past for Amsterdam trips. I did not give this hotel 10/10 as the one complaint i had was that the room (4081) was not that well sound proofed, so without the ear plugs, you might be awoken by someone closing their room door in the early hours. I doubt you will find a better location for exploring Amsterdam, right on Dam Square. Staff very helpful and pleasant.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>knaz
<Content>Convenient but do not pay 5-star rates I stayed at the NH-K a couple of years ago and overall we were very pleased since we got it on the cheap through a travel agent. But if you are looking for cutting edge decor, an elegantly aged hotel or any other wow factor this is not the place. Having said that the location is fantastic for tourists (although I personally prefer the Jordaan) and so is their breakfast spread. The rooms are spacious by European standards and everything was in good working order.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>leedsmember
<Content>not a 5 star hotel I stayed in this hotel as part of a conference. The public rooms are great - the bedrooms fall far short of a 5 star hotel. I stayed in 3 during my short conference trip! The first one was supplied with earplugs and a free nightcap in the bar to ensure you of a good night's rest!! The room was terribly noisy. It was in the old part of the building and had not got double glazing, so I did not sleep until 4.30am. When I complained the next morning, the reception had a laminated chart showing the rooms which were noisy (and were supplied with earplugs and the nightcap) and those which were not. I was moved to one which was not as noisy and this was much better. It is absolutely essential to specify a quiet room when you book this hotel. It is desperately in need of a facelift, as the first room was tatty and smelled of smoke - the 2nd room which was a non smoking room still smelled of smoke. The position of the hotel was good; the downstairs public rooms are splendid. But the bedrooms are not up to a 5 star hotel, and I am sure you could find better value and quieter rooms in one of the other hotel chains in central Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diegomh
<Content>WARNING. Definately NOT worth a five star rating. Dear Hotel Seekers in Amsterdam. A note of WARNING!Please note that the Krasnapolsky does not meet the required standard of five stars! Hence lower your standards if you are prepared the pay the overpriced amounts charged by this far below ''five star'' standard hotel.I stayed in an executive room in the royal wing despite my suspicions after seeying all the varied reviews on different websites (should have been a warning already!!!). This leads me to the first and only advantage over other five stars in Amsterdam - it's location and the only reason I went forward with my reservation.Here's the horror in a nutshell.-incredibly slow reception. honestly, only two receptionists for a hotel this size. what are you thinking? you could see the build up anger/ frustrations of everyone waiting in 2 queues of minimum 5 people (and more during checkout times!!!) - non smoking room. nonetheless the room stank of smoke and there were cigarette burn marks in the curtains and night stands!!! - the exec room wasn't sound proof at all. I was woken up by someone elses wake up call. had to get up myself at 5 AM walk into the already vacant room and switch it off myself!!! To illustrate the noise levels even further I could hear other peoples conversations in the corridors word for word!!!- the exec room is thus far from the main hotel that any ''hot'' food from 24h room service is served cold. as was my experience with the bltc sandwich and margarita pizza!- the alley between the hotel and the royal wing is often visited by drugdealers and or youths smoking drugs. o.k. it's Amsterdam but single females, older people could feel threatened.- prostitutes tend to visit this hotel. coming back one night and going up in the elevator a ''lady of the night'' offered me her services! could not believe it!!! after declining kindly she asked me whether I could buzz her out since the door is key activated. obviously she did not have one!!!- it's design has been radically changed the last 4/5 years. the winter garden is beautiful but the rest of the hotel lacks in design and luxury. Most certainly not the interioir one would expect from a five star hotel! It has been downgraded to an unoriginal and plain ''modern'' design which is a shame considering the hotel history. - the standard rooms are quite cheap but attract all kinds of riff raff. definately not the kind of people one would expect in a luxury hotel. please don't get me wrong im really open minded but this is simply an observation. - the products offered in the bath room were very cheap and horrible. really I do not want to use shampoo that leaves me smelling like an orange or a yelly bean!!!- frankly you cannot charge 254 euros nighly for the exec room and have all the above happening to you.All in all. Please take my advise and stay away from this hotel. I'm a Dutch citizen living in London and a fond lover of hotels. I most definately do not hold a grudge although I should after experiencing the above!!!There are much much nicer hotel in Amsterdam along the grachten/canals that are worthy of their 4 and 5 star rating!!Krasnapolski...i'm sorry you should only have four minus!!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>falling-star
<Content>Would Recommend Stayed in this hotel for a weekend break with some friends. Location was perfect, all toursit attractions in easy walking distance and easy to find from the train station. Did not have breakfast in the hotel as on the pricy side, would recommend cafe directly opposite the hotel on the damrak, better value for money. High tea in the hotel was great, sat looking out over Dam Square while recharging our batteries. The rooms were clean and spacious (there was plenty of room for the 3 of us). Rooms were cleaned everyday, with clean towels left. Check in was quick and efficient, staff at reception were excellent and helpful throughout our stay.The hotel has a lovely bar but as you would expect extremely expensive, acted as a good meeting place but would not stay for longer than one drink.The only negative being the noise late at night, but the price you pay for such a central location.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lon101
<Content>Not a 5 Star Hotel I stayed in this hotel on a recent business trip. The location was great only a short walk from the Central Station and easy access to Amsterdam attractions. However this is not a 5 star hotel, in reality it is a very tired 4 star hotel. My room was small and in dire need of updating. I was on the 5th floor, which was accessed via one lift that seemed to be hidden away in the back part of the hotel. Despite the higher floor I was still left a note from the hotel management with ear plugs to block out the noise from Dam Square, when I actually needed them to block out the very loud and very awful music that was piped throughout the hotel corridors. Looking out my window I had a perfect view into some apartments opposite, which meant I had to keep my blinds closed at all times for privacy. The bathroom had seen better days and the hairdryer was in shreds and unusable. However when I called the front desk I was brought one within five minutes.Overall the staff are very friendly and helpful but the rooms are in need of updating. The hotel needs to downgrade its star rating or else they will have many dissapointed guests.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Meridian35
<Content>A Good Hotel Cant fault the location, have stayed here several times, always had really spacious room overlooking the royal palace. Breakfast is very american but everything there you could ever desire.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>weedypie
<Content>Perfect location!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Weekend_getaways
<Content>OK but not fantastic I stayed in this hotel for two nights whilst on business in Amsterdam. Whilst not being a five star hotel it was fine as a business hotel with larger than average rooms and a good breakfast. It is also well located and on arriving back in the evening it was easy to walk and find a selection of good resteraunts near by. I also needed an iron and board bringing to the room, and they arrived within 5 minutes of asking for them . My room service breakfast was also on time and served with a smile ( at 6:00 a.m. ). I also have to say that the concierge staff were extremely nice and helpful and not at all snotty like you often find at 'top' hotels.I would stay here again, and if you are booked in on business or as part of a tour it is fine. However if I was given a free choice of all the hotels in Amsterdam I think you could find better value elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>John_Lewis
<Content>Pleasant stay I stayed at the Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky at the end of August and start of September for 4 nights with my girlfriend. It is a nice hotel, very opulent on pictures you see on the Internet but fairly run-of-the-mill inside. The room was nice and comfortable, and had a big bed. The bathroom wasn't that great- the decor in it was a bit odd and so were the double-opening doors to it.Basically though we had no problems in this hotel, but it was expensive, due to its Dam Square location. I think this is the key thing, if you like being in the centre of the 'action' this is the place to say. Personally I didn't like having to fight my way through crowds every time I left the hotel and having to have the window shut at night even on the 4th floor because of the noise from the clubs below. I think the NH City Centre is probably in a better location, but as I say, that is purely for my tastes.One other thing - this is a 4 star hotel, not a 5, whatever the website might say. It's nice, but is well lacking of the sort of facilities you would expect in a proper 5 star (ie nice bathroom for starters).  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ChuckaDuck
<Content>Good Location I found the central location of this hotel to be perfect. The tram stop was in front of Dam Square and there were always taxis queued in front. The restaurant was very good and the overall staff of the hotel was very pleasant. Having stayed at the Hotel del Europe down the street twice, I found this at half the price to be just as nice.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Dean2468
<Content>Good, but could do better I came to the Krasnapolsky with my wife Jessica to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. The good points of the hotel are that the room size was generous by European standards, there was plenty of storage space in the room, there was a separate bath and shower in the ensuite bathroom and the proximity to the Central station , trams, bars, restaurants and shopping precincts. Also the front desk staff were friendly and helpful. In addition to this, the view overlooking Dam square was special and the breakfast in the Winter room was fantastic. Of course at 鈧?24 per head, it's not cheap, so Jess and I had our first breakfast there and spent the other mornings at one of the many places that sell a good breakfast. The bad points of the hotel are that even on the fourth floor, noise from Dam square could clearly be heard in our room at about 6.00 am. Also, on our first night we lost electricity in our room after switching on the kettle. This ties in what others have said about the hotel needing refurbishment. But on the plus side, the kettle was replaced quickly and without fuss. I agree with what others have said in that this is not a five star hotel. In order to achieve this status, the hotel needs to add extra value. These would be perhaps bathrobes, branded toiletries and free shuttlebus to the airport. At the moment this is 鈧?2 per person.Overall Jess and I enjoyed our stay here because thanks to the reviews here we knew what to expect. If you want a peaceful stay in Amsterdam, go to a remote hotel. If you want a decent hotel in the heart of Amsterdam then enjoy your stay at the Krasnapolsky.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>piggily87
<Content>Not a 5 Star Hotel This is supposed to be a 5 star hotel but I felt as though we were being treated as second class citizens from the moment we booked in. I'm not sure is this the general attitude the staff have or was it directed at us because we were young.The room was tiny for such an up class hotel, the shower leaked and the door to the toilet required considerable strength to open or close. Overall, the hotel could do with a make over. The style is fine but it badly needs a few coats of paint. I wouldn't rush to recommend the hotel at all and would definately downgrade its star rating. However, the room was very clean and kept that way by the cleaning staff each day.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>emmajane7
<Content>Krasnapolsky was fine with us! We were at a conference that was held at the Grand Hotel Amsterdam, but we were put up at the Krasnapolsky. After looking at some of the comments on this website, we were a bit apprehensive, but everything was just fine. We arrived early in the morning, having requested a non-smoking room. No non-smoking roons were available, but as recompense, we were upgraded to a spacious executive room in the 'royal wing', which may be a bit newer than the main section. I'm very sensitive to smoke odors, and I was NOT bothered by any odor in our room. We were on the second floor, overlooking Damstraat (very busy street) and were not bothered by noise as long as we kept our window shut. Location was perfect for exploring the city; Dam Square is not so lovely, but walk a few blocks away from the bustle, and you're in a lovely area. Front desk often harried but helpful enough.A/C was adequate; perhaps it does not dehumidify too well, but it does cool. The humidity may account for the slight musty odor from time to time. We'd stay there again, if the price were right. Certainly just fine for staying on OPM (other people's money)!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	2	-1	3	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>Stay Away - You can do better! Absolutely awful. Everything that everyone has writen here is so true  happened to me. My reservation was for the new Movenpick Hotel but it did not open on time. Was sent here and given a lovely upgrade to the ROYAL WING! Felt so good after a long flight... it takes 10 minutes to get there you pass through so many doors one could get lost. Then like everyone else the door key does not work and the so called 5 star royal wing does not even have a bathrobe. Nice big bed I must say for Amsterdam.The service here is teriible like 98% of Amsterdam. Just awful and the front staf are the worst. 2 people checking out 16 people at peak time with so many people walking around its absolutely bizarre. Breakfast @ EUR24 was a rip off - Cheap Champagne, watered down Orange Juice and then we discovered this so call 5 star hotel caters to Cruise Ships and Celebrity Cruise at that!You can do much better in amsterdam for Hotel. Save your MONEY!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	4	

<Author>spunky181195
<Content>worst hotel ever i had the worst stay ever in this hotel. i had planed a relaxing 10 day vacation with one of my friends and when i got to the hotel they needed my credit card just to confirm the room is what they told me but no they charged 1500 euro to my card and that put a block on my card for 10 days to wait for the authorization and by the time i left today ...yes that is today they still had not figured it out and told me that i could not leave until the bill was resolved.. all in all bad room service bad,customer service bad , and everything was overpriced i paid 15 euro for a pot of water and 1 tea bag ...not good so i would not suggest to stay at this hotel  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>vermeer
<Content>Can Do Better You can't fault the position of the Krasnapolsky, it's right on Dam Square. The facilitiesare in the main very good and the staff are very pleasant and helpful. However this is a very large and busy hotel. There are permanent queues for reception and the concierge. The place is obviously on the list for tour groups and the reception resembled a refugee camp for the entire duration of our stay loads of piles of luggage and people killing time waiting for their coach to arrive. Our room was well fitted out. It has a separate bathroom and toilet which has it's benefits but makes both facilities rather small. The hotel is so large that it was a 5 minute route march from the room to the lobby. We had to use elevator number 5 which is right at the back near the car park entrance. One staff member cheerfully told us that the elevator was so old it broke down frequently. He was right. When we checked out we had to carry our heavy suitcase and try to find another lift. There was also some problem with the room keys. They didn't work and we changed then 3 times. They still didn't work! All in all if you are looking for a bit of luxury you can do better in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RUDELY RIPPED OFF! Stayed here for a week mid july and was bitterly disappointed with the hotel. The reception staff were very dismissive and extremely rude. This hotel without a doubt does not deserve a five star rating (more like 2 star). The hotel is in dire need of refurbishment and modernisation and the bedrooms were very dark, dull and drab. The lighting especially was very poor in the bedrooms and there was a stench of dampness. Not what we were expecting!!!!!! We were supplied with earplugs on arrival and at 4.30 in the morning we realised why, as skips were loaded below our window.The hotel breakfast was however wonderful as was the location but the afore mentioned problems definetly established this hotel as very poor value for money and a huge disappointment! Never again!!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel, but several items were stolen from our room We arrived in Amsterdam after a nine-hour flight from Seattle, and dragged our bags from the train station to the hotel. Since we were way too early to check in to our rooms we checked our bags with the hotel and toured the city (canal boat). The person who handled our check in was very nice and upgraded our room and offered suggestions on what to see during our brief stay. Our rooms (one for the parents and one for 18 and 21 year old sons) were nicely furnished, a bit small, but that's how it is in Europe. We had a king sized bed and the boys had twins. Our bathroom was huge, the boys was what you'd expect. . In the mornings we got coissants and coffee for no charge in the casual dining area on the first floor and took them back to our room to eat. We didn't eat in the famous restaurant, but did enjoy the bar where I actually had a glass of good chardonney, something that was hard to get in Holland. The hotel is situated right across the street from Dam Square and a short walk to everything. Once you get your barings you'll have no trouble walking nearly all over Amsterdam, which is really easy to get around in. The tram is just a block away, as well. The only negative thing I would say about the GK is that while on the train from Amsterdam to Leiden my younger son realized his I-pod and headphones were gone from his bag, and my older son realized he'd left his sunglasses in the room. Needless to say, neiher item was recovered. I don't remember if there was a safe in the room, but if there is one, put your valuables in it. We would definately stay at the GK again. It was much nicer than the other NH hotel we stayed in on our trip back through Amsterdam, the NH Amsterdam Centre.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ashaghedia
<Content>Decent hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the Krasnapolsky on a weekend break to Amsterdam. Althought it definitely is not what I would call five star (more like a three-four star) it was very clean and comfortable and the staff were very pleasant.The Lounge restaurant was fantastic- great food and service. Although they seemed understaffed in the restaurant, it was worth the wait because the food was so delicious. The wine was also great.Location is great for easy access to all the coffee shops and local attractions. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jujubee72
<Content>Solid hotel I stayed at this hotel for two nights. The location is fantastic (right on the edge of the red light district, in the center of town). I found the staff helpful but not overly friendly. The room was adequate and comfortable. Probably not worth the luxury price tag, but still a beautiful place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cheung8
<Content>Not what I expected I utilzed this hotel for business puposes  everbody who knows Amsterdam informed me this is one of the better hotels in the city , I hope this is not true. I would have rated it a poor 3 stars.The only positive was the location which is very convenient if not the most scenic i.e. no canal view.I requested an early check in and the reception tried to be helpful but after three estimates 'the room will be ready in 1/2 an hour' I eventually returned after a 6 hour meeting to the answer the 'room will be ready in 1/2 an hour'. The room was very small  dark with a bed suitable only for a child although the reception did accomodate me with a change of room . the new room was passable, one of my travelling partner's room was even suppiled with complementary ear plugs as it faced onto the square with all its bars. The overall decor needs updating one positive the conciege was very helpful though.Ultimately if you can get a good rate this may be passable for business or a 'lads weekend' but I wouldn't recommend for a family or luxury break with your significant other.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wasn't really what I expected I stayed at the Krasnapolski in June 2006 to attend a conference. The room charge including breakfast and WiFi was 389 Euros. What I got for the money? Well, a bad joke with a bitter aftertaste. The room was small and equipped in a poor way. The windows was facing the backside of the hotel, the window was as small as 21 inches. My screen looks bigger.The bed was aweful, soft and worn out. The pillows were the cheapest.The bathroom was a joke. Cracks in the tiles, a neon light, small bathtub and a pretty old sink. Totally sucked, compared to the price.Lobby looks fine, breakfast was in the windergarden. That is a pretty room, looks like late 19th century. But the price was not justified at all. If you get a good deal, it might be okay to visit the city, but for business travellers who pay tons of money, it is sure not 5 star standard.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bristol_traveller_06
<Content>Nice hotel, very flash in places, couple of issues This is a very flash hotel in Amsterdam right near Dam Square. I was there on business for a conference which was also held at the hotel. The rooms are good, though the doors to the bathroom do not close fully which I found a bit annoying but got used to. The hotel itself is very nice, the main restaurant is quite an incredible sight, huge with a chequred floor and the breakfast buffet was FANTASTIC, absolutely loved it.The conference held there was very professionally run. We initially had some problems sorting out our internet connection but it was up and running in time.I woudl recommend staying here.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not 4* I rate this hotel average. I have just returned from a business trip having been booked into a small room that only had a shower on the 4th floor and a view of a wall!. It was clean and the staff friendly / helpful. There were more grander rooms as a premium but I'm told they are noisy as they face Dam Square. I was happier having a quieter room at the back. The breakfasts are good but never ate there for any other meals so couldnt comment. On the plus side Amsterdam is a lovely city and this hotel is in the middle of everything - you can walk to practically all the tourist places and some nice restuarants. All in all an enjoayble trip but if I went to Amsterdam again I ouldnt pay the prices they charge at this hotel - definately not a 4* hotel but 4* prices!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DivineDonald
<Content>Magnificent, first class, great hotel Five stars, with the best food in Amsterdam. We stayed here twice after a trip to Brugge. First class. Serious amenities. Great service. Rooms were clean, updated with great views. Stayed with a friend and we both enjoyed it immensely. He is very fussy and loved it. Close to everything. Location, location, location. No complaints except for the high price of the parking garage. Avoid that! I am surprised that this is not number one on TripAdvisor. We had no problems and loved it all. Email access at the business center. Staff was very professional. This place is grand. It fit our American standards and then some. Quiet, clean, luxurious, centrally located. Fabulous food. Grand decor. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VERTEX
<Content>return every year We have stayed here 3 times over the last 3 Christmases and enjoyed each stay in 3 totally different rooms. Love the location, easy to walk to anywhere and close to some wonderful restaurants and bars. Bar in the hotel is expensive but what hotel bar isn't? and we have paid more for a drink in the Waldorf Astoria New York....I smoke so I can't say that the cigarette smoking bothered me, however, I do think that if you are particularly anti-smoking then Amsterdam (and similarly Prague) are not the cities for you, there are many, many other cities you can go to in this world where it is banned totally.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>World_Citizen8
<Content>Top hotel but expensive Stayed twice at the Krasnapolsky. The hotel has style from a bygone era, truly magnificent. Rooms vary a lot from one another. The first time I had a tiny cramped room, the second time a rather spacious room (same rate paid).. The location right on the Dam is superb. Breakfast is a must!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive Dump This is NOT a five star hotel! It is a tired, run down dump. Quality of finishes, fittings and furniture is of a Travel Lodge in the UK......which is a very tight budget hotel. Public areas are very grubby and needing paint, new carpet and general good cleaning......we faced a long queue at check in but only one person working. Room seemed unfinished, but to be fair, both room and bathroom were clean. Location right in the centre of tourist tat, kebab shops and pizza joints....but only a short walk to real Amsterdam. Would NOT stay here again. Ever!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Breakfast We stayed 17th  18th March 06. Our room was adequate, having a third bed. There were plenty of towels, the toiletries provided were nicely packaged and plentiful. The bathroom was small but very clean. The hi-light of the hotel for us was Breakfast in the Winter Gardens - a fabulous room. There was just about anything you could wish for for breakfast and we were able to take our time whilst staff cleared away and topped up tea and coffee quietly around us. To get your monies worth meant that we didnt feel like eating until well into the afternoon! For anyone preferring a light breakfast in the hotel I would advise taking room service as there is only one charge if you choose to take Breakfast in the Winter Gardens. Sadly we never managed to take Afternoon Tea in the lobby, but the cakes on offer looked fantastic.The hotel is well placed to discover Amsterdam with plenty of small restaurents close by. It is easy to locate if you choose to walk from Centraal Station which we did.We would stay at this hotel again and have no hesitation in recommending it to others.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>herbsUK
<Content>Excellent Location We stayed at this hotel for our wedding anniversary. I booked two months in advance and requested a room with a view. We did not get a view unfortunately however we were upgraded to an executive room which was really great, lovely clean room with everything in that we might need - even bath robes and slippers!The hallways smelt musty and the decor in the main part of the hotel does need updating.The bar prices and hotel restaurant are all quite expensive but then that is to be expected in a four star hotel in the centre of a european city. I think this hotel is supposed to be a five star but I don't feel that it is. The facilities are really good but it is missing the luxury feel of a five star hotel. As other reviews have stated the hotel does need some redecoration and the bedding and curtains could do with a splash of colour. That said the room was really nice and clean, the staff friendly and helpful, the in room safe was free and there was also free tea/coffee in our room. All in all we had a great time here and would come again - that is when we have saved up enough !!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>londonlover2
<Content>Extremely Disappointing We have just returned from Nh Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky after spending 5 days there. We e-mailed ahead of our arrival requesting a non-smoking room on a high floor. We arrived to find that they had no record of our booking, we showed them our internet confirmation and we were duly checked in. We left our bags in our room and went out. We returned later in the day tofind our room smelled of tobacco smoke. We opened the windows and it seemed to clear. We had read on this board that the heating could only be left on by placing the room key card in a slot in the room. However, we found this not to be the case. There was plenty of dangerously hot water and fantastic water pressure. Later that night we returned to the hotel bar, which was extremely busy and had a good atmosphere. Unfortunatley we couldn't stay there as just about all of the guests were smoking and the bar was so full of smoke that visibility was poor!!. I can only think that this chain smoking is a continental thing as in England you have to check that smoking is permitted and in which areas. In every bar and restaurant in Amsterdam, everybody smokes. The hotel reception staff were unsympathetic when told that even though we were on a non smoking floor, everyone was smoking. As soon as you walked into the hotel you could smell smoke and probably smoked five of those cigarettes and/or cigars before getting to the lift. In every day situations at home we come across smokers in bars and restuarants and cafes and it is never a problem. In Amsterdam it was totally intolerable. On the plus side the hotel is very well situated and all major aeas of interest are easily accessible from there. The rooms are comfortable and clean. However, we expect better facilities and levels of service in a 5 star hotel. The hotel looks jaded and in need of an overhaul. It looks as though it hasn't been upgraded at all in the seven years since we last stayed there. We found that the bar prices were almost double to the same drinks served in bars outside. We also had to pay again forour room on departure as they claimed not to have been paid by the tour company despite showing them our receipts stating payment made some 9 weeks earlier. A matter now having to be resoved by our credit card company. They have an attitiude that all guests are transitional and will be gone in a few days. There are far nicer hotels in Amsterdam with good views and reflective of 2006. We certainly would not stay here again and had we known prior to departure that we were having to pay again, we would have stayed somewhere else.So if you want the comfort and service of a 5 star hotel, don't choose this one.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JohnOF
<Content>Krass Krasnapolsky! This was a most imposing hotel. It was spacious and quite grand. However, we found the service to be very sub-standard to the point of rudness. On return we complained and, eventually, received a written apology along with the 2-night voucher - for the same hotel! Worse, we had to use the voucher within a very short period. Did we return here - no chance!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jqk
<Content>Great hotel, great location This hotel was gorgeous, I couldn't fault it. The staff were friendly and helpful and the overall the hotel was extremely relaxing. The breakfasts were lovely too, with a lot of choice. Apart from all of this the location was fantastic, near a lot of the tourist attractions and shops. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happywanderer1
<Content>One NIght in Amsterdam I have to say this was a great location for a quick trip through Amsterdam. We only had one night waiting on a flight to connect to the States. I called ahead to let them know we would be arriving early in the morning. The hotel did accomodate us, check in was quick and easy. The young men at the desk were very helpful. I did not see the perks that other five star hotels offer (ie. shuttle from airport), but it was comfortable and a great spot to tour from. We had a great trip. It was in walking distance to the Central train station, a lot of nice shops and resturants in walking distance. Our room overlooked an alley, so not a great view, but the room was comfortable. There was a lot of noise in the alley after midnight. I talked to the front desk about it in the morning, and they said I should have called them. Overall we had a nice stay. I would stay again, but not in an alley room.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>emmas0831
<Content>Nice Hotel, Central Location       Krasnapolsky from Dam Square  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stag party I was impressed with the English spoken by the beautiful check in person. The hotel personel was very discrete and the hotel had a very attractive old world decor. The standard room was on the small side but in very good shape. The bathroom did not have a tub but did have a very good shower. The Royal wing was larger but had less classic charm; with a more euro look. The Royal wing was out of the way of the lobby -which is neither a plus nor a negative. The Sunday brunch in the Wintergarden looked extremely popular and the location awesome. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wilhelmina
<Content>location fantastic location,big room that was quiet,friendly staff and helpful.would recomend and hope to stay again.2 nights was not enough  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>galileocan
<Content>Classy Hotel in Central Amsterdam Stayed at this hotel on business in late January, 2006. My room was located in the Royal Wing, which I think is quite an overstated description. Nevertheless the room was quite large by European standards with hardwood floors and a nice sized bathroom. Everything was spotless. Had to adjust to inserting your room key in a slot inside the room to keep the heat and lights going, but you get used to it after awhile. I actually took a card with a magnetic stripe and substituted it, so that my room would be warm while I was out - it worked like a charm. The hotel is big on security. You need your key card to get most places. The staff is quite cheerful and polite. For those who require internet, the rooms are wireless (charge) or for those on a tighter budget, there is a wonderful business centre with four state of the art computers, printers, etc. All for free. I never had to wait for a computer at any time. The breakfast was included in my rate - a buffet in the formal and expansive Winter Garden. Quite a huge selection, but rather pricy if you had to pay for it. We used the meeting rooms at the hotel while there, and there were many of them, and the staff were very attentive on keeping water jugs re-filled and coffee and tea well stocked for our break times. The hotel is well situated in Amsterdam, near most anything you need. Red light district is right behind the hotel, the train station is about a 15 minute walk (5 minute cab ride). Located at Dam Square. This is a very nice hotel, and although it probably is a bit on the pricy side, its certainly a lovely and comfortable place to be while in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CubaTraveler
<Content>Good Service I had a two night stay at the hotel and was very impressed by the service. Check in was quick, on my floor I saw staff patrol the floor serveral times which comforted me as I was a women traveling alone. Best surprise was the free internet! The front desk was very helpful in arranging the shuttle to the airport for me with frequent updates- suggestion- call 3 hours a head of time for the shuttle! As well they were kind enough to hold my my larger bags for me for a few days when I was back-packing at no charge. Very nice but expensie breakfast buffet but their is champange with it! All in all while I did not feel the room itself was that impressive, the service and location was perfect!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>efc
<Content>Spooky apartment hotel! My wife and I were looking forward to staying at this lovely looking hotel, but upon check-in we were told that there were no rooms available even though we made our booking in advance. But the unsmiling staff told us our room will be upgraded to an apartment hotel.The apartment was big - 2 bedrooms, dining room, living room, kitchen, toilet and bath complete with washing machine and drier! All for us!However, there's this strange feeling we had upon entering the room - a feeling that we are not alone! I had goose bumps and the hair in my head all stood up!We did not see anything (whew!) but the light in our bedroom got busted, the radio in the other room was on upon entering the premises and we heard some noises. Of course it may just be our imagination, but neither my wife and I want to be left alone in the room.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>00bex00
<Content>Amazing Hotel I booked my stay at this hotel in October 2005 for a 3 night stay for my birthday. I paid 210 pounds which i thought was reasonable especially considering alot of the other nearby hotels are very exspensive. I was slightly concerned because some reviews posted were not the most encouraging but i would recommend anyone to go to this hotel. on arrival the porters helped with my bags. Our checkin was smooth and the receptionist was helpful and welcoming. We were also upgraded to the Royal wing which is where the executive rooms are. The room itself was clean modern and had everything you could need. It was slightly noisy at night but quietend down after about 11.30. The retsuarnt at the hotel was very good with a wide array of food. The service was exceptional. I would definitley recommend this hotel without a moments hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bocey
<Content>great location This hotel is in a great location, if you you want to visit the lively bars and red light district, but far enough away not to be heard. This is a large hotel that is well kept. The room was of a standard size. Staff were friendly. Would recomend  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kaktuz
<Content>awesome hotel!               More photos  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bustamove
<Content>Did the job, I suppose I had heard that this was supposed to be one of the best hotels in Amsterdam and was looking forward to staying there. We got a cheap internet deal and our room really reflected that fact. It was stuck out on a far away wing of the hotel and was small and rather unspectacular. We also had an unfortunate incident when some of our money disappeared, probably taken by a cleaner. In fairness, the hotel did act concerned but the matter was never resolved to our satisfaction.On the plus side the location of the hotel cannot be faulted. It is right on the main square and close to the railway station and main tourist areas.Overall this hotel did the job but the place itself just lacked something and when next in Amsterdam I will probably look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandy007
<Content>Nice Place My wife  I arrived from the USA around 10am and were offered a choice of different rooms. We chose to stay in a room for 3 people - all at the same cost we had booked. The room was decent sized and clean. The bed and pillows were surprisingly comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. I didn't like the idea that we had to pay extra to gain wireless internet access, but the business center was made available to us - so we used their computers to email back and forth to the states. The breakfast buffet we only okay - not at all worth the 22 euro charge - fortunately, it was included in the low-rate we received from one of the last minute online websites. The location is great - right at Dam Square. However, I believe that if we visit again, we will stay closer to Leidesplein as that is where we often found ourselves. The location is quite convienent, near shopping, canal tours, red light district, many dining options, etc.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fishgod1010
<Content>Loved the spacious apartment!       Street Door to Apartment  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jp3Atlanta
<Content>only ok Not a 4 or 5 star hotel. I agree that the location is great, but the hotel is only ok. I would choose another hotel for my next trip to Amsterdam unless the rate was incredibly low. The bathrooms far below standard cleanliness and upkeep for a hotel of this supposed stature. All else OK, but not exceptional.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>partytime2
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! Beautiful hotel, we were there for just one night, Sept. 27, 2005. Big, beautiful room, lots of storage, beautiful new bathroom. Front desk was quick and efficient. Great location! AC could have been better, but that's Europe.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Deadlast01
<Content>Typical 3.5 star hotel in a great locale Well, Dam Square is the center of Amsterdam, so the location is perfect. The room had wood floors and a modern Scandanavian motif. My wife and I were given robes and slippers in our room. While we were happy with the room (5138), the hallway outside our room was plain and musty. The lobby and dining areas of the hotel were very beautiful. Overall, I recommend this hotel.TIP - The hotel bar is the regular happy-hour hangout of Northwesten pilots and crew members. They were nice and fun and gave great tips for seeing the city.2nd TIP - This hotel is the 5 star hotel on that well-known site that doesn't reveal the hotel name until you pay (I don't know if I can say the name, but email me for it). Obviously, it's not a five star, but we used that site to get a very good rate of $205 per night.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LGWATL
<Content>Disappointed After reading the last couple of reviews I feel like I stayed in a different hotel. The room was on the shabby side and the air conditioning did not work. I had 2 meals there and can say the food was terrible. However, the service was fine and the employees were pleasant. The place seems better suited for large tour groups. I will not likely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Krasnapolsky for 3 nights. Front desk staff was very efficient on check-in, and the room was wonderful. Apparently remodeled within the last several years. Lots of storage space, interior furnishings and amenities were very nice, bathrobes and slippers, and the first hotel where we had a doorbell (!). Business center on first floor will let you use their Internet computers for 10 minutes at a time for no charge. Hotel overall was very nice, in very good condition. Location was excellent, right on the square, across from the royal palace. This is a great place to stay, as you can walk to everything. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flubadub
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Go! We have just returned from a short break at the Krasnapolsky. We had noticed the hotel on a previous visit to Amsterdam and liked its location. We were not disappointed. Our room faced the back of the hotel and whilst not large, was quiet, spotlessly clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Staff in the hotel were courteous and extremely attentive. We ate lunch and dinner and both were excellent. The hotel was very well kept, spacious and airy. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JGH444
<Content>Delightful Hotel! We had a very pleasant 2-night stay at the Kras. Situated on Dam Square opposite the Palace, it was a prime location. Bus and tram stops are right across the street, so it was easy to get anywhere. The hotel itself was inviting from the lobby onward. We arrived early in the day, yet a room was ready for us. It was clean and well appointed. The business center was handy, and the front desk staff was pleasant and eager to serve. We would stay again if the occasion arose.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Katzen
<Content>Breakfast Great.. Room ok..? I was disappointed with the room, which was ok in size, had a big balcony, good bathroom and comfy bed, but no better than average. Not five star. The hotel was really rather ordinary. It was not at all 'Grand' and in places scruffy. Although the central location and extravagant breakfast (champagne!) redeemed the experience, the service was not great, (no ice bucket as requested, long wait at check in, wrong information, confusion over bill etc etc). Look around before you choose your hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JCW
<Content>Great location, decent hotel Perfectly located on Dam Square, this certainly maintains the ambience of a traditional European 'Grand' Hotel, with comfortable public areas and decent service. My bedroom, although not the most modern in the world and suffering from noise outside late at night, was large and comfortable. Very pleasant, but more four-star than five.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>josef3
<Content>Horrific Apartment/Tenement squalor Don't be duped into renting one of these luxury apartments. I rented a two bedroom deluxe for a week and it was filthy and disgusting. I checked out the following morning. Words can not describe this experience other than to say that I felt like I was in a ghetto. The hallway entrance should have been my first clue as the carpet is torn and filthy, the walls are filthy and it just gets worse from there. I will say that the night manager that I spoke to was very professional and polite vs the girls at the front desk who giggled and laughed when I lodged my complaint. I am very puzzled by some of the other reviews regarding these apartments and their glowing comments. I cannot believe that the hotel is even associated with these luxury apartments; it is false advertising to describe these as luxury apartments. I will never stay at the Krasnapolsky again!!!And yes indeed you do wander aimlessly through the kitchen to get to your luxury apartment. I recommend you keep wandering right past them to the Pulitzer or the Dylan. Luckily, I was able to get a room at the Dylan so my trip wasn't completely ruined.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>blondiebee
<Content>Fantastic hotel, Fantastic location,       View of the hotel from the Royal Palace  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Romantic Break We stayed 28 Aug - 1 Sept as a romatic break for two. The hotel was immaculate. The room was clean and a decent size for Amsterdam. The hotel's facilities were fantastic and the staff were very helpful and friendly. The food was a little expensive so we ate out most of the time, but we would highly recommend the American breakfast via room service as it was ample for 2 people; and priced at 23euro, it was the same cost as eating out for two anyway. We would strongly recommend this hotel as it is so central to everthing and having viewed a number of other hotels in the area, this one was by far the best. Try to get a special deal though. We paid 520euro for double room (back of hotel as its quieter) via bookings.com for 4 nights and that was a fabulous rate considering the real rate was well over 1000euro. Cannot fault this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaydee41
<Content>nice hotel went there during the most dirtiest week of amsterdam, they had a sanitation strike. the hotel was great, housekeeping did a wonderful job. but the reception was a bit unfriendly. the porter was a great help. do not eat at that japanesse restaurant inside the hotel. it sucks! it tasted burn and lot of salt. . over all its a cool place to visit. but not much to see. went to ann franks museum, thats what i like the most. dont waste ur money on that palace, museum, rather walk around town, and shop. i was a bit scared. but it was ok.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nad猫ge
<Content>Good choice for a romantic weekend I have just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam where I took my boyfriend as a birthday treat. As it was both our first time in this city, I originally wanted to stay at a canal house (more typical) but I found out that most of them had a 2 or even 3 night policy.I ended up booking a 鈥渟upersaver double room鈥?internet deal at the Grand Krasnapolsky, mainly on account of its great location, right on Dam Square. The hotel is a 10-minute walk from the Central Station and you can walk to pretty much anywhere in the city centre (we walked to Anne Frank鈥檚 house, cruises are available just up the road and the Red Light District is only a few streets away).After what seemed like a rather long wait to check in (be warned!), I was a bit anxious to see what room we had been attributed, as according to other reviews on this site, the size, furniture, (and even cleanliness!) can vary from one to the other. Well I was pleasantly surprised! The room was spacious, clean, and well furnished. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was great with a bathtub and a separate shower room. All the toiletries you could have needed were provided, plus bathrobes and slippers. Definitely what I expected of a four-star hotel! We were not overlooking Dam Square and therefore we had no noise at night. We did not have any of our meals at the hotel, although I was tempted to try the Sunday brunch in the beautiful Winter Garden. As a cheaper alternative, you could try the Pancake Bakery on Prinsengracht (good omelets and pancakes, but expect a queue to get in on Sundays)). All in all, perhaps we were lucky with the room we were given, but we certainly enjoyed our stay at the Krasnapolsky.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brianc_li
<Content>Excellent if you get a good rate The period of 17-27 August 2005 saw Amsterdam host 'Sail'. This is an event which happens every five years where the tall ships complete a major crossing from Boston. Amsterdam, a city with a population of only 750k gets 2.4 million visitors during this event. In 2000 I visited for a day and promised myself that the next time it was on I would stay in Amsterdam and fully take in the event. I originally booked a three night weekend stay at the three star Boatel. This I switched to the Krasnapolski when i saw on bookings that I could get a superior room at this five star hotel for the same price.We arrived shortly before 11am and were told, not surprisingly, that our rooms were not yet ready. They did say however that they had been vacated and that they would call up to housekeeping to get them cleaned. True enough, an hour later we were able to check in. The only criticism I would have of the reception process is that when we returned to collect our keys the queue at reception was long. There did not seem to be the necessary extra staff or reception points to cope, it thus took us some twenty minutes before we were seen to. The reception area itself is modern and perhaps not as ornate or interesting as one would expect of a hotel in this class. Our rooms were situated in the 'Royal Wing' of the hotel. This is an annexe which you reach across a short covered alleyway to the side of the hotel. To access this you had to use your keycard, that aside it is very much a part of the hotel. The rooms are spacious, with wooden floors and modern prints on the walls. As you would expect from such an establishment they are equipped with every imaginable amenity, in room safe, mini bar, tea and coffee making facility, Towel bath robes, slippers, etc. There are comfortable seats and adequate working area. The marble bathroom had a good size bath with an excellent combi shower. The towels were plentiful and thick, there was a hair dryer, separate makeup/shaving mirror and a comprehensive array of toiletries. As we were looking out onto the street our window arched out over it giving the impression of an internal balcony. The downside of this is that the one night we tried to sleep with the aircon off and the window open the street noise was intrusive. Both rooms we had were spotless and maintained to a very high standard.Breakfast is held in a very ornate room, The Winter Garden. At 22 euros it is expensive but if you have the time and the inclination it is worth going for. Perhaps the widest buffet I have ever seen, covering all tastes, is on offer. This is complimented by champagne for those who feel up for it. One word of caution, breakfast finishes at 10.30 and this does mean that it is finished, the buffets are mostly empty by then and will not be refilled. My best advice to anyone considering this option is to get there by at least 10am if you want to fully enjoy it. During our stay we did not try the hotel's restaurant. This is in a cosy, panneled, attractive looking room. The menu itself didn't appeal to me but this may be doing the hotel a disservice. I visited the bar a couple of times. It is in modern Dutch design. The service and choice of drinks was good but otherwise it was unremarkable. Throughout our stay the staff were efficient and friendly despite being somewhat under pressure on this busiest of Amsterdam weekends.There is arguably no greater location for a hotel in Amsterdam than that which the Krasnapolski occupies. It is on the principal square in the city, Dam. This is about ten minutes walk, in a straight line, from Central Station. As a base for exploring the city, be that on foot, by bike or by public transport there is none better. We paid 130 euro (plus 6 city tax) a night for our rooms. At this rate the hotel can only be described as excellent value and well worth the stay. On the Saturday night of our stay a colleague who had booked somewhat later was in a standard double room at the rate of 200 euro plus tax. That is probably about the right rate for such a room in such a hotel. The rack rate of 350 euros per night is certainly too much. All in all it's a lovely hotel, but not at that rate.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Greg00
<Content>Do not recommend We wanted to end our 2-week trip to Europe with a 5-star hotel for our family of 4. Unfortunately, this hotel is right in the middle of party-central of Amsterdam. Our taxi made its way through gobs of people as if we were fleeing the city in a movie. When we arrived, we were promised best available rooms, but our view was of the garbage pails and a roof. We had to call housekeeping because we found pubic hairs all over our sheets that were obviously not cleaned. The kids had a little better room facing the Dam square, but complained it was noisy all night until around 3 a.m. If dirty linen and noisy locations is your thing, then this hotel is for you.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BeckyIreland
<Content>Perfect Hotel and Location! Myself and my boyfriend recently stayed in this hotel (Aug 2005) and we adored it! It is in a prefect location. It is in the middle of Dam Square, which is the heart of Amsterdam. You could not be in a better location.The hotel is in perfect walking distance to all the main sights. We walked to the Anne Frank House, Van Gogh Museum, and the Heineken Brewery.It is right beside the two main shopping streets and department stores, and is surrounding by great restaurants and bars.The hotel is beautiful inside, and the staff were very friendly - our hotel room was upgraded on arrival. Our room was huge and the bathroom was massive!If you want to really enjoy Amsterdam then stay here.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daisydeadpetals
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else! We LOVED this hotel! The location was perfect, which really made our trip. We were within walking distance of almost everything we wanted to see. The concierge was extremely helpful with directions, booking our canal cruise, restaurant reservations, and no request we made was too much trouble. Our room was not overlooking the Dam, but that was just fine because it was extremely quiet. The room was spacious, as well as the bathroom, and we loved the soaps  shower gel they supplied. The bed was huge and so comfortable! A piece of advice- we arrived in Amsterdam at 8:00am after a long flight from New York, and check-in time was not until 3:00pm. My travel agent advised us not to worry, as they often have the rooms ready sooner. Although they did try their best to have our room ready sooner, it simply wasn't possible with so many people checking in that busy Saturday. I had so wished I had not listened to my travel agent and booked an extra day- it would have been well worth it for us, just something to consider if your flight schedule was similar to ours!The Japanese restaurant in the hotel did not disappoint, food was great. A bit on the pricey side, but not a great shock to us New-Yorkers. The Winter Garden is beautiful. We didn't opt for the breakfast plan, as there were so many nearby places to have breakfast that were much cheaper, plus- we aren't exactly early risers, and breakfast is until about 10:30 am. We did have breakfast down there one morning and it was wonderful, with so much to choose from, even champagne  strawberries! Check in / check out was easy, and leaving for the airport was a cinch. We asked the concierge to call us a taxi, and they came up to our room and promptly brought all of our bags down ahead of time, taxi was right there--no problem  painless!WHEN and not if we go back to visit this beautiful city, we will be sure to stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phiphimomo
<Content>A faux pas If we return to this hotel, it would only be its location. However there are plenty of hotels around there, which would certainly do more in every aspect than only acclaiming its history, reputation and services on pamphlets.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NatV
<Content>Excellent Hotel I have stayed at the Kras on many occasions including twice over New Year's Eve, but most recently over the Easter weekend.I have never been disappointed with anything there: the rooms are spacious and well equipped, the staff polite and helpful and the facilities are excellent.I would highly recomment the Kras for anyone travelling to Amsterdam for business or leisure purposes.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Glamtrotters
<Content>Great location and service but little style and far from Grand Great location, breakfeast and service, but whilst the room we were given was quiet, facing the courtyard with a pleasant view, the room was quite small and had a serious style deficit. Very 80's and well below expectations given the room rate. It's time to upgrade....  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellant! i took my boyfirend to amsterdam for the first time and stayed at this hotel about two years ago..and i remember every single bit of it! it is a beautiful hotel and we were greeted immediately by two bell boys...very grand indeed..the rooms are spacious and of high quality what you'd expect from a four star hotel...a really memorable first time to dam..and it's location is just fantastic in the midst of everything..we had no problem getting around as it's centrally located..if you go to dam you must stay in this hotel ..highly recommended. happy smoking!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location shame about late night noise outside Overall excellent hotel but avoid Square facing rooms at weekends unless you stay up to 3 am. Street noise through poorly insulated window frames is obtrusive.Due entirely to the fact that this hotel is unfortunately on walking route to and from red light district.Great hotel but ask for inner facing room unless you party late.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PatsyPie
<Content>Weed had a fantastic time !! Visited Amsterdam with some friends and stayed at this great hotel. We had rooms overlooking Dam Square, where there was lots of activity well into the early hours, but it didn't disturb our beauty sleep.( at least I don't think it did.) We did not eat at the hotel as it was expensive. The location is excellent as you are central to everthing Amsterdam has to offer.As my friend and her partner are quite partial to a ruby murray they found a nice Indian resteraunt and then had to agree with Robbie Williams that Amsterdam is the best place for a good curry. The Coffee shops are excellent we had the best coffee ever !!!. Visited Anna Frank museum for the second time and it was still amazing.The Red Light District is a must but be warned, you will offered certain substances which we politely refused.For anyone thinking of going to Amsterdam I would highly recommed this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunseeker121
<Content>Terrific hotel We stayed at the Krasnapolsy from 28 to 30 May 2005 in an executive room in the Royal Wing. The large and well-furnished room was superb with a walk-in bay window from which we could see the whole street. The room and the rest of the hotel were clean and the staff extremely courteous, friendly and helpful. The Winter Garden room where breakfast was served had one of the best buffets we have eaten and the main restaurant, the Reflet, where we ate on the first night, was excellent. Both were wonderful rooms in themselves.The hotel is ideally sited on Dam Square in the centre of the city with the main shopping streets and markets within easy walking distance. This was our first trip to Amsterdam and the hotel is the perfect choice for a stay there.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dam fine hotel We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Location is very central. Our room was nicely decorated and very clean. Service is overall great from front counter to room amenities to turndown. We needed a carpark and the hotel's parkade is attached and therefore convenient. We would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AZSH01
<Content>A room with a view I had a fantastic stay at the Gand Krasnapolsky. My first 2 nights I stayed in a standard room. Not much of a view, but bed was very comfortable and bathroom decent with good water pressure. I decided to stay 2 more nights and upgraded to better room. This room was was very nice, contemporary design and and incredible view. My room overlooked Dam square. Queen's Day was held on April 30 and my room overlooked the stage they set up for their Queen's entertainment. I would recommend visiting Amsterdam during this local holiday, one of the coolest events I have ever attended. The hotel staff was great also. I recommend taking the airport shuttle for 11 Euros, convenient and worth it. Great location for hotel, in the middle of everything. Lots of great restaurants and bars close by. I recommend Gaucho for steaks, also the NY Pizza stand and falafal sandwaches are filling and cheap. I also recommend the scrumptious pastry shop next door. Avoid the EuropaBar next to hotel, 5 Euros is too expensive for a beer. Amstedam is a great city to visit and the dutch residents are very nice. London is getting too expensive, I think Amstedam will service as my base for my Europe travels now because although hotels expensive, everything else is fairly reasonable.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevenBrussels
<Content>Location... not a palace but excellent hotel I booke dthe hotel at the NH Hotel site at an attractive rate. The room was spacious and quiet. Very clean. The hotel is a bit unpersonal and very big. Breakfast is tremendous !!! and teh breakfast room is art nouveau..; a real experience. Location is very ok altough a busy neighbourhood even at night. But rooms were sound proof. I stayed at several hotels in Amsterdam. This one is my favorite.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We came to Amsterdam for New Year Dec 2004 and were lucky enough to stay at the Kras. Superb hotel, very friendly and helpful staff and you must have the Sunday Brunch (which was on New Years Day) An eat as much as you can buffet, with champagne, perfect cure for the hangover from New Years Eve. Very centrally located Hotel and so easy to get to from the Airport, just hop on a Train and it's a few minutes walk to Dam Square. So much cheaper than a Taxi. We walked everywhere in Amsterdam and WOW what a lovely city, great food, friendly people and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eddyo
<Content>Slipping            
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location... I absolutely loved my hotel room. I had a huge bathroom: tub, seperate shower, and seperate toilet. Every amenity you could possibly want was available. However, my friends who had seperate rooms did not get the same size of room that I had. One of my friends actually paid more than I did to upgrade, and received a very small room compared to mine. So, I'm not sure if it is the luck of the draw, but be aware that rooms vary greatly. As for the staff, they were nice, but not as helpful or courteous as I have found at other hotels of the same class. The coffee/lunch lounge was excellent and I would highly recommend it. Overall, the location is great....you're right in the center. Furthermore, the train station was very close, definitely within walking distance. The concierge can book any tour that you would like to do...I would recommend the cheese factory, wooden shoe/windmill factory, and small village tour. They take you to all three locations for a very cheap price, and you are able to see the country side.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a nice room, good location, and peaceful sleep.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>donny34
<Content>Perfect Location My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in March as a special treat and overall the hotel was great. When we arrived, we were placed in a room which was quite near the front of the hotel and was very noisy (there was a fair on in Dam Square) and so we asked to be moved to somewhere quieter. 3 rooms later, we settled in our room which although clean, was not quite what I expected of a 4/5 star hotel. The bathroom was the smallest ever - I've NEVER had swing doors to a bathroom containing a bath with shower over a washbasin and with a toilet in its own room. It was quite a feat manoevering out of the bath when the glass shower door didn't really have enough space to move back ! The bed was very comfortable and room service food was more than adequate. But what really makes this hotel is the breakfast buffet (fantastic - amazing amount of choice AND free champagne!) the staff who are really helpful and friendly (unusual for such a large hotel) and of course the location - perfect for discovering Amsterdam. We'd stay there again without any hesitation. Shame it doesn't have an indoor pool though....  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Fine Hotel room was clean, spacious (not large) and comfortable. Main lobby was faded opulence but we didn't really spend any time in there (when in Amsterdam - go walking in Amsterdam). The location of the hotel is pretty good - very central, and VERY convenient. Not on a canal, which may be an issue for some, but close to canals (only a few blocks). The street behind the hotel can be noisy, but not overly concerning. The hotel is right across from The Palace - which is lovely. Advice: Don't waste your time (or Euros) taking a cab - just take the train straight from the airport to Central Station and walk 2 - 3 block north to Dam Square - and the hotel is right there - so easy!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mystie
<Content>Unbeatable Location! Had an excellent time at the Krasnapolsky. The only critism I have for this hotel is the unorganised management of the check-in process. However, this problem was partly due to ignorant and aggresive tourists who actually reckoned that they were better than the other people in the queue and should be served first. The rooms are small, but very clean, and very comfortable. The location is absolutely marvelous. Opposite the hotel is a main train-stop, and also surrounded by some of the major shopping centres in Amsterdam. The Red Light District is just a few streets away for a leisurely evening browse, much safer than we had expected! A lot of superb  affordable Chinese restaurants dotted around the surrounding streets. The dim sum at some of these places must be tried!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>southendbootboy
<Content>Sheer luxury in the centre of Amsterdam We managed to get a cheap deal for the Krasnapolsky in mid-January - I've always wanted to stay there! VERY luxurious, very comfortable rooms, nice little bar, and so handy for everything - right on Dam Square. Very friendly and obliging staff. Having said that, this Hotel is definitely NOT in my normal price range - thought the Hotel's website allows you to locate and book the cheapest possible rates very easily.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nalrud
<Content>Loved NH Grand Hotel Krasnopolsky in Amsterdam Just returned from Amsterdam where we spent 3 perfect days despite the cold weather. The stay at NH Grand Hotel Krasnopolsky was extremely pleasurable. The hotel posses both the old world charm and all the necessary modern amenities. The room and bathroom were spotless and a good size. The bathroom not only large, provided both a Jacuzzi tub and a separate shower, the toilet has it's own private space as well. All the toiletries you may think of were provided, with plenty of towels, extra pillows, slippers, soundless temperature unit and a very comfortable bed. The concierge was extremely knowledgeable and very helpful. The lobby lounge is very reasonable and for a mid-day tea time, they have a great pastry and tea selection. The check in and check out processes were quick and painless. The hotel also provides umbrellas since the weather is very unpredictable. They provide a shuttle to the airport for a fraction of the taxi charge and you only need to call it in 2 hours in advance. We would definitely come back to this hotel on our next trip to Amsterdam and would highly recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Krasnapolsky Apartments a Great Deal! I found a 99 Euro/night rate on a Junior Apartment at the Krasnapolsky through Hotels over President's Weekend, so I consider myself extremely fortunate. The plusses: location, location, location - just a few blocks from Central Station, right on the Dam, where all the trams stop. The Junior size we were given was 1 bedroom, a separate living room/kitchen and a view overlooking a pleasant, quiet courtyard. We had plenty of space to stretch out, 2 tv's (we don't watch, but I mention it for those of you who do), good interior lighting, comfy furniture, and we saved a bundle preparing our own breakfast and a few other meals, which helped with the Euro/dollar conversion. There's a supermarket and plenty of other shopping close by. The hotel concierge is very helpful, plus you can buy a multi-use tram ticket (strippenkart) in the hotel's Business Room. Amsterdam is so compact, in good weather you can walk (or rent a bike) to most museums, etc.The minuses: check-in wasn't until after 3 (absolutely no relief for the jetlagged), the apartment entrance was through the hotel's kitchen area, those narrow, steep Dutch steps, the mattresses were soft (although we slept fine), and we couldn't get the smell of cigarette smoke out of the room. Also, for those of you with small kids or poor eyesight, our apartment contained two floor-to-ceiling steel supports that you wouldn't want to bang into. Also there was a step down from the bathroom into the bedroom. Other apartments may be arranged differently, but if this kind of safety is a concern, I suggest writing to the hotel in advance and requesting a room without these items. On balance, considering the location, price and spaciousness, we were more than happy to make the other tradeoffs. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milepig
<Content>The apartments are great, if a bit quirky. Please note that this review concerns the apartments that are owned by the Krasnapolsky hotel, not the main hotel itself.I stumbled across the apartments by accident and, after checking trip advisor, decided to get them a try. I couldn' have been more pleased. Information is hard to find, without any real link from the hotel site itself, but a check on search engines turned up several locations for booking, including a well hidden page on the hotel's main site.I'm not quite sure what the story is. The hotel is large and complex - the sort of place that needs to specify for your room use elevator six, which is around five corners and down a long hallway..... It occupies the majority of a square block, and includes several small buildings that I suspect are listed. It is these buildings that contain the apartments. In many cases they are in mixed buildings, some apartments seem to be either not owned by the hotel or on long-term leases, while others are available for rent. The ground floor may very well contain a shop. The hotel site indicates that the minimum booking period is one week, but I was able to secure a four-day booking from one of the online sites. Other reviewers have accurately described the process, you check in at the hotel, etc. Our particular apartment, one of several with this characteristic, was accessed through the hotel kitchen. Sort of strange, but we got used to it. Problems first:the entrance through the kitchen.the fact that our outside door was never locked, not once, in the four days we stayed there. Granted you had to walk through the hotel lobby to get there, but still....the hole in the wall at the bottom of the steps where someone probably lost control of their suitcase (along with drywall debris that wasn't swept up the entire time we were there.The upside:EU119 for a two room apartment with a loft.The unit was squeeky clean.We had all the normal hotel supplies, soap, towels, etc.We had a kitchen with microwave, fridge, pots and pans, corkscrew, etc.The living room was huge and we felt like we were at home.Although there were other units on our hallway, the only thing we ever heard was faint TV noises as we walked past the units. Once inside our unit, nothing.The furnishings are indeed a bit like HoJo's, but they were fine. The living room had a big leather couch with matching chair, coffee table, several lamps, a dining table with four chairs, fully equipped kitchen. More than I had possibly hoped for.The pictures presented online are spot on. Every unit is different, but based on my experience I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarrieHooton
<Content>Welcome to "Toon town" I entered Amsterdam with some trepidation. My partner had lived there for some years before we met so I was visiting his old haunts (he was keen to ensure I hhad a great time) but I was concerned about the stories of drug us and prostitution. Absolutely no need to worry I soon discovered. The Dutch have such an open attitude that those sort of activities are well out of the way and you are highly unlikely to stumble across them unless you particularly want to. I found Amsterdam to be liberating, fresh and exciting. The people were vibrant and individual, the transport was amazing: buses, trams, underground, bikes (more than I've ever seen) a few cars....and the canal system was breathtaking. Our hotel was really well located in the centre of town. It was a five star but I wasn't overly impressed by the facilities. Still, it was nice enough - just nothing special. What was something special was the restaurant Christophes It is the best restaurant I have EVER eaten at and the cheese board is out of this world. Don't go to Amsterdam for a boozy stag-night of seedy goings on ... you're missing out on a wonderful wonderful city !  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Adrian9
<Content>Excellent Service I've been to Amsterdam many times, but I've just got back from my first stay in the Krasnapolsky. It won't be my last because the service is excellent. The room is pretty much what a hotel room is anywhere, perfectly adequate but nothing to write home about. What impressed me was the service. The first room we were given turned out to have two single beds pushed together, not the double I had requested, as soon as I complained we were upgraded with apologies and they even offered to have my luggage moved too.My girlfriend needed a pair of scissors, they arrived in minutes as did anything else I asked for (dinner menus, ironing board etc).The Reflet Restaurant is again excellent, both in service and quality of food.The location couldn't be better, right on Dam square so all the big shops are out the front door and the coffee shops are out the back door.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Krasnapolsky We have just returned from the Grand Krasnapolsky. It is listed as a Five Star hotel. By American standards, you might not find this rating to be true. The rooms are small but the service is excellent and you will find your room to be cleaned perfectly even in the corners. What you are being charge for is all the amenities that are available in your room. i.e. A book to read at night, razors, finger nail files, special soap sponges, slippers, robes, women's leg razors with cream, a fresh tooth brush and paste daily and a host of other amenities that you would find at most hotels. I would not recommend dining at the hotel. The food is good but the rates are unbelievable high. For example, breakfast in the dinning room is 23 Euro's per person. That is approximately $27.00 dollars USA and it is not worth it. I have seen better selections at the inexpensive Denny's in the US. But there are many restaurants around the hotel where you can find a breakfast that is far more reasonable. Also, unless you want to pay unwanted charges check your bill carefully before departure. We purchased snacks at local convinent stores and pulled our some of the drinks available in the mini-bar in order to keep our drinks cool. When you remove anything from the mini-bar it is immediately, through modern tech, charged to your room even if you put it back. Also, make sure the persons before you did not snack a little before leaving and after checking out as you will be charged for their usage. Having left the hotel and returning after a trip to Belgium, I then realized what all those charges were. I must say that they did make an adjustment of some 40 Euro's when I expained that there was no expanation of these hidden charges for no usage posted any where and that as American's even in our five star hotels, removing items to put your own in the mini-bar did not constitute a charge. The ridiculous thing is that the mini-bar person checks your room every afternoon. Even if you have put the items back, and no matter what the mini-bar person finds, you will still be charged. The only other thing that I would ad is, although you may obtain information on local sights from the hotel, you are told that it is a ten minute walk to most of them. Hah, put on a good pair of walking shoes or learn how to use other means of transportation. i.e. Canal boats with a pass that is good for 24 hours and you are transported to the major areas of interest and you can get on and off all day. There is also street cars but this travel is a little more difficult to figure out. The city itself is worth the visit, the restaurants are excellent, the locals are wonderful and very helpful, and above all, even in Febuary, no snow and temperatures in the 40's.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scousejetsetter
<Content>Nothing Kras about this place A wonderful hotel in an ideal location. After reading some of the reviews we were a little hesitant regards the hotel, but I can honestly say we could not find fault with the place in anyway. Our rooms were spotless and the staff were always helpful and curteous. The extras in the room - shower gel, toothbrush, bath robe, etc., were all very nice, of he highest quality and a lovely bonus.Having said all that, the highlight has to be the location. Overlooking Dam square and close to everything you may want or need. Get a map and enjoy Amsterdam as this hotel is at the very heart of the city.Also, one of the best restaurants in Amsterdam for the price is just around the corner in the form of Gaucho's. If you go, go here and have the 'Classic'. A three course meal for just 19,50 Euros. You will be far pushed to eat better!We did get the rooms at a slightly discounted price as we booked so far in advance (eight months) but when we return to Amsterdam (and we will very soon) this hotel will be our first check out for availablility, largely irrespective of the price.Amsterdam is one of the nicest cities in Europe and the hotel perfectly combines 5* quality with Amsterdam's uniqueness. Having recently stayed in a Hilton in Prague which was nice, but you could have been anywhere in the world. The Krasnapolsky manages to keep the 5* factor and mixes in the great Amsterdam feeling.We cannot find fault with the hotel and happily recommend it to anyone who vists Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A_Shropshire_Lass
<Content>Perfect location Having booked a weekend break online and got a very good rate for flights and hotel I was a little nervous about what we would find upon checking in to this hotel after reading some of the negative comments on here. I needn't have worried! Our whole weekend was excellent.First of all the location was fantastic! 10 minutes walk from the station and within walking distance of everywhere we wanted to visit.We had a non-smoking room on the 5th floor which was spacious, immaculate, warm and quiet. The bed was huge and comfortablewith soft sheets and a choice of pillows. A real surprise in a European hotel was the tea and coffee making facilities in our room - wonderful!The first morning we were too hungover to face a euro22pp breakfast so we ventured out to find something to eat. We did have breakfast in The Winter Garden on the Sunday morning and it was amazing! Champagne and smoked salmon with scrambled eggs in the most beautiful setting. Worth every penny (or cent!)Every member of staff that we encountered was helpful and pleasant.I really cannot recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware!, You really do get what you paid for! The only credible comment i can make about this hotel is that the location is fantastic, situated in the heart of Amsterdam - Dam Square.My friend and I paid 119 Euros per night for a room at the Krasnapolsky we were bitterly dissapointed. Firstly, upon arrival, it took roughly 40 minutes to check-in due to the check-in staff's lack of proficiency. After checking-in we made our way up to the room, not realising that our room was located at the far end of the hotel, a good 5-10 minute walk!Entering our room, we were greeted with the type of room you would expect in a two or three star hotel! Furnishings were old, the curtains had what appeared to be cigarette burns - in a non-smoking room!, the bathroom was very small, the door having no lock on it,  although the air-conditioner worked it made an awful noise! Not to mention the fact that our room was directly above noisy pubsbars, keeping us awake well into the early hours of the morning!The Krasnapolsky really left the impression with me that you certainly get what you pay for, be very aware of the cheap rates that you find for this hotel on the internet, as you are rewarded in a harsh way for paying the cheaper rate!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We just stayed at the GRAND KRASNAPOLSKY for NEW YEARS and we could not have been more pleased.. it was clean, the staff was pleasant... we even had our room cleaned 2ce in one day.... they let us check in early.. and they helped us get the shuttle to the airport .. i can't say enough good things about this hotel.. absolutely recommend and would defiantly stay there again! :) If you are looking for a New York City experience in Europe this is the place to be!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>more 3 star than 5 star Living in Amsterdam I had always thought of the Krasnapolsky as a good 5 star hotel. But what a disappointment!!! We booked two rooms for party of four only to be put in separate buildings in complete opposite directions. When in the adjacent building you have to go through an alleyway so bring your coat even when going for beakfast. Although you could still freeze as you have to swipe your keycard about 10 times before it let's you in.When checking in, which took about 30 minutes, we were told there was no reservation, then they put our friends in a single room. This was supposed to be a royal executive room overlooking the Dam square. When rooms were eventually sorted out they had to change room again because of the foul state of the room. I have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world and I have honestly never seen a 5 star hotel with DIY style bathrooms and laminate flooring. The hallways were smelly and messy looking. On top of that the roommaid kept asking when we were leaving as her her shift was nearly over ( this was at 10.45 a.m.) We had dinner in the Japenese restaurant as the main restaurant was closed for the holiday season. We made reservations for 9.15 but we should have made that earlier as they obviously wanted to close and fired our 5 course dinner at us in 30 minutes. This is good when eating a pizza. Finally it took us 45 minute to check out. Overall a crap stay and very disappointing. If you are looking for a real 5 star experience in Amsterdam stay in the Amstel hotel or the Grand. I rate the Krasnapolsky as a 3 star high street hotel. Good location is the only thing going for it.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesley
<Content>Grand stay Beautiful and spacious lobby areas, with a real buzz to it. The bar was always lively, and very comfortable with excellent service.We ate in the restaurant it was one of the best meals we have ever had, exquisite ingredients well presented. The restaurant itself was beautiful and reminded me of the Ritz London. Staff brilliant, they had to go to the shop for our champagne, but gave us a discount for the delay.The room was only a standard, but it was very nicely furnished, new fittings, comfy bed, a really good size and a view across the city. Bathroom was a bit old fashioned, but the toilet and shower were seperate, suite wa snew, toiletries good quality.The best thing though was the winter garden where you have breakfast, it is stunning, the buffet breakfast was as good , if not better than any I have had in the US. If you want the Sunday brunch (12-3) you have to book well in advance.Also the position was great, close to red light district, which is actually very nice, all the shops bars and restaurants. Do go  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Raw_Robert
<Content>Great Location! Great Hotel if u are in the right room! room nos 1020,2020,3020 and 4020 are generally for the disabled and hence are enormouse compared to the rest of the hotel and we have always had a great time there. We have been treated with respect and courtesy unlike some of the other 5 star hotels and the Breakfast is truly fantastic if u have room service! Have stayed there 5 times and am due back on the 26thDec for another 3 nights!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ping000
<Content>great location - poor hotel Yes, the location is great, but that's all the positive comment this hotel gets. The room was very small, the furniture was very old, a rusted heating and a mini bathroom. It was very warm when we visited and it was impossible to turn on the airco because it made a terrible noise...so the room got so hot that we had a incredible headache in the morning. Never never again! I think this hotel used to be very nice, but now it is more than time for renovation!!!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location I stayed in one of the apartments. Ample space and the decor was nice. Bed was comfortable. The entrance to the apartments is at the beginning of the Red Light district. There is always activity giong on outside. The Greenhouse Coffieshop is just accross the street for those smokers. The room service food was excellant. If you can get one of these apartments (7day stay required) they're the best deal in Amsterdam 625euro for the week!!! book at --------.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I had a great stay... I have been to Amsterdam three times in the last year and I have to admit that that the Krasnapolski is the cleanest hotel I have stayed in.The staff was helpful and the room was well appointed. Although a bit pricy ( I stayed in a business class room) I would go back. The hotel is centrally located and in the middle of all the fun stuff that attracts many to Amsterdam. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but OK room.... Excellent location - Across the street from the Palace and right in the middle of Dam Square and the Red Light District. Close to trams and a 10 walk to Centraal Station and canal tours. Lots of shops, resturants/eateries and bars/coffeshops nearby. A big mall and a grocery store right behind the Palace. About a 15 walk to the Anne Frank House, 20 minute walk from Leidesplein, Vondel Park, the Flower Market, Resturant Row and about a 30 minute walk to the Rijks and Van Gogh Musems.Average looking apartment - The lobby and the shops inside the hotel are nice but my apartment was out back and around the corner, facing the Red Light District where you'll usually pass some shady people selling drugs. Walking up the stairs are extremely steep and the room was average looking (no elevators). There's no AC in the room and the bathroom was pretty small. The washer/dryer was very confusing to use and the dryer took FOREVER to dry clothes. It took me about 6.5 hours to dry a pair of jeans and a couple of t shirts. The Japanese resturant in the lobby of the hotel is very expensive for dinner and the food was just ok. It's supposed to be the nicest hotel in Amsterdam but I've stayed at a Marriott Hotel in San Diego, California that was way nicer.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>formerbelle
<Content>convenient centrally located. convenient. accomodations ok. would probably stay somewhere else next time. perhaps the Pulitzer,  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced, poor service I stayed at the Krasnapolsky for one night on October 15, 2004. The main problem with this hotel is service overall and the front desk in particular. First, the lobby of the Krasnapolsky is extremely disorganized. There is no reason that they could not put up a sign and some ropes indicating that the line for the check-in counter starts here. Instead, guests were coming at the clerks from all directions and people breaking into the 2 or 3 lines that had formed. It made the check-in process about twice as long as it should have been. Second, there were only three front desk clerks working when we checked in and there were many guests lined up. This is poor planning and again contributed to a very long and very frustrating check in.On to my room. It was clean, yet very small and cramped. I would have expected more for 200 Euro a night. Also, I had to walk a great distance to get to the elevator, and there were a minimum of signs. Again, very frustrating.The room safe malfunctioned and I could not get access to my valuables. Again, frustrating.On the positive side, the breakfast was excellent. Very good food and good service in the restaurant.At checkout, the same chaotic scene greeted me, and a stranger in front of me commented that the front desk area was possibly the most disorganized he had ever seen. I agree with him. The front desk in any hotel is vital to a customer's impression of the hotel - and the front desk at the Krasnapolsky is about the worst I have ever encountered - especially for a luxury hotel. I would not stay at the Krasnapolsky again. Ironically, I stayed at the NH Ch芒teau Marquette in Heemskerk for 5 nights prior to the Krasnapolsky, and although the hotel was not as luxurious as the Krasnapolsky, the staff were friendly and helpful and the food was again very good. It seems as though the service problems at the Krasnapolsky are not found at all NH hotels - perhaps the front desk staff at the Krasnapolsky need more basic customer service training, or the front desk management should be looked at.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth a try Everything here was great except two things, one bad, one good:Good news: The best lasagna I have ever experienced, at the lobby cafe.Bad news: Insects in room. But maybe it was unusual (during last summer's heat wave).  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>have stayed here many times My husband and l have stayed at the Krasnapolsky many times and each time has been enjoyable. The staff are always attentive and the rooms are spacious. The location is ideal, as it is at the hub of the city, with trams ideally situated. I would recommend staying at the Krasnapolsky with no hesitation, likewise, l would recommend the breakfast. Although it is expensive, it is definitely worthwhile.There have been times when Dam Square is noisy, but surely that it part of Amsterdams charm?! People visiting Amsterdam must surely realise that it isn't only about tuilips!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhilSuisse
<Content>disappointed The location is excellent, but the hotel doesn't deserve five stars : no luxury in the room, big but very ugly bathroom, very slow check-in, no preparation of the room in the evening, ...I will choose another hotel for my next stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel! We stayed 2 nights in Aug and were happy with the selection of this hotel. It has been fully modernized and is much like a downtown North American hotel inside. The location is supberb and many attractions are within a short walk. Expedia had a very good rate. The staff were helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice! Although we booked this room on the net, we were given a spacious one. The hotel is strategically located in the heart of the city. Good price, good service and an excellent location! Didnt try their breakfast though, but the winter garden looked very nice.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALPADDICT
<Content>Very central location Just got back from 4 nights in Amsterdam and stayed at the Grand Krasnapolsky. We had no problems and no complaints. front desk was helpful,check-in was quick, room was clean and comfortable. If you are going to Amsterdam to see the sights and can walk, this is a great central location...less than 10 minute walk from Central Station,many restaurants within walking distance,and always a lot going on right outside in Dam Square to people watch. If you want a lot of quiet though, it can be a noisy area at night  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>csulbxx
<Content>Excellent location, excellent staff After having seen and admired this hotel for over 30 years, we finally stayed here. It's not a modern cold hotel, but a classy place with a sense of history. We got a great price on the Internet (about $170 in July, 2004). We didn't have breakfast included, it didn't look that great and was very expensive. There are lots of places to get something to eat nearby. While the roooms could be more luxurious, and may have seen better days, it is still a great hotel, and the service was outstanding. They let us check in early, the conceige had great suggestions, and the location was perfect.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hannah23
<Content>wonderful My boyfriend and I stayed there for 5 nights for the New Year... and loved every second of it. The room was really big and clean and the service was irreproachable. We got a really good deal for the room via a web site and all in all we were both enchanted by every aspect of our stay.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced faux luxury We recently returned from a trip to Amsterdam and Germany, traveling with a family of five. We stayed at this hotel on our last night as we had a flight out of Amsterdam and it's convenient to the train station. We had 2 rooms in the Royal wing, which were OK, but definitely not worth the money we paid compared to other hotels on our trip in the same price range. Hotel Krasnapolsky seems to cut corners to give guests the appearance of luxury without actually having to pay for it. The rooms are attractive, with hardwood floors and modern furnishings. But they skimp on the big ticket items. Other hotels in this price range have very fine linens and down comforters. This one had heavier synthetic comforters and less expensive bedding. There are robes and slippers and abundant little goodies in the bathroom, but the flourescent lighting in the bathroom was dim and depressing. The decor was bargain-basement trying to look expensive -- faux granite on the bathroom floor and no evidence of design or artfulness anyplace in the hotel. I knew it was an old hotel and expected to find at least a hint of its former elegance. I didn't. I'm glad we didn't pay the 21 euros apiece for breakfast in the Winter Garden. (there's a very nice cafe next door with a huge breakfast for less than half that.) I suppose what you are paying for is the Hotel's Dam Square location, but considering how easy it is to get around in Amsterdam, and considering how noisy and dirty the Dam is, why not stay some place a little further away and just walk over? As to convenience to the train station, it's about a 3-4 block walk which is fine for someone who isn't traveling with kids but we ended up taking a taxi to the airport anyway!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bobster2006
<Content>Watch our for those rooms.... Just returned from a 3 night stop at this hotel so here's my thoughts.I have to say that if you do not get a room upgrade, your thoughts on this hotel will be very different. The 1st room we were put in would be expected of a 3 star hotel. The toilet was miniscule, the bathroom not far behind (so small, it had to have swinging saloon doors), the room itself quite small.It does seem that all 'best internet rates' will be placed in these rooms. We were offered an upgrade at 35 Euros a night which we refused (they stated that they had no other rooms available). After 15 minutes they managed to give us a different room (obviously kept for someone who has not paid the 'best internet rate'). This room was bigger, nicer bathroom  toilet, although the shower leaked.Apart from the wide variation in rooms, everything else checked out great - location, food, comfort. No swimming pool though - I would have expected this for a 5 star hotel.I would not go back though, I know that I can get better for 180 Euros per night.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great bed! Just returned from our 3 night break at this great hotel. We were upgraded to a room in the Royal Wing. A very spacious, airy, clean room. The bed was to die for. My boyfriend and I had to drag ourselves out of bed to explore this fab City. The staff were really polite and friendly. Location perfect for exploring. We had lunch twice and the food was yummy, try the Club sandwich. You've guessed we will certailny be returning to this hotel.VERY SOON!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LFutcher
<Content>Excellent food! Excellent location for a start, on Dam Square and on the edge of the main shopping area and the red light district. Also within walking distance of Centraal station. At first was disappointed with the size and decor of the bedroom but became used to it and quite liked it in the end! The staff were really friendly and the food was unbelievable. We ate in the French restaurant and had brunch in the gorgeous Winter Garden and it was fantastic. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbeatable The Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky exceeded all my expectations. From the minute we checked in until we left 4 days later it was heaven. The buffet breakfast is in a league of it's own and the beautiful Winter Garden setting just adds to the ambiance of this the most important meal of the day. The quality of the sevice in the lobby bar, the bar and the restaurant can not be faulted.All staff made us feel most welcome. If you have time pay the inhouse Japenese restaurant a visit, you will not be disappointed,all food is cooked on a hotplate at your table.A culinary delight!! The room we stayed in was superb.I feel the Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky made our trip to Amsterdam perfect.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel great hotel great service got a good deal on hotels.nl. this hotel right in the middle of dam square great location we had room looking over dam square. the beds are huge and so comfortable. easy walking distance to everywhere. would def recommend  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emerald444
<Content>Nice hotel in the heart of Amsterdam This hotel is certainly an institution in Amsterdam. It is very nice inside, but the staff is sometimes a little rude and posh and rooms look pretty old. It is a good choice though. The place where you have breakfast is gourgeous. Very close to everything.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>codejd
<Content>Decent business hotel...Barbizon Palace is better! This is one of those places you come if you want to get re-Americanized prior to coming back home. Here you find a large lobby with bar and piano player, a helpful concierge desk, hundreds of rooms rather than handfulls, 24-hour roomservice and if you can believe this; they have an ice machine!!!The rooms are small but clean and tastefully decorated. The bathroom is small as well but very nicely done and very user friendly. We opted for a quiet room and thus did not have a view of Dam Square but I really didn't care at that point. Just some nice peaceful sleep was what we needed before coming home.Having said all that though the staff is not too friendly. Although the doorman and concierge were nice, the people behind the front desk were rude and not very helpful. I went online during our stay and noticed that they were offering the same room we were staying in for 40 Euro less per night. When I asked them to change my rate they said it was impossible. When I told them to cancel my remaining reservation and we would lodge elsewhere, they changed my rate.This is a nice hotel but the Golden Tulip Barbizon Palace is just as quiet, has larger rooms and is just a stone's throw from Central Station.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Room ok This hotel is close to the train station (walkable with light luggage)  also to the most touristy areas  red light district. It was incredibly chaotic and if I were to stay again I would likely choose a hotel a bit further out. That being said the hotel itself is centrally located so you can walk anywhere. It is an absolutely gorgeous hotel - the room was clean - the bathroom was gigantic - the food in the restaurant was likely the best I had during our stay (again it's a very touristy area everything is over priced and we found the quality lacking). This was our largest room during our European tour and it was also the room with the least character. It was cheap at $120E so it was near the rear of the hotel looking onto another building (not much light). Overall I give it a great rating even though we likely stayed in one of their least desirable rooms because it had everything but character...and character likely costs more than $120E a night for a central - upscale - well kept - hotel in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tedkop
<Content>A really enjoyable stay A great place to stay, Staff is frendly and attentive. Its central to almost everything. The bed and pillows where fantastic. The High Noon Tea in the lobby is resonable and the food is great, as well as the view of Dam Square. Be careful making phone calls especially to cell phones its very pricey  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssims6
<Content>Awesome! This place was fantastic! Helpful and courteous staff. The room was fabulous! The breakfast buffet was to die for! Fantastic location, right in the middle of dam square. Everything is in walking distance from this hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic. Fantastic. What a great hotel situated right in heart of everything. The staff were so incredibly nice and could not do enough to make you comfortable.The room was wonderful and very very clean. If you have a problem with this you are either way too fussy or the type who would not be pleased with anything ie a saddo.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cqdaniels
<Content>Brilliant! Ideally located in Dam Square though a little too close to the red-light area if you want to avoid that sort of thing.The room was small but perfect - I've never seen a bed so big before! They even give you a choice of pillows. The staff were all attentive and polite.Didn't have breakfast at the hotel as we thought it was a bit pricey, but there are loads of place to eat nearby. Did try the room service and that was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTreker
<Content>What a Perfect Hotel! What a place....from the moment we entered the lobby, every single employee that we encountered on our 5-night stay made a point to greet us. They were quite friendly and accommodating. We were upgraded to rooms in the Royal Wing, which faced the south side. The rooms lacked for nothing. I do imagine, though, that some rooms at this hotel could be a bit noisy depending on the time of year and if people are out on the streets and in The Dam to late hours. We celebrated my parents anniversary while there; and the hotel staff didn't miss a beat with remembering it with handwritten notes and chocolates in their room along with champagne and a beautiful cake at our breakfast in the Winter Garden restaurant. Location is perfect and very convenient to Centraal Station (10 minute walk). The trams stop directly in front of the hotel. Restaurant prices in the hotel can be pricy....but there are plenty of eateries nearby. We'd stay here again....definitely.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great value! The location is great. It's right in the center, on the beautiful Dam Square. We got a great deal (Expedia) on this hotel. We paid $130 for a standard room (regular rate was $450). The room was nice, very large, quiet and seemed to be newly redone. It was facing a side building though, but you could still see the square. The bathroom was large and clean with towel warmers (nice treat in late November). The city is enchanting. Lots of things to see and do. Great food. I hope to go back to Amsterdam and if would love to stay at Kras if I get similar deal.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>almightyk
<Content>Be aware here! Can be a good hotel in a great location. The only thing I'd be aware of is the big difference in rooms. Some rooms are bigger and nicer than others. Lots of variations. I've stayed here numerous times and have seen at least 5 different styles of rooms in the same price catagory. If you don't like where you're at, ask to change. Has a really nice buffet and bufett room though, and all the services of a big nice hotel. Not a first choice for me, because of the room variation. We often have to go for conferences however.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OceanTraveler
<Content>What a City!! We absolutely fell in love with Amsterdam. The city buzzed with culture, energy, and fun. Hotel was quite large in an excellent location. Service at front desk was very friendly and efficient, but unfortunately was not in bars and restaurants (breakfast buffet in main restaurant was very impressive, but had to beg for coffee). Room was good size, but a bit shabby. Easy to get around city on trolleys. Recommend canal boat tour. Cudos to the street cleaners.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Chazmundus
<Content>Superb experience in the Krasnaplosky My wife and I stayed in the Krasnapolsky for 5 nights last summer. From the moment we checked-in, our experience was wonderful. Staff in the bar/restaurants/cafe etc were always courteous and understanding. It was our first time staying in Amsterdam. From what I had heard, most rooms in that city are small - a function of crowding houses together on canal banks. To our surprise, our room was very spacious. It had a larger bathroom than most entire hotel rooms! The location is ideal for basing your stay in that wonderful unassuming city.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stunning break Our weekend in Amsterdam was part of my girlfriends christmas present and it was an absolutely excellen choice of hotels. The room was well above standard as was the location; ideally suited for visiting all the 'main' areas of Amsterdam and not far from the main station. The only thing I would comment adversely on was the cost of drinks in the main hotel bar although there are hundreds of bars in the immediate surrounding area if you can be bothered to walk! The staff were very helpful and appearred constantly cheerful. Once again an excellent hotel and an excellent pre- christmas break. Thank you Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky and we will be back.........in the summer !  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BOBSAWAY
<Content>Birthday treat This was a 40th birthday treat for my wife and what a treat it was. This Hotel is superb. Staff are very friendly,helpful and efficient. Room was large (huge bathroom and private roof terrace) clean and beautifully appointed. Room was in the Royal wing and all rooms on the 6 floor have roof terraces. Room rate on door was 450 euros I paid 145 via internet, great value for money. Location could not be better with everything within walking distance and when you have to many shopping bags just pop back to hotel drop them off and back across the road for more spending. The breakfast is optional and at an extra cost of 21 euros may seem rather steep until you see what you get and the lovely room your are in. Champagne, smoked salmon chef to cook your eggs any way you like and a vast array of fruits, breads and hot and cold dishes. The breakfast room is in the old winter garden which is a lovely ornate room with a very relaxed atmosphere You don't need much for lunch after that. I would certainly stay here again  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed This wasn't my choice of hotel, but was where a conference I was attending was being held.Location is excellent, but I would not have wanted a bedroom facing Dam Square. There is (or was) a fairground there which attracted many revellers until the late hours.Check-in was fast and efficient but the room initially allocated was the first one from the lift, so we returned to reception and made our views known. Being a seasoned traveller with very specific views on what is and isn't acceptable for a certain price in a particular country, I said I wanted a quieter room, expected them to move our bags and would return in 30 minutes after going for a walk. The check-in agent's I'll just see if we have any other rooms available came close to lighting my blue touch paper, but I kept calm. The determination to remain so evaporated instantly when the guy who'd checked us in orginally ten minutes previously apologised and said sorry, we don't know which rooms are good or bad and the computer just selects them automatically. You don't need to know what happened next, but all credit to the hotel staff for not evicting us immediately. Following our 30 minute walk we returned to find our bags moved to a far more acceptable room, albeit one with something resembling the entrace to a wild-west saloon in the old western movies instead of a toilet door. My wife couldn't face another episode at reception and I reluctantly agreed this was better than the last one and we should make do with it.I can't comment on the various food outlets in the hotel as their prices were, in my opinion, excessive and the choices within a few hundred yards of the hotel were more than adequate.During my five-day stay the only thing which gives this hotel anything to commend it was evidently the friendliness and courteousness of the staff. All generally youngsters, they've either been well-picked or well-trained - or perhaps a mixture of both.Bearing in mind my views are clouded by the initial check-in problems and exhorbitant costs of eating in the hotel, it might be worth other more patient and wealthy readers taking the risk and forming their own opinions.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CdnMiss
<Content>Will not return Very disappointed with our stay. We felt that the good internet rate we received only provided us with a substandard room. I think a good internet rate should be an introductory rate and not a reflection of the type, location or cleanliness of the room. I wont go into details, I left my comments at the desk and by email, but will never return there.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Hotel!!! What a City!!!! What a Country!!! An excellent stay in very comfortable rooms (in the Royal wing). Rooms serviced daily to a very high standard. Staff attentive and courteous. Unfortunately we didn't try the breakfast as we felt we wouldn't get value for money (21 euro for a 7 and a 9 year old we felt was too expensive). However we ate in the lounge one evening and again the staff were very helpful and the fayre was of a very good standard, and not too expensive. Sited in Dam square, you couldn't wish for a better site to explore Amsterdam. As the weather was so hot during our stay we visited the coast on two occasions and found the beaches superb. Thankyou Holland for a wonderful holiday!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I loved every thing about this hotel, from its location to the comfort of its duvet covers. The staff are EXTREMELY friendly and helpful, always smiling. The room facilities were great. I thoroughly enjoyed the stay at this hotel and would recommend it to anyone staying in Amsterdam. Staying anywhere else would be a shame.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Room, service and Value!   showReview(1218882, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stayed 4 times   showReview(1189493, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really a 4 star.   showReview(1091594, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A respectable 3.5 star hotel (NOT 5!)   showReview(1088988, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Long Stay   showReview(989266, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karav
<Content>A disappointment   showReview(952611, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Professional service-Perfect location   showReview(921734, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing   showReview(912393, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic weekend   showReview(820243, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>very nice service   showReview(643877, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>incompagnia
<Content>Ottima posizione ma di elevato rapporto qualit脿 prezzo       Vista Hotel dalla piazza Dam  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Sanchi
<Content>No es un 5 estrellas a la 'espa帽ola'   showReview(20996945, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	1	2	3	2	

<Author>viajeritospain
<Content>Absolutamente decepcionante   showReview(20525858, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>EvayPaco
<Content>Buen hotel pero cuidado con la nevera!   showReview(20472258, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>yukichan_usachan
<Content>鏈濋銇儞銉ャ儍銉曘偋銇岀礌鏁?#x201d;   showReview(20363905, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>minerva39
<Content>un gran hotel   showReview(14044518, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	3	4	5	5	

<Author>stigreeneyes
<Content>Excelente relaci贸n calidad precio   showReview(12323149, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whismer
<Content>Bien situ茅 mais les chambres moyennes   showReview(10062367, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pato_abbondanzieri
<Content>De los mejores hoteles de Amsterdam   showReview(10052878, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Falconvalencia
<Content>Me decepcion贸 mucho   showReview(8380863, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	4	4	1	

<Author>bensa217
<Content>Hotel tres bien situer   showReview(8229225, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FNO
<Content>Mejor ubicaci贸n, imposible   showReview(7833989, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>PITILLO
<Content>Idioma   showReview(6940508, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Egeki
<Content>Hotel OK y bien situado   showReview(6893891, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11375509, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>von einem F眉nfsterne-Hotel erwartet man ein Qu盲ntchen mehr...   showReview(11349337, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage   showReview(11349336, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage, Service wechselhaft   showReview(11349335, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non tutte le camere sono in albergo   showReview(11349323, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>niente di eccezionale   showReview(11335555, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Argyle1331
<Content>La amabilidad en su grado m谩ximo   showReview(5630719, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11349322, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yoassa
<Content>il lusso non abita qui... ma nel complesso un buon 4 stelle   showReview(4319231, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂界珛鍦般仹涓斻仱璞彲   showReview(19929757, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

