<Author>MairWollongong
<Content>Our first White Christmas My husband and I are from Australia and we have always wanted to experience a white Christmas, so we chose the Marriott Custom House for a week of our vacation this year. We are Marriott owners (Time share) so we are aware of the high standards of Marriott and we certainly got it here in Boston. The front of house staff (Karen and Ellen) are phenomenal and ever so willing to help you any time you need their assistance. Any technical difficulties were also attended to promptly by maintenance. The room was perfect- we had a one bedroom suite, with plenty of room to move, and with fantastic views across the harbour. The kitchen however, had very limited facilities- we would have liked a hot plate or frypan, since we are used to cooking many of our own meals- Yes I know we were on vacation! The location is ideal- right near everything. Because of the weather-( it started snowing within an hour of us arriving)- we were a bit limited with our sightseeing- but the train stations are all located close by and we were able to visit Salem! We were also walking distance from all shops etc. Unfortunately no restaurants were open for Christmas Day lunch so we were very disappointed - we really wanted a traditional Christmas lunch but couldn't have one. We did however manage to find a lovely restaurant nearby that was open for dinner, so we could at least celebrate Christmas. The lovely Ellen - chief concierge organised gingerbread man decorating for a group of us, and what fun we had! There were also other organised tours of the hotel and visiting guest speakers so we were never bored! All in all it was a great experience and we would recommend it to others- perhaps not with young children however in snow ,as it is difficult to negotiate the streets.One must do is a trip to the markets nearby on Saturday morning to stock up o fruit and veges- what an experience that was in knee deep snow!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StartinDenver
<Content>Highly recommend the Custom House/Boston       whale watching  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>sarah1616
<Content>awesome location        view from room - 3  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingair17
<Content>Boston Marriott Custom House is great The custom house is a very interesting place to stay. What can I say ....location is everything. 50 paces to the subway. One block to the Quincy market and 1/4 mile to the best dining in the north end to experience. The concierge Karen Conners is the best at providing information to go on the many site seeing ventures. Dont miss the unofficial tour at Harvard and the tour at Fenway park. The hotel is renovated and you would not know it was over one hundred years old. The beds were harder than I preferred but very large.  I only went to the breakfast room once and the waffle batter was not good...I could not eat the waffle. I suspect the staff changed the batter mix that is the usual at a Residence INN. The front desk staff was adequate but not up to par with the vacation club's I have visited in other locations. The problem was with the rental car pick up an the valet staff. They seemed very aloof. Consider calling the concierge before you go to get the lowdown. Don't buy a Boston Go card...ripoff. Learn the subway system. Take it from the airport to the Aquariem station it is fantastic. Get a week pass for 15.00 dollars it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Gastronauta
<Content>A tale of two nights Part of a 2-week family holiday in the US.Stayed for 2 nights in early August and booked direct with hotel. First night: although we specifically asked for a high-floor, we ended up on the second floor, bar side. This is because, of course, this is not really a hotel but a time-share with occasional availability of rooms and the part-owners want the best rooms. Nothing wrong with that, but the room was not good. Spartan, worn down (reminded me of Eastern European hotels in the 80s) and VERY noisy given pubs across the street. 2*. Fortunately staff at reception managed to move us to the 19th floor the second night: what a difference. Fantastic room, great furnishings, spectacular views.... 4*.In the end we were grateful for the swap and appreciate they were under no obligation to move us but the difference was spectacular and for $400 a night the room on the 2nd floor was a joke. Great top floor 'games' room behind the clock in this famous Boston landmark though. Breakfast was mediocre and a bit weird as room was too small, historic as it was.Overall, I would not stay here again as there is no guarantee of a nice vs rubbish room and overall a mixed experience.Next, off Cape Ann but next hotel was Comfort Inn in Concord.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>llamacalmer
<Content>Ideal Position Husband, I and 14 year old daughter stayed here for 5 nights 17th-21st July. First time in Boston and chose this hotel because of reviews written here.We were not disappointed. We had a room on the 6th floor, with a kingsize bed and double sofa bed in the lounge area.The hotel is in an ideal position, a few minutes walk from Faneuil Hall with its wide selection of takeaways and restaurants, (anyone who knows Covent Garden in London - it's just like that) and also only a short walk to the wharf for whale watching and ferries.The housekeeping was very good with shampoos etc replaced every day, and internet charges of $10 a day weren't too bad (though this was the only hotel on our trip that charged for this service).As we were travelling around it was useful to have the laundry facilities on the top floor with the games room.Staff were pleasant and helpful, and there was always iced water in the reception area, and cookies in the afternoon.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Grainnew
<Content>Historic Hotel We stayed in the Custom House for three nights. We are 2 adults and 2 children. I asked for a high floor and we got it - right under the clock face. While the windows were small compared to the lower floors- there were only 2 suites on our floor as the floor plate is smaller at this level. The views stretched from a partial harbour view, North End/Charlestown, Cambridge, partial dowtown, government centre-so the views were good.Overall the suite was small in size (but this is dictated by the floor plate and has to be expected given that this is a clock tower). When the sofa bed was pulled out there was little room to move about, mainly due to too many occasional tables in the living/dining/kitchen area. I had originally requested a rollaway bed (since the girls don't like sharing) but once I saw the size of the room I had to cancel it - it just wouldn't have fitted in. Our room had a king size bed - which left little room for anything else, as this room was small as well. I am generally very fussy about matresses and I can say this one was fine - very firm. The bathroom was off a lobby between both rooms. With four people travelling there was no space for all our bathroom stuff. A shelf over the wash basin would have been good for all that stuff. The extract did not work in the bathroom so one got a foggy mirror. We are very concious about the background noise of air conditioning at night. It was quite noisy and kept switching on/off throughout the night. Another issue was the supply grilles were directly over the sofa bed - so one daughter was cold and we had to request extra blankets for the sofa bed. The observation deck was very interesting as it is external and runs around all sides of the building. Also interesting was the rotunda lobby (with domed ceiling) and upper level (which was part of the original Custom House). The lower floors were all part of the original Custom House and the tower section was an addition about a century ago. There is a laundry in part of the games room which would be very useful for those staying for a longer period or those travelling with small kids.The kitchen was stocked with washing liquid, laundry powder and coffee. There was no stove - just a microwave and a undercounter fridge.As others have mentioned the location is very handy for transportation (three lines are close by), food and shopping. We stayed over a weekend so many of the breakfast places were closed since they mainly serve the downtown office community. However there is a Starbucks just up the street on State.The staff were very helpful and friendly, expecially the guys who take care of valet/bags/doors. I choose this hotel because it was a hotel in an unusual architectural structure (not just an historic hotel- which can mean outdated facilities) and I wasn't disappointed. Expect an adapted reuse of the spaces and you won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>anonymousca
<Content>unique hotel experience in an historic site retro fit hotel into old customs house in boston, mass, usa. very neat. right next door to quincy market, irish pubs, aquarium, and T- stop. great front desk staff, ice water in the lobby, cookies at 4 pm. great restaurants nearby- legal seafood, wagamama, etc.stately historic hotel. i'd stay again. we stayed in a suite ( family) and it had all kitchen amenities.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kckaceykc
<Content>Not so good the second time 'round We stayed at this hotel before and we absolutely loved it. That time we had a really fantastic (standard) suite on the 19th floor. This time, having booked over the 4th of July (but 4 months in advance), it was a different experience. When we checked in, we were placed on the 2nd floor, which from a view perspective, is terrible. I also booked a suite for 3 people since a friend was going to join us for a few days. However the first room they gave us was totally inappropriate, as there was no separate bedroom. They did move us the next day, but as we found out that night, it was on the 'bar' side of the hotel and being so low, you were woken up each night at 2pm. I was looking for another 'magical' stay, like our first time, but sadly this did not happen. I doubt very much we will stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>SaraS95
<Content>AWFUL!! Stayed at the Custom House with my parents and 2 year old daughter. The pull-out sofa was horrible with metal sticking out and a very thin mattress. When we talked to the front desk about it they laughed and said that was what happens over time to these sofas! - Then someone came and dropped an air mattress on the floor without any assistance. The front desk staff was not helpful at all during our stay. The bathroom is in desparate need of renovation as well and the picture quality in the tv awful - again the staff said that was something that could not be helped. To shorten this whole story this was the worst stay we have ever experienced at a Marriott and we checked out three nights early and moved to the Kimpton property NineZero which we loved. The Custom House is in a charming old building but really needs some updating. The hotel is in a great neighborhood and could be very good but is not today.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>hatchetsup
<Content>Location Good, noise terrible We really enjoyed the location being close to the harbor  North End. Subway entrance right across the circle entrance made it very easy to travel around the city. Unfortunately we were not able to get much sleep due to the noise from the bars located around the hotel. A previous post had warned of the problem, and they were right. It affected us even on the 7th floor. I really liked the area, but might look at the other Marriott property next time. The internet also did not work in our room  we wasted a morning while the engineer worked on the problem. You use your room key for elevator access  our last morning my son  I were locked out of the elevator  our room twice. Front desk was helpful.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>njmom23grls
<Content>Wonderful Stay in Boston! 6/29-7/4/2008       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>fjelstad
<Content>Small children love the Custom House! We stayed at the Custom House from June 29th to July 3rd, 2008. I can't say enough great things about this place. If you can spend the money, stay here with small children! Paid $329 per night on Priceline last -minute for a 1 bedroom suite. Arrived and got a 19th floor harborview 1 bedroom suite which was amazing. 1st time in Boston, traveling with 9 mo old and 4 yr old. Perfect location - Faneuil Hall/Quincy Marketplace, Aquarium/Imax, horsedrawn charriages, trolley and boat tours all within 1-2 blocks. Little Italy, parks with playgrounds within 5 minute walk. Boston Common within 10-12 minutes. T (subway) station and a 24 hr market right out the front door - don't even need to cross the street. Game room with ping pong, air hockey, video games and even a train table (4 yo was in heaven - but BYOT - bring your own trains) on the 24th floor. 26th floor has an observation deck with amazing 360 degree views of city, harbor, accessible ONLY to hotel guests - another awesome perk. Game room has vending machines for snacks and several washers and dryers. Laundry was free to guests and room includes one package of Tide, can buy more at front desk. We did laundry while 4yo played trains! For those without small kids, every evening offered an interesting speaker - wish we could have attended. Downside - breakfast not included, but is offered for a small fee on 1st floor daily. No hotel restaurant, but Faneuil Hall has dozens of restaurants in and out of its food court one-half block away. One tip - best place for baby food and diapers was Rite-aid several blocks away across from City Hall - rest of food could be found at the 24 hr market outside the hotel. Rooms clean enough that I let our 9 mo old crawl on the floor, which I rarely do. Finally, the hotel has their own off-street court for unloading, so no rushed frenzy to load/unload the car and all your stuff with small kids - plenty of space and didn't feel rushed even in peak travel season. Enjoy- this place is wonderful!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>celtic-panther
<Content>Spectacular place, awesome experience !!!! My wife and children stayed at the Custom House for a week; June 6-13, and had a great experience. It is very close to several inexpensive eateries, parks, wharf, harbour, and historic places.The staff; Anna, Norbit, John, Ellen, Chris, and Karen, GO OUT OF THEIR WAY TO ASSIST YOU. Because it is an historic building, there are no large grounds to roam around like many other Marriott ressorts, but you have all of Boston.My three boys ages 16, 13, and 10 loved the arcade/gameroom and proximity to the aquarium and other places. On the 26 floor is an observation deck....you feel like your on the entire state building, neat experience, and the GYM is great...TVs on the treadmils! The Custom House is very very clean. One thing is that there is no pool, BUT you can cross the street to the Marriott long Wharf and use their pool, which we did most evenings...very nice pool, with outside sitting deck!!The Custom House is close to some bars; but nice bars, not dives. It can be a bit noisy on Friday and Sat nights, but request a higer floor, we were on floor 23 and heard NO NOISE from the street. We were there during the Celtic-Laker playoffs and LOVED the excitement in the streets.We took the ferry to procincetown, great day trip, and took a very inexpensive limo tour with Antique limo tours; a 1939 cadalac limo, awesome experience, and cheaper than a trolly tour for a famiy of five, and it was a personal of the city!We booked the Custom House as an exchange and had a perfect vacation. The Italian food in the north end is so good.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>pbi
<Content>Custom-ized Rooms This is an excellent time share property. The room we stayed in on the second floor was refreshingly different. It was a loft suite with the original custom house marble and plaster appointments along with a modern half kitchen. Unlike other reviews, we did not find the furniture to be excessively worn or dated. The 26th floor observation floor was a great feature. The gym on the 25th floor was well equipped and if you feel like a swim you can use the pool at the Long Wharf just across the street. The location is excellent as it is a short walk to Quincy Market and the North End and the Aquarium T stop is right outside the front door. The walk downtown (The Common and Public Garden) is only about 15 minutes. For breakfast try Anthony's Deli about two blocks away across from Columbus Park. And for lunch pick up something at the Golden Goose market in the same direction.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Levtrgrl
<Content>Great property, but not much sleep We stayed for 2 nights while in Boston for the weekend. The rooms are nicely furnished and the views over the harbor are amazing - if you bend over the couch you can see pretty sail boats go by. Wow! There's lots of space, not much of a kitchen but there's so many places to eat nearby. We highly recommend the falafel in Quincy market, the flavor of which you can savor for hours afterwards. You can also spend $80 on 5 minutes worth of oysters, worth every penny. The food at the Custom House is to die for, they have hard boiled eggs and waffles, which is a good because it's impossible to find a breakfast place nearby. The concierge said the nearest good breakfast restaurant was in New York City. I found that hard to believe, I think maybe she was new to concierging. The best part of our stay was the late night entertainment. From the room you can see real drunkards in the streets below, fist fights, people falling over, girls yelling at each other, and actual arrests made by real live policement in big vans. Since I live in the country, this was better than TV, and I was kept up until 3 am by the sirens and the intense action. There is no extra charge for the entertainment. The 6am foghorn is an added bonus if you're an early riser. If it's not foggy you might need to book a wake up call. The view from the top of the building is fantastic, well worth the long elevator journey. But then elevators are a passion of mine so having to take 2 different ones to get to the top gave twice the opportunity for fun. Oh yeah!I would stay here again but I'd bring ear plugs if I wanted to sleep. Lucky I didn't want to sleep this time.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>klrapp
<Content>wonderful!!! A great location, staff and room!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RolloOrlando_Florida
<Content>Surrounded by drunks... Spent a week here on a timeshare exchange and have stayed at other Marriott 'resorts' so I know what to expect. The old building is nice to look at; a distinctive hallmark in financial district of Boston and a great location overall from which to walk all over town. Central location both good and bad as what's near in addition to the Harbor, Aquarium, and shopping are noisy, obese tourists, and hordes of buffoonish locals, typically seen either smoking and/or eating, many in various stages of inebriation, (much WORSE at night), wearing Celtics/Red Sox apparel, with shaved heads and multiple tattoos. Local males are just as offensive in appearance. The rooms at the Customs House are large but with typically cheap Marriott furnishings and amenities. For example, there are no glasses in the bathroom and the shampoo/soap are decidedly downscale. Gym on 25th floor is adequate and that term just about describes the entire experience. Activities at the property are typically outsourced and do not expect to get anything useful without paying for it, e.g., no free Internet access, overpriced continental breakfast offerings, exorbitant valet parking charges, only McPaper for morning reading, and limited housekeeping service. You can, however, watch old movies and free TV in a 'special' lounge. Staff very helpful and amiable overall. Were I not able to trade for this space I would never pay what room costs at retail, upwards of 400.00 per night. For those planning to visit and stay in Boston there are probably many more comfortable hotels (Hilton Financial District is one I would recommend) but the downside is that you'll still be in Boston. Go Yankees!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>OP87
<Content>A great visit We had a fabulous time in Boston for 3 days!The Custom House was a very interesting place to stay. The rooms were beautiful and very large. It was great to have a little kitchen area as we had 2 kids with us. I would stay there again anytime.However, I was a little befuddled why it was rated so highly for children. There is no pool, the game room is a bit lame, and there is no room service or restaurant. The nightlife outside our windows was extremely loud, very late into the night. Our children are not small, so it wasn't too much of an issue for us personally but I found it strange that it is the number 1 rated hotel for children.The elevators were challenging sometimes and if you were staying on the higher rooms or wanted to use the game room, or observation deck you have to change elevators, which were extremely slow. Overall we had a great time, the service was outstanding, the architecture of hotel was so fascinating and beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RCDC98
<Content>Great Spot for a Family Trip We stayed at the Custom House for one night on a quick family vacation. We chose this hotel primarily for its location. Despite being told there was a 4 pm check in time, our room was ready when we arrived at noon. Our original room was located on the second floor, which would have required traveling up and down two small staircases to reach the room. As we planned on using our stroller for most of the trip, we requested another room without stairs. Our request was handled quickly and politely. We made several special requests, including late checkout and extra parking time, which were handled in a similar manner. The staff we dealt with were all extremely courteous and we were very impressed. The hotel itself is beautiful and the location ideal, directly adjacent to Fanueil Hall. The rooms are clean and attractive, and the observation deck, which we visited both during the day and after dark, shouldn't be missed. The kitchenette is a great feature for anyone traveling with small children who need a home base to refrigerate food and serve meals. The street noise, which we read about in reviews, is very audible, but we didn't find late night noise from the bar crowd to be a problem, although our stay took place on a weeknight. The only small disappointment was the fact that the cold breakfast available in the hotel was not included in the room price (which, with taxes and fees, was over $400). Although we received paperwork on timeshare presentations, and there are signs and notices about them in the room and on hotel documents, we did not feel any pressure to attend a presentation.We would definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great location and isn't overly concerned with price.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MagicFlute
<Content>Great place to stay Have stayed here before. This visit didn't disappoint. The staff here are always helpful. There were 4 of us on this occasion. Good value for money  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cath999
<Content>Wonderful, characterful hotel       Looking upwards from reception  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sierrashoo
<Content>A Classic! This is was our fourth visit to the Custom House towers. This time we traveled with my sister and her family. As always, this hotel is just the best for travel with kids. The game room, observatory deck -- even the rotunda in the lobby all provide spaces for people to gather and enjoy each other's company. Plus there is a lot to do right outside the hotel door which, especially for older teens makes for a happy trip!Try to book one of the suites that ends in 02 -- those are most definitely the best rooms in the house, but all are unique and very spacious in their design.My only complaint (and it's a small one) is that over the years, some of the fabric on the chairs and couches are starting to show the wear. Also, what happened to the Boston Globe?Thanks, Custom House, for yet another fantastic weekend!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Maine-ah
<Content>Delightful find What a find! Had two suites for ladies getaway weekend. Found after a search on Marriott website, rooms only $193 a night with AAA discount. I know March is slow, but this is a fabulous price for the quality of the facilities and its location. Aquarium T entrance outside the hotel, The Black Rose also right next door, and barely a block to Quincy Market/Fanueil Hall area. Being on the 6th floor, there was some revelry noise from the street late Saturday night (including bagpipers!), but not enough to disturb us too much. We were there the weekend before St. Patrick's Day; it must be wild for the actual holiday! Positives of the room: linens, bath products, spacious living area and kitchenette with coffee, blender, dishes, toaster, etc. Comfortable king bed, typically uncomfortable sofa bed (but I've been on much worse.) One slight negative was the size of the kitchenette - barely enough counter space to slice cheese on, and there really isn't any freezer space in fridge, only tall enough for an ice tray. As long as you don't plan on keeping things frozen (like we had), it's not problem. Ice machine located on upper floor. Encounters with staff were outstanding, from the front desk to the concierge to bellmen to housekeeping. Wonderful security in that you must use room keycard to access elevator and, after 10:00 pm, the hotel entrance. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>plechadores
<Content>Nice Big Rooms (1 Bedroom Suite)       Living Room  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	5	4	1	

<Author>lumbab
<Content>Wow!!!       hotel from the wharf area  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>javabean7052
<Content>As wonderful as I had hoped it would be       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>vb22
<Content>A Gem in the heart of Boston       Faneuil Hall and Markets  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BONNYDublinIreland
<Content>Magical time at The Marriott We travelled from Dublin Ireland on our first visit to Boston.The Custom House Marriott was a great choice of hotel.The two separate rooms were ideal as I travelled with my husband and our 16 year old daughter. The fact that there were two TVs helped us all keep our sanity. The kitchen was very well equiped and meant we could help ourselves to breakfast. Housekeeping was excellent with lots of fresh towels. The location of hotel coiuld not have been better.Lots of great places to eat locally. Bertuccis Italian restaurant near Faneuil Hall was a great value lunch venue. We also had a lovely meal at Houstons. A Visit to the North End is well worth while.Here you will find lots of Italian resuarants with great atmosphere and value for money.Our visit to Top of The Hub at the Prudential Centre was also very special. We managed to get a window Table and both the view and the food were excellent. (though a little expensive).  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MOnica9
<Content>Superb! This was an absolutely excellent place to stay! A beautiful historical building converted to a suite hotel. Amazing harbor view from our room on the 14th floor, and even better views from the observation deck on the 26th.There is also a well equippped fitness room on the 25th floor.The suite was a 1-bedroom with kitchenette and a dining table with 4 chairs. The location is also excellent near Fanieul Hall and the harbor. There are also several T-staions nearby.This was our first visit to Boston and we loved it. Can't wait to go back, and we will definitly stay at the Custom House again!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MJMoore
<Content>Best place to stay in Boston       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MyrtleRaleigh
<Content>Great place!!!!!! Great place and in a great location. There is no food service but it was not a problem. It would have been nice to be in a higher room but we were not time share owners. Overall, we had an excellent time and would highly recommend it. We traveled by subway and could not have been in a better location.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>detjason
<Content>Unique and Wonderful Although I researched and read the previous reviews, I was still overwhelmed with this property. The building is a historical landmark and has a special feel to it because of its history and uniqueness.It is the only Marriott timeshare in a big city. I cant emphasize enough what a great location this is, within steps of so many things. Quincy Market, with at least 25 restaurants is steps away. Subway stops, aquarium, children's museum, and many other attractions close by. Not only do you not need a car, you really dont want one ($36 parking fees).I have stayed at 12 different Marriott timeshares and this one is really a gem. Although all of the rooms are only 1 bedroom (as opposed to 2) with a separate living and sleeping rooms, and dining table, the rooms seem so much bigger. They indicate 650 square feet, but I think ours was bigger. The kitchenette has a microwave, medium size refrigerator, sink and all plates and silverware (no stove). Not only is every room a view room, I think many have two views because there are only 4 rooms per floor (4 corner rooms). Therefore, our living room had two huge windows facing one direction and our huge bedroom window faced another. It felt like a penthouse suite.Usually, if I ever come back to a location, I try to stay in a different hotel to get a different experience. But if I ever come to Boston, I will do my best to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Mayhem
<Content>Experience Historic Boston at Marriott's Custom House       King bedroom  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Irish_Are_Best
<Content>Excellent Custom House Stayed here end of March early April for a week end with 2 children.Very impressed with the hotel and the location.Staying with children for a week end we did not worry about the lack of full blown restaurant facilities as we got what we needed for breakfast across the road and used the mini kitchen in the room. Next time in Boston I will be staying in this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>awdub
<Content>not a full service hotel - but nice rooms, and a very good value This really isn't a true hotel, so has a few limitations - but it is still very impressive, especially for the price.Limitations, first: no restaurant, so no room service (local restaurants apparently deliver); no minibar, and an uninspiring bar downstairs; no bathrobes; windows are wonderfully big, but because of their size and the age of the building, are very noisy in high winds (my room faced away from the bars on a rainy Tuesday, so I can't speak as to others' noise problems).Now the plusses, which far outweigh the minuses. First the service was efficient and very friendly. Second, the building itself is quite stunning - the rotunda (best viewed from the second floor) is beautiful, the counting room adjacent to the uninspiring bar is very relaxing, and the private observation deck (outdoors and indoors, on all sides) at the top of the tower is spectacular. The hotel does a good job of showcasing the building's historical heritage with signs and displays. Third, my suite was nicely-sized, well furnished and clean, with very high ceilings, and a well-equipped kitchenette (dishes, etc. for four, and even a toaster and blender) - it would work very well for a small family. Fourth, free high-speed (not wireless, but via a cord in the living room) glitch-free internet.When I booked it, this property was considerably less expensive than others in the area - given the size of the suite and the historical nature of the building, it was a tremendous bargain. If the minuses listed above don't bother you, I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>barnhok
<Content>Memorable hotel, great location       Room 102--our clutter!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SIXIRON1946
<Content>great place to stay We stayed at the Boston Customs House for four days over the St. Patrick's Day weekend. The location is superb and the building is fabulous. We stayed as a time share trade through Interval International. The unit (bedroom and separate living area) were very nice. The staff was very helpful and professional. All in all it was a great stay. I would choose it again for my next trip to Boston. I give it a high recommendation, especially if you are staying for more than a couple of days. There is cozy bar on the 2nd level and a European breakfeast served (small charge). It is within walking distance of many restaurants and pubs. Recommend the Ruth Chris Steakhouse located in the Old Boston City Hall a couple of blocks away -- great food and beautiful setting.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NJTraveler74
<Content>Great stay, wonderful architecture This is a true gem. They have done a great job preserving the features of the Customs House. The rooms were huge and comfortable. There were full kitchens and a seperated bedroom for comfort. It was also 2 blocks from Fanueil Hall. Can't beat the location.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UKCowgirl
<Content>Excellent location! Customs House has the 'feel' of a five star hotel, with attentive, pleasant staff and the beauty of an excellent landmark building, with solid walls, huge windows, marble windowsills. Our room was so very comfortable, with crisp sheets and towels and obviously excellent housekeeping.We loved our views of the market , the harbour and the North Church. Going to the observation deck was a treat. The location was the best, as described by others. We, too, could hear noise,on the 7th floor, but nothing that one wouldn't hear in any major city. It certainly did not wake us up or keep us awake. Would we stay here again? Absolutely!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>murph155
<Content>The noise, noise noise, noise! Although the Hotel is centrally located to Boston's tourist district (Quincy Market and the Waterfront) and the structure and rooms were attractive and clean, I could not recommend this hotel in a million years! I had already booked the hotel when I read some tripadvisor reviews about the NOISE from the streets that was heard in the rooms but I took a shot and kept the reservation. What a mistake!!! The noise from the streets was ridicuously intrusive. No more so than when the neighboring bars (Several of them surround the hotel) let out at 2:00 a.m.! It sounded as if we were in the middle of a stadium with thousands of people around us. When things finally quited down a bit (around 2:30 -- 3:00 a.m.) and my wife and I thought we might finally get to sleep large trucks (I assumed sanitation vehicles) rolled in and kept us up for another 30 minutes! I would call the stay a nightmare but you actually have to get to sleep to have a night mare! Why couldn't they invest in some soundproofing and new sound reducing windows??? I would be shocked to learn that this hotel ever has a return visitor. If part of your expected experience in a hotel is to get some rest, any rest!...DONT STAY HERE!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jmcb
<Content>Perfect for Family Stayed here with husband and two teenage children for 4 days at start of November. Picked this hotel after extensive research and the reviews on Trip Advisor. Was not disappointed. Our room was on the 8th floor (I had requested higher but I believe these are kept for the Marriott timeshare people). Now, this is a Club Hotel residence - no restuarant and no real bar to speak off. This suited us perfectly. Room was a one bedroom suite at rate of 299 dollars a night. Bedroom not that large with slight view of harbour. Living area had pull out queen sofa which was perfectly adequate for the kids and a lovely little kitchen area was was perfect for making coffee and breakfast smoothies (have to add that kitchen is pretty well stocked with appliances). 2 Tvs also. Staff unobtrusvie but room always well cleaned. Lounge on frist floor served buffet breakfast in morning but with Quincy market just across road there is no need to eat in hotel. Downside is that the Black Rose pub across the road can get quite noisy at night and it is about a 10 to 15 minutes walk to Newbury street or the italian quarter. On the plus though it is just beside the harbour with all its lovely restaurants and right beside a T stop. All in all I found this hotel perfect for our needs - that of a family of four. Also, the kids were able to use the Pool in the Custom Harbour (Wharfside) for free as it is a sister hotel. Would be very happy to recommend this hotel. Regards, Dublin Trip Advisor Member  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>blasketisland
<Content>Value hotel with great location in Boston Just a quick review of this hotel. Offers great value in a great location, right next door to Quincy Market. Stayed here in Dec 06. Paid the standard 225$ and as we were travelling from Ireland this translated to about 32% less due the the currency at the time, so we thought it was good value. We had a loft style room on the second floor. We loved it. Pop down to Quincy for some smashing food within ten secs of the front door of the hotel. THe T is also right outside the hotel door across the street, which is a great bonus for getting around town. The free internet access was great too. We didnt use the bar or dining room in the hotel as we ate out mostly, so I cant comment on that personally, but did hear others praising it. Anyone looking for a great location and hotel in Boston should check this place out.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>texan75225
<Content>Excellent Location, First Trip To Boston I booked this property based on Trip Advisor reviews.We booked two nights at the Customs House.Was only disappointed in the fact that the room was not as great as it could have been. Upon booking directly with the hotel, I requested a high floor, harbor view as it was my family's first trip to Boston.Called again before departure to make this request, but sadly was given a mediocre room and the only harbor view was a tiny port-hole of a window from the master bedroom.Overall, the room was not bad. There was a decent-sized bathroom between the master bedroom and sitting room (with sofa pull-out). There was a small kitchenette area and a small round dining table. The traditional decor was sort of blah.However, the location was the best. We had a rental car as we were looking at colleges. It was easy to drive in and out with good valet service. The hotel, being a landmark, was easy to find when driving in the city. Also, it was easy to get onto the freeway from the hotel.For walking around the city, the hotel was perfect. It was in a safe, upscale area of downtown near many of the major sights. I felt safe walking with my family at night for dining. I felt safe walking in the afternoon with my daughter shopping.I was pleased and would stay here again based on the wonderful location, and ease of getting to different areas in the city and out of the city. I also thought the rate was decent.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TripLover321
<Content>Overpriced, needs renovations Stayed in October for a weekend at the Marriott Custom House. Staff was pleasant and accomodating, personable and always smiling. However, the room was substandard. For the price, I expected a bit more. The decord was dated. Aside from a not particularly comfortable bed, my main complaint was that there was a stain on the carpet. I don't even want to know what the stain was! Overall, a fine stay. I'm just surprised that this hotel has not updated all of its rooms.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rmddy
<Content>Nice get-away weekend We stayed at the Custom House for a trip to Fenway Park. I thought the hotel was great with plenty of space for the 4 of us guys. It is located in a great location for nightlife activities and I didn't notice a lot of disturbance from the bar crowd. Probably because we were some of the last to leave. It is located convieniently close to the subway and we had easy access to Fenway. We didn't use the Subway much because Boston is a great walking city with many attractions located close to the Custom House. The hotel staff were very friendly and were quick to accomadate us with a bunk bed and other requests as needed. We had a bit of a rainy weekend but managed to get the game in. I think the area would have been hopping a lot more if it would have been a sunny weekend.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sweet_Tea2
<Content>Nice find My DH and I just returned from a trip to Boston. We stayed 2 nights at the Custom House. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We requested a crib for our 2-year-old, and it was in the room when we arrived. We stayed on the 21st floor....the noise level is still high at that level. I found that it does help some to pull the heavy drapes closed. But if you are at all sensitive to noise, you might be better off staying in a more residential area of Boston.I would stay there again. It's a convenient location. The rooms are very nice and roomy...and roominess is hard to come by in a big city.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NYTraveler11
<Content>Okay hotel, Did not live up to expectations... We stayed at this hotel Columbus Day weekend with our two children and basically it was not worth the money we spent. The location: excellent, walkable to the Aquarium, right near Quincy Market and coffee/bagel shops. The lobby: nice lobby, friendly check -in staff and it was a very quick check-in. The room: When I called I had requested a room as high up as possible, we ended up on the 6th floor. Not a big deal, but dissapointing just the same. When we first walked in, we were happy about the size of the living room area, there was a table with four chairs, a little kitchen area with a sink and lots of cabinets, dishes, coffee pot, and microwave and refridgerator. The bedroom was tiny, barely enough room to get around the bed which we thought was hard and not very comfortable. The pull out couch was awful, our two kids slept on it, but the mattress was bent and dipped down in the center. The bathroom was okay, nice size, but could use some updating, The whole room needed to be repainted as the paint was just chipped off in a lot of areas throughout, the worst part of the room was the filthy carpets, they either need to be steam cleaned or totally replaced. After walking around in our room in clean white socks (one person had grey socks on) we noticed that the bottom of our socks were black. It was pretty disgusting. For $385 a night and $365 (AAA discount) a night, we would expect a cleaner room and a better maintained room. We would not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>chas1954
<Content>Pefect Spot for exploring Boston we have stayed at the Marriott Custom House several times, starting back when it first opened. Each stay has been memorable, and we look forward to our next visit in November for thanksgiving.Everything is perfect at this property. It is a small distance to anywhere in town, and the area around the Custom House has grown, so there are a few places to eat within a block ( there isn't a restaurant on site)Overall you cannot miss.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jodibeth
<Content>Great Hotel But Beware Do Not Stay on the Second Floor We loved our 1-bed room suite and had a wonderful time... EXCEPT the noise from the street---- I didn't sleep at all and in fact we cut our trip short and left a day early. We were on the second floor and heard EVERYTHING outside from screaming kids to horns beeping all night long. I wish I had read the prior e-mail regarding outside noise, I would have asked for a room located much higher. The concierge was extremely helpful and very nice. The workout room was very small but it had very good aerobic machines to use and was very clean.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mojitoland
<Content>Another Excellent Marriott Experience My wife and I live near Boston and decided to stay in town last week at the Marriott Custom House using a Marriott timeshare week. My wife took the week off and I commuted OUT of Boston via subway and car to my office since I wasnt able to get the time off (what a breeze to be in the opposite direction of the heavy traffic both ways!), returning evenings to enjoy the city activities. I parked at the Sullivan Square T stop and took the T back to the hotel each night for under $10 combined parking/subway fare per day. We've found it to always be a pleasure to stay at Marriott Vacation Club properties and this one is certainly top notch. The close proximity to popular sites easily allows one to run back with purchases or grab a jacket, hop onto the T or find a cab. The harbor view is spectacular and we had an elegant 12th floor full harbor front unit from which to see the boats and city lights. An easy stoll accross the street to the Marriott Long Wharf gave us access to the harborview indoor pool and outside deck.For dining we enjoyed the very inexpensive but delicious choices at Quincy Market and both Legal Seafood or the historic Union Oyster House offer wonderful seafood a few steps away. A highlight of our week was learning our way around the nearby North End with its array of Italian eateries. Mike's Pastry is not to be missed for mouthwatering yet inexpensive delicacies!!!! The sales staff at Custom House was the most helpful and low key I've seen and in our experience Marriott time share reps are the most professional. Their evening owner seminars on maximizing the Interval time-share and Marriott Rewards Points programs were outstanding. It seemed like even long-time Vacation Club owners learned something new there. Thanks Tim!We look forward to returning for another relaxing in-town vacation sometime and will certainly be checking into the Custom House when we do.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheLintner
<Content>almost perfect Location, room, comfort, style. This hotel is one of the top we have stayed in. The big king size bed, the 2 tv's the welcome kit was great. When we checked in I told reception, is this room high enough that the street noise won't affect us. They said we should be ok. Well, I don't know if the Stanley Cup or the World Series could be won in the summer but it felt like it. Wow, party animals! Fine but don't tell me the 6th floor should be OK when in fact it is one of the lowest floor...Woke the family up...Beware, ask for better than 6th floor, at least on a Saturday night. Also, bring your own food, no room service at all...Otherwise, Boston is such a great place and the hotel was very comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>MJWJ
<Content>Exceeded Our Expectations This review is like so many I read before making a reservation at the Custom House - our stay totally exceeded our expectations. Our family of 4 (including 2 young children) stayed for 3 nights. The location was amazing - literally on top of Fanuel Hall and the waterfront area. Our room had amazing views and the room was a one-bedroom suite with a kitchenette with plates, glasses, etc., 2 tvs, large bathroom and tub, lots of closet space....we had friends stop by and there was plenty of room to entertain. The game room and exercise room were much better than I anticipated and having FREE laundry was a bonus (did I mention free?!). Yet another bonus was that continental breakfast was served for a minimal fee - $2.50 for a Belgian waffle was the highest price. They do not have room service. Also a lovely bar for drinks. We will never stay anywhere else when we return to Boston annually. We did miss having pay movies. It is a Vacation Club Timeshare property so you will get a call about that but they weren't pushy or bothersome. FYI - apparently they hold the higher floors for timeshare owners so they can't guarantee a high floor.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KenVicLee
<Content>Beware the Peregrine Falcons The acclaim is universal; the service, the location, the rooms. What no one has mentioned is the birds!After a week in Maine we needed just one night for a family of four. When I asked the Marriott Waterfront if there was an alternative to renting two seperate rooms at their hotel for my wife, me and two college aged daughters, they recommended the suites in the Custom House, 650 sq. ft. of room. And the price was right, only $315.00 a night. We could not possibly have imagined how delightful the stay would be. We occupied one of only two rooms on the 21st floor, each a suite occupying half the footprint of the building. I believe our floor was the only one that had private balconies. Not one but two overlooking Boston. But back to the birds, posted on the door of each balacony was a warning that the building was the site of a peregrine falcon nest and sure enough, we shared the 21st floor with these beautiful birds. While one daughter read on a ledge 21 floors above the bustling town, the other daughter was busily photographing the falcons in their comings and goings. At one point the obviously unfazed falcons were seen working over a crab they had caught in the harbor, all of about 30 feet away. Our entire stay was more than we could have expected but the highlight was our neighbors. Don't forget to look up when you are sight seeing on the 26th floor because you might see the real tenants of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Getzmrt
<Content>Awesome Hotel We loved this hotel! The location was incredible, next to Quincy Market  Fanuel Hall. The T stop was just outside the door and all of downtown was in walking distance. The suite was beautiful, with all of the amenities. The staff was friendly and helpful. We also enjoyed the view from the top floor and our teenagers loved the game room.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>warrenks
<Content>Great Location! We just returned from one night at the Custom House (July 16th, 2006) and were very pleased. Because we checked in later in the afternoon there were no rooms left on the upper floors so we stayed in a loft room on the second floor. The room was very spacious and the loft concept was great for a family of 4 which includes two older teenagers. The location is perfect, close by to shopping and restaurants in Quincy Market. The hotel staff were polite and knowledgeable about where to dine and shop. The observation deck on the 26th floor affords spectacular views of Boston and the harbor. Noise was not an issue at all, we even commented on how quiet it was outside as compared to other hotels we have stayed in in other major cities, although we were there on a Sunday night. We stopped by the Westin Waterfront first, but after getting a quote of $100.00 less per night over the phone through central reservations which the front desk clerk said he couldn't match, even after checking with his manager, we went on to the Custom House which gladly honored the rate quoted by Marriott's central reservations. We are glad we did, as the hotel and it's location are both wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LSBurdett
<Content>Agreement I just wanted to write a quick review of the Custom House. We stayed on the fifth floor and also were bothered by noise from folks coming out of the bars and cars honking at them on Saturday night. Sunday, Monday and Tuesday nights wasn't a problem. We also appreciated the free washer and dryers available at the hotel. Otherwise we concur with the other recent reviews.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>David777
<Content>Great location Stayed two nights at the Marriott Custom House and it certainly lives up to its earlier postive reviews in Trip Advisor. Superb location right next door to Aquarium subway station - two stops down from the Airport. Within a short walking distance of Freedom Trail and old market area where there are many restaurants / cafes and food halls - particularly recommend the lobster rolls and clam chowder. Boston harbour about 5 mins walk from hotel. Make sure you go to the top of the tower and see the 360 degree viewing platform - fantastic views of Boston and surrounding area. Restoration of Custom House has been carried out very well - keeping many of the original features including Counting Room and original internal dome. Make sure you ask for a higher floor room though - the hotel area is surrounded by several bars which can be noisy at closing time - and preferably a view towards Boston harbour - you can see the planes taking off and landing in the distance from Logan airport plus the boats coming in and out of the harbour. Highly recommend the Freedom Trail although currently badly signposted where they've recently buried the Interstate road - don't bother trying to see the Bunker Hill monumment in Charlestown - its closed for refurbishment!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrw89144
<Content>Great Time at the Custome House         
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing service - great location The Custom House was amazing. Our room was a huge suite, just as pictured on the website. Our room was 1 of 2 located on the first floor. This room is basicly in a museum. You walk up one level from the lobby into the Peabody Essex Museum, turn left - and there was our suite. The staff at this hotel was phenominal, answering any and all questions. The front desk staff was also very helpful with late night dining suggestions. I tried to tip one particularly helpful member of the staff when we checked out - and he respectfully declined. The location is perfect, and literally adjacent to the aquarium subway stop.To prevent confusion: I had seen some other reviews that said daily maid service was an extra fee. This is only if you are using timeshare points to pay for your room. If you reserve through the marriott website and pay a nightly rate, there is free maid service just like any other hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LaneTrane
<Content>Couldn't have been better What can I say? Historical, beautifully decorated, emaculate, excellent service all the way around (shout out to Troy at the bell desk), observation deck, centrally located, etc etc etc. We stayed in a 1BR 1 BA suite that was spacious and comfortable. The bed was incredible and the bathroom was something you would find in a home not a hotel. Plus it was very well priced. The downside? I was only in town for a day, I wish it was a week.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Winner My wife, sixteen-year-old daughter and I stayed for three nights, April 17-20. We loved it. The facility has the weighty feel of history and that's a wonderful asset in historic Boston. The suite was very nice and we loved the location; steps from Quincy Market, Boston Massacre site, State House and Freedom Trail etc. Boston is a walking city and the Custom House is a great stepping off point. It's nice to return to at the end of the walk also. My family is clamoring to return and I'm certain we will. Note-hotel parking is costly; on-street parking in the area however is very difficult. Perhaps investigate local, cheaper, overnight parking. Once in the Custom House you will probably walk to most destinations.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we loved the Marriotts Custom House did find the noise on Thur to Sat We loved the Marriotts Custom House did find the noise on Thursday, Friday and Saturday Night but we are going back again in October 2006 staff excellent room very clean, so near everything. We are so looking forward to returning. I hope to get a Harbour view this time and High floor so I do not hear the noise, but so what it is only for the few nights  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lizrogatz
<Content>Even Better Than Expected! We chose the Custom House for our stay with our daughters based on reviews we read on this site. We thought the hotel even exceeded our expectations. The suite was spacious and very nicely appointed. The bathroom large and clean. The decor lovely. But, even better than all of that was the location! With young children the location is absolutely ideal. Would highly recommend this hotel to families. Would stay here again on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ancientmackem
<Content>Custom Fit Booked 3 day stay with friend for Boston visit. We liked it so much we stayed for extra 2 days. As we wanted to sleep separately - settee couch bed in Lounge area enabled each to sleep in a separate room. The small kitchen facility with microwave also proved useful for breakfast at beginning of day and for eating 'take away' food when weary with museums and Heritage Trail.  As a converted building from Boston's past it is very central (80 yards from Quincy's Market and trail) and next to Long Wharf. The quality of the building indicates its importance to the past and the conversion works well. It has a gym with comprehensive equipment - but sadly much equipment broken at the time of our visit.Room heating in bedroom not working and required 3 reminders before they said it couldn't be fixed and offered room transfer. Never the less a very enjoyable stay at a reasonable price - (for major city centre).  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful I am tardy in my reveiw of this property but found myself bragging about it to friends this weekend and thought I should make my positive feedback official. This is a beautiful property! The location is excellent! The staff is wonderful! Our suite had a roomy living area, and an adequate bedroom and bathroom. Since this is a resort, there are planned activities every day if you wish to participate. The fitness room is nice.The building itself is so beautiful and historic, it is hard to believe you are staying there. There was tour in the lobby when we left one day. It wasn't instrusive, it was neat.We will certainly stay there on our next trip to Boston!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>howard2004
<Content>Good Choice Was pleased with this Marriott Vacation Club location.Same price as many hotel rooms. Had a 1 bedroom on 23rd floor. (Helped with street noise). A historic building that's a stones throw from Faniuel Hall (spelling?) the Aquarium and the T line. Clean, with helpful staff. Needed a new remote and blankets, both delivered quickly. Breakfast not worth it here, but walk over to Quincey Markets, and have an inexpensive meal. Room had small living/kitchen area, small bath and small bedroom (Private) . 2 tv's, vcr and dvd.Games and free pool table and small air hockey in game room. It was freezing while we were there, so location was important as long walks were out of the question. Took the orange trolley buses. Good deal for getting around to tourist stops. But the t is really close. Parking is a major rip-off, in good weather I would have looked for a cheaper spot and walked to hotel. But they had me due to cold at $35/night for valet. See the USS Constitution. Great for history or boat lovers. Free, but give a donation.IMAX was also enjoyed by my 10 year old. This was is in 3D.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BarefootTom
<Content>So good, I am headed back next week This place is tops. As a business traveler, I get a little jaded -- after all, one Marriott is just like the other, right? WRONG!This place is clean, quiet (don't know what the bad reviews about noise were all about) and the staff puts the personnel at a Ritz-Carlton to shame!First it's much like staying in a national monument. The architecture is outstanding and the building, put up in 1847, is solid as a rock (read quiet). I never heard my neighbor during three days there.The top three floors: Game room/laundry with the inner workings of the huge clock, workout area and then the observation deck are incredible.The staff does whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied -- in fact, elated -- with your experience there. Karen, the concierge, looked up all the information I needed and then, learning that my wife is coming back with me next week, called her at home and gave her the proper web sites to check on attractions before she arrived in Boston. It was her idea, not mine. The front desk is always asking if more can be done for you.There's no pool or restaurant, but you have privileges at the Marriott Long Wharf, two blocks away.I AM going back to the Custom House next week. I can't imagine staying anywhere else when in Boston.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Custom House Marriott Most Enjoyable Spent a great weekend in Boston two weeks ago, and stayed at the Custom House Marriott! Great historical bldg, updated by Marriott, to a great place to stay. Staff very friendly and helpful. Restaurant a short block away--also Marriott--beautifully appointed rooms, decent gym, and! a rooftop tower observation deck that will take your breath away! 360 degree views of Boston and surround.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I feel like i'm home Custom House Marriott is the best hotel for any one travelling to Boston! Whether you are a business traveller or vacation with your family, the hotel offers very spacious rooms (size of a small 1 bedroom appartment, with a separate bathroom, bedroom and livingroom/kitchen). The rooms are very clean. With 2 TVs we were able to enjoy our TV shows while the kids watched their show in the other room. Hotel also contains:- Gym- Washing machines - Play room (pool table and video games)The hotel is close to restaurants, pubs, tourist attractions and great shopping. I travel to Boston very often and I love staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Happy 4th of July in Boston!! I had to write when I read all the negative reviews about the rowdiness and noise at the Custom House. Hey folks the resort is in the center of the city, you have to expect a little noise. I have stayed in New Orleans and Chicago in the past few years and guess what, they are noisy too. New Orleans was even kind of scary. The Custom House actually used to be the custom house where the government collected tariffs on ships' cargo. Marriott has converted it into a timeshare hotel. The building is the oldest skyscraper in Boston and the architecture is pretty cool. The units are relatively small and lack full kitchens, but are well appointed. The staff keeps them spotless. The views of Boston harbor from the higher floors are spectacular. The resort offers organized activities for guests every day. We last stayed there 4th of July week and there was plenty to do in Boston. The Pops concert and fireworks on the Esplanade are fantastic. Resort guests have access to an awesome pool at the Marriott hotel across the street. The resort is adjacent to Faneuil Hall and across the street from the aquarium. There is a subway station literally outside the front door. You won't need a car because you can walk or take the subway nearly everywhere in the city. There are great restaurants in the North End, a ten minute walk from the resort. The staff is friendly and very helpful. If you like to visit the city, you will have a wonderful vacation at the Custom House.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Families We stayed at the Custom House and used it as our base for exploring the New England area for a week. This is actually a vacation property and the rooms are very spacious with a living area that has a dining table, kitchenette (with silverware, plates, bowls, glasses, mirowave, toaster, and sink)and sofa bed, plenty of closet space and a large separate master bedroom. This was the perfect size for our family of 4. We were also looking at the Residence Inn in Cambridge, but we are very happy we chose the Custom House. It is across the street from Quincy Marketplace (restaurants, stores etc), there is a subway station right outside the front door and a 24 Store (for snacks and other groceries) next to the subway entrance.Boston is a great walking town and this is right in the old part of Boston so most everything is within a 10-20 minute walk. The streets are safe to walk even at night and there is plenty to do. The Quincy Marketplace has lots of food places and is good for people watching. The Staff at the hotel was great and responded to our requests for extra towels etc.. very promptly, the rooms are very clean and they take care to keep it that way throughout your stay. There is a game room at the top of the hotel with a pool table, air hockey table and foosball table. There is also a laundry area (free to guests except for detergent). The view from the observation deck is also worth the effort especially at night. There is no pool, but they allow you to use the pool at a sister property across the street (we did not need a pool since we were on the go most of the time and the boys relaxed in the game room). The hotel breakfast buffet in the morning has a limited selection of breads, fruit etc for a reasonable cost. We chose to just get some food from the 24 store or the farmer's market near Quincy Marketplace and used the refrigerator to store things for breakfast and for snacks.Every room has a view, the higher the room the better the view (we stayed on the 11th floor). As for noise from the bars in the area this is only an issue on Friday and Saturday and the higher you are the less noise there is. We had a couple of small fans to create white noise so the street noise was never really an issue. Overall a great stay and we would highly recommend the Custom House.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>katyc
<Content>Nice room, but very noisy late at night We just returned from a weekend at the Custom House. Our request for a room that did not face Faneuil Hall or the Black Rose was accommodated, but we were still awakened on Saturday night at 2am (when the bars close) by loud and drunk people walking by. The noise went on for over an hour, and our toddler was NOT happy. The property is lovely, the suite was very nice and spacious, and the staff was friendly. But they need to invest in soundproof windows!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flsurg
<Content>Great place to anchor your trip We just returned from a week at the Marriott Custom House. We were on the 7th floor and only heard street noises one night. If you are a light sleeper maybe this would bother you but we loved the location. We walked everwhere. We never took a cab once we got to the hotel. The trips out of town were taken on the subway system. Went to JFK Library and did the Quincy Adams House tours using the subway system.Would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Harpy
<Content>Fantastic Stay at The Marriott Custom House, Boston       Marriott Custom House, Boston  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Criticaltraveller
<Content>Great Location BUT.... Even though I was on the 23rd floor I heard the sounds from the street which included car horns, ambulances, and people laughing! I can't imagine what the lower floors might hear! The condos are small, no counter space in the bathroom, bedroom small. But, if you don't mind a little closeness, you can't beat the location - near all tourist attractions and commerce. The architecture alone makes it worth staying here for a very unusual experience.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Custom House I recently stayed at the Marriott Custom House (March 19 - March 22, 2005) for a long weekend family vacation in Boston. I have two small children and was very comfortable at the Custom House. While I did not see any other families at the hotel, the Custom House staff could not have been friendlier and more accomodating. We were offered a crib, a roll away bed - whatever we needed. The room (or one bedroom suite/villa with kitchen) was clean and spacious. We had a gorgeous view of Boston Harbor from the master bedroom and the living area over looked Fanieul Hall. Despite other reviews about the noise from Fanieul Hall and problems with heating - we did not encounter either. In fact just the opposite. The concierge and front desk staff was extremely helpful. The parking was convenient - we had our car on a moment's notice. Our stay was so enjoyable - I look forward to staying there again. It is conveniently located to many attractions. We walked with the kids to the aquarium and the Children's musuem. Fanieul Hall is literally steps from the front door of the Custom House. We also took advantage of the Game room on the 24th floor - again the views were spectacular!! The game room had a pool table, foosball table, snack machines, and a nice wooden train table with trains, tracks and blocks. It was a nice diversion from the room and my kids had a ball.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dangelo
<Content>Great stay at the Custom House The Custom House is a classic building, that is easy to tell apart from the other hotels when you are on foot.I found the elevators not to be a problem. The trick is to stay on the 19th floor or lower. If you do, you will only need to change to elevators to work-out and do laundry.Took the advise of tripadvisor, and requested a quiet room, away from the pub, Black Rose. Faced the warf, and slept great.Great location, walking distance to Little Italy, and the Metro, and staff was friendly.I reccomend the Custom House!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great but hard to sleep   showReview(2853913, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(2491510, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sue305
<Content>Excellent accommodations but noise disrupted sleep...   showReview(2442072, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Custom House offers an excellent overall experience   showReview(2231505, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great accomodations...almost perfect   showReview(2077862, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic place to enjoy downtown Boston   showReview(1869171, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay in the winter   showReview(1850910, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>2	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay in Downtown Boston   showReview(1395154, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Weekend of a lifetime   showReview(1227465, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>budgetraveller
<Content>You Simply Cannot Beat the Custom House!   showReview(1119622, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una fantastica Pasqua !   showReview(15575782, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

