<Author>FSHK
<Content>A Grand Old Lady Stayed 2 nights at the Biltmore between Xmas and New Year 2008. Fabulous room (I think we were on a special floor , but not sure as I didn't do the booking), with a four poster bed. Amazing old style common areas with very grand decorations. Bathrooms small and a little old fashioned, but if anything it added to the cosy traditional feel of the place. To be recommended if you are looking for some character and don't mind being in what seems like a slightly out-of-the-way area. We had 2 good evening meals within walking distance - Roy's, which is Hawaiian-fusion and at Engine no. 28 which is American. Both absolutely EXCELLENT with great service.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CaramelGoodness
<Content>LOVED The Millennium Biltmore! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 4 days before heading off to Las Vegas. Was a little worried about staying at the hotel after reading some of the negative reviews, however I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. The hotel is amazing with a very grand feel. On other reviews people have said its old fashioned but I would say its more old style Hollywood glamour. It doesn't feel dated at all, gorgeous decor and the first floor reception and lobby are beautiful. I was shocked when we got to our room...it was HUGE and really lovely. It felt like a suite with a living area etc and a really big wardrobe. The bathroom was quite small but nice and clean. The hotel room had everything we needed, clean comfy beds, lots of info on LA, plenty of space and a big TV with lots of channels. I'm not sure if all the rooms at this hotel are the same but our room was massive.We ate at the Japanese restaurant on our first night as we was too tired to leave the building. Glad we did as it was delicious, really modern, quite pricy but definatly worth the money. Every member of staff at this hotel was lovely and helpful. Reception were extremely accommodating and couldn't do enough for you. The guy at the concierge was really helpful too. He helped us book loads of great things to do... tours etc and helped us save money whilst doing so..he also recommended good places to eat, and all that we tried were brilliant. We did a great tour of LA seeing the Hollywood houses, Chinese Theatre, Venice Beach, Santa Monica Pier, Rodeo Drive etc. Was Fab and we got to see so much of LA that on our other days we could then go back to the places we enjoyed the most. Venice beach is really nice, and has a cool vibe to the place. I love shopping and found the best shops on Melrose avenue, the shops are different and unique there and a lot cheaper than Rodeo Drive or Robertson Drive! We didn't hire a car but buses and trains are very cheap!We didn't pay a lot to stay at this hotel at all and it definatly exceeded our expectations. It is a very high standard hotel in a good location where u can feel safe at night too. I will definatly stay at this hotel again, I LOVED it!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jalpnco
<Content>Historic building with impressive lobby The lobby and ground floor of this hotel was very grand and historic. The room was small but tastefully decorated and well equipped. Like many older hotels, noise from the hallway travels easily so ask for a room away from the elevators and other busy corridors. The staff was friendly and helpful but I did have a couple of problems. I had trouble getting the internet to work($10/day) and had to leave a message for the hotel's IT person who was eventually able to help. I also had $90 of international phone calls on my bill even though I didn't make any calls. Although the front desk took the phone charges off the bill when I checked out, my credit card was charged anyway. I eventually got everything straightened out, but it was a hassle. The nearby Water Grill serves incredible seafood, but expect to pay. Lunch averaged $60/person without alcohol.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jujusdad
<Content>Beautiful but... Astoundingly beautiful hotel in a mundane, rather drab part of the city. If you can get a deal on a room, take it, but don't order room service or drink at the residents bar, you'll end up re-mortgaging your house. Explore the area to find better, cheaper eating/drinking options. There's a lively Irish pub down the street.My main problem was having to pay $10 a day for what was grossly substandard internet access. They call it High Speed but it resembled high speed in 1995. Truly dreadful but don't bother complaining, the receptionist will give you that blank look.To sum up, great to sleep in (beds are deliciously comfortable) but check out the locale, it's cheaper outside the hotel. Staff were friendly if not a little detached.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	3	4	4	3	1	

<Author>nyuszi
<Content>Like a Fabulous trip back in time I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Biltmore and am almost tempted to give 5 stars, except for a few little niggles.To begin with the good - the ground floors are absolutely gorgeous with a great deal of restored original architecture/decor from the 1920's. My room was only a standard but quite spacious with a very comfortable bed, desk, full closet and comfy chair. My room was on the inside of the building, overlooking a quiet courtyard and I heard virtually no outside noise thanks to the white noise generated by the heat/AC. And the water pressure in the shower was fantastic. The workout equipment in the health club facilities were a little squished and I think I used the oldest still-working elliptical machine in North America. But the treadmills are all pretty new and most machines have a personal flat screen. However, that was completely made up for by the rest of the facilities - the pool, jacuzzi, sauna and spa look original and made me feel like some robber baron in the gilded age.The location is excellent for business in or near downtown and is right in the heart of the financial district. It could also be a good choice for tourists because it is so close to the 101, 110, 5 and 10 freeways, so you can pretty much get anywhere.Now for the bad things - all of which are relatively minor and would not stop me from booking here again. First, like many hotels, they charge for internet access, which I find a highly offensive practice. Also, valet is $40/night. This is not unusual in LA, but should be factored into your budget. The tub/shower had a curtain, rather than a door, which kept sticking to me because it didn't have magnets in the bottom. This was particularly gross since the housekeeping seemed hit or miss - I had 3 great days and 2 eh days. The TV in my room was an old, small CRT type and many of the channels buzzed or otherwise had bad reception. Finally, when I ordered room service breakfast, my receipt had the wrong name and room number on it. When I asked, the staff person told me You must have written the wrong number on your ticket, this is for you. That was completely unacceptable at this level hotel. Even if I actually had made the mistake, I should have received the customer is always right treatment. But, like I said, I would definitely stay here again, it's a great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JonesyAU
<Content>Only if you need to be downtown and aren't hiring a car The front counter staff are extremely professional, but far from polite if you have an issue that's out of the ordinary. The concierge is impossible to get a hold of. Don't hire a car if your staying here, parking is $40 USD per night plus valet tips are expected.The hotel itself is well presented and clean. Don't expect a fridge let alone a mini-bar. The lower level staff (cleaners, chefs) barely speak english so be sure to be clear when giving instructions.Unless you have business in DOWNTOWN Los Angeles, this is not there place to stay. Most tourist spots are north-west of downtown (with the exception of Disneyland).Only stay here if you've won a prize or don't plan to leave your hotel room for the entire stay.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	5	2	3	3	

<Author>tjfpa
<Content>Perfectly Fine I recently stayed there while attending a convention. As long as you can keep in mind that it is an older property you will be pleased. The bedding was fabulous and the service I received was as well. They could use some new carpets and some cosmetics but other than that I would recommend staying there. My cell phone worked great (I saw another person had a problem).  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>zippy47
<Content>Plushy bedding, poor cell coverage, beautiful building Pros:down duvets and pillowsindividual thermostatspower outlets at desk heightwireless net works great ($10/day)Cons:non-adjustable desk chair, making the desk uncomfortable to usevery bad cell coverage throughout the hotel (not their problem, but something you may need to know)expensive parkingThe Biltmore is a beautiful 1920's building with amazing public rooms and meeting rooms. The guest rooms vary widely: mine had an extra 150 sq. ft. of space which was devoid of furniture while other rooms felt cramped, both the result of a quirky building. Furnishings are elegant -- some might feel out of place in such surroundings. Maintenance is decent but imperfect -- expect some slight problem with the room. Some rooms face an ugly inside courtyard, but with the pretty wooden shutters, one hardly notices (even so, consider asking for an outside room). Some minor service issues, but nothing unexpected given the size of the hotel.The hotel does significant business with the consolidator AlliedTPro; if you're willing to prepay for your room, cheap rates can often be found on no-name booking sites, particularly those geared to European travelers. kayak.com was successful at finding several of those for me.Parking at the hotel is far, far more expensive than other lots nearby. Park somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Sustramo
<Content>Lots of Hollywood History here I stayed here for three nights in July while attending a meeting at the hotel. This a huge, grand, old place with an incredible history. If you go, take a look at all the photos of early Academy Award ceremonies that were held at the hotel. It's amazing. Anyway, the hotel itself is fine. The rooms are pretty basic - not too big and not too small with all the usual amenities. The bathrooms seem very outdated, though. The staff was pleasant and professional - this is a Millenium Hotel. The health club in the basement is adequate. The Japanese restaurant on-site was good, but INCREDIBLY EXPENSIVE. I think it was $180 for two of us and we each only had one drink, appetizers, and entrees!! The hotel is located in a business district, so the area gets quiet after 5:00. However, there are lots of great breakfast and lunch places (a wonderful diner around the corner) in the area. The Metro station is a block away and you can be in Hollywood in 20 minutes. I did like the hotel. With the craziness of LA, I thought it was a pleasant, quiet place to come back to at the end of the day/evening.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Spain1978
<Content>I麓ll never be back I was at the hotel during two days on september 2008Good Points*Location*Nice Hall and BarVery Negative ones* The most noisy hotel I麓ve been on my whole life (and I use around 40 hotels/year during the last 5 years). I was at the fifth floor and a chimeny never stop making noise day and night* I requested one of the new rooms of the hotel but they didn麓t give it to me saying that these ones are 100$ more expensive/night. I just don麓t believe that it麓s just they didn麓t want to* The bathroom is extreamly old and small, ridiculous for a XXI century hotel* I was stolen a note of 100$ at the room. I left the note at my laptop bag while in the city and when I came back to the cleaned room I had been stolenAs a constructive summery for readers, look for an alternative hotel at lovely LA  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>FastCarFerrari
<Content>Good experience We stayed just one night at the Millennium Biltmore in LA mainly with a view to getting a good night's sleep after the 10 hour flight from London. And it proved just that. Very comfortable rooms, with excellent beds, clean bathrooms and a general airy and spacious feel throughout the hotel. The location is very business oriented and I'd probably choose to stay in a more Venice/Santa Monica area for leisure next time, but I'd defintely have no problem staying at the Biltmore again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Karebear85
<Content>Wonderful vacation! We stayed for 2 nights in a room we got a special deal on. This was a beautiful hotel, the decor and ambiance was exactly what we were hoping for. The pool and hot tub area was amazing, although we had hardly any time to relax we were so busy touring LA. The staff was friendly and helpful. We also ran into some late night filming of CSI right outside the hotel which was a great experience.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>karinkSalzburg
<Content>nice hotel We booked the Millenium Biltmore because we got a really good deal for one night.first impression were quite good. the looby is very impressive, staff were helpful and nice.room was okay - bit dated but massive and comfy bed which we needed after a long flight.location was so/so.. in the financial district very very quiet on weekends.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TCall07
<Content>Really Nice Hotel Stayed here for 10 days in March, the hotel lobby was very impressive, staff were very helpful - the rooms were fine, seeing the lobby you get high expectations for the rooms, and while they're not exactly fancy and are maybe a little old fashioned the room was quite large and very clean. I definitely believe I got my moneys worth. Again the staff were always helpful. I especially liked the bar for a chill out drink - the music was always very cool and the bartender was great! Loved the cocktails!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FJW1
<Content>Poor Customer Service (including General Manager) Simply put---the hotel lobby was nice, but the customer service was poor and I would not recomend staying here. I am an attorney and a frequent business traveler. I booked online with a friends card who wanted to pay for my hotel. When I arrived I was asked for a card for incidentals and I provided my personal card. At check out my personal card was charged and I was advised that the hotel could not charge the card that was provided during online booking. I spoke with Vincent Piro, the General Manager, and was not helpful. He explained that he has been in the hotel industry for years and they have never done that. I explained that I travel often and have never been challenged in this way. I advised him that I would not stay in this hotel again and would not recomend it to others.Further, my internet connection did not work during my entire stay. I need to work and had to leave my room and go to a Starbucks in order to work.Though cheap, this hotel is not worth the money. Please think twice before booking with them.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jeromin25
<Content>Dirty old small room over priced A small musty old room. They do not list their phone charges and the clerk could not tell me how much they were. They overcharged and would not correct the bill.The room was filthy. If it were not for the fact this was a company trip and already booked, I would have changed reservations. We will not book here again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>ciana90Sheffield
<Content>$40 per day for parking!! This hotel had a really nice look to the lobby and other various rooms, although the guest rooms are very dusty and old fashioned and i dont mean the style i just mean they need modernising......ALOT! The tv looked like the oldest model iv ever seen in a hotel and the hotel itself believes its a luxury one!!! Iv never seen such old electrical appliances. Staff were friendly and it has a nice historical feel, i think thats why it gets away with being a so called luxury hotel. Its very expensive, no mini bar in the room, bathroom was tiny! I had stayed in palm springs for 3 nights before arriving here and payed $100 per night for a 5 star real luxuruy hotel and there is such a big difference in the quality of the hotels. Parking is $40 per day which is nearly more than a room itself!!! The location is good if you want to be down town LA but its far from hollywood and santa monica. If id known then what i know now there is no way id stay there and its due to overpriced parking and interenet and last but not least the location. I would much rather be on the beach or a more relaxed area.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Wongaburra
<Content>Loved the Biltmore A most fascinating hotel and a delight to stay. Location, service and accommodation all excellent. Loved to be able to wander through the hotel and marvel at the ballrooms, restaurants etc. Many thanks.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kittenmitten
<Content>Nice lobby (and staff) but that's it!!! Stayed here as part of honeymoon trip. Really dissappointed with room, very small, dark and somewhat depressing. The bathroom was incredibly small and both the sink and bath tub had large cracks and dirt in them.The location wasn't great, apart from access to public transport. The hotel is in the financial district so is very quiet at night. There were alot of dodgy people hanging around the Metro station and when we wondered down to the fashion and jewellery districts a police officer advised it wasn't an area for tourists and suggested we leave immediately!We ventured over to West Hollywood, which is a much nicer (and safer) area.Did eat in the Sushi restuarant within the hotel which was nice - but expensive.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	4	5	3	

<Author>HongkongPeterPan
<Content>Nice hotel with history       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>intellibunny
<Content>Elegant, old-time, historic beautifully restored The Biltmore is an elegant, beautifully restored old-time hotel. Service was excellent throughout from the valets, to bell captain, front desk, room service ... everyone was accomodating and eager to please. The gorgeous detailing on the ceilings, photos from Academy Awards in years past on the History wall, even the beautiful indoor pool all made my stay a special one. The only small issue that I had with room comfort was that the A/C had to stay on for there to be air circulating and the noise disturbed my sleep. Also the bathroom was rather small. I'm petite myself and my elbow always bumped the toilet paper dispenser; I'm pretty sure a tall person would find the tiny bathrooms impossible.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>onthegonewyork_ny
<Content>Disappointing I recently stayed at the Biltmore with family members for a weekand I was disappointed. I booked the reservation 3 months in advance. When we got to the hotel we had to wait several hoursbefore our room was ready. The lobby area is beautiful, but the rooms are another story. The inside of the bathtub was chipped. There was a problem flushing the toilet. The television was old and small. There was a buzzing sound on some of the stations. I understand this is a old hotel but surely some upgrades can be made to the rooms without the hotel losing its historic charm. The pool area was dark and dreary. I never saw anyone there .The gift shop was over priced and some of the staff was not so friendly. I also do not consider this to be a child friendly hotel. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. It's not likely that I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Londoner100
<Content>An elegant hotel where you can re-live history       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>printdave
<Content>Old world pleasure Located in Down Town Los Angeles, I found the pricing to be similar to that of much lesser hotels in West Hollywood so value for money was amazing!!! Their standard rooms are massive, clean and quietly elegant! The lobby and all common areas remind one of what you might imagine a Grande Hotel in the old European fashion to be (though really Europe rarely offers such space and elegance at this price!!The staff were friendly and helpful and my overall experience makes me want to return again and again anytime I'm passing through LA!The only draw back is Down Town LA it's self. Outside the hotel most restaurants and activities are non existent after 6pm and Down Town is rather far away from many of the cities tourist venues. Still, the Millenium Biltmore for me was a treat in herself!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lovetravel2b
<Content>NOt what it seems I stayed at the Millenium Biltmore in Los Angeles for 7 days this past week. I enjoyed my stay in Los Angeles, but the hotel had some problems.First off, when we checked in they lied to us when they told us that they did not have any rooms available because the people don't check out until 2 pm. That was what the front desk girl said. It turns out that they check out at 12pm. She obviously was new, or so I thought. Then when she charged my credit card for the usual incidentals, I asked how much would be held. She stated no more than $300.00, what she failed to mention that in addition there would be an automatic $300.00 tacked on at the end of that same night for a total of $600.00 being held. I asked someone else the next day when I checked my balance and saw that it appeared to be an extra charge, when they told me that it was not extra, that is usual and customary. I felt that it was deceitful. Be up front.Second, the hotel bathroom toilet had problems flushing. The paint was chipping, and the TV was quite small. The area by the pool was so dark and desloate, it was univiting. The exterior of the hotel and the lobby is quite impressive, but it is a rip off.It is convenient to transportation which was our main concern, so that worked out, but food was not cheap in this hotel. It seemed over priced for the ammenities, which were none.I would only stay here if you have to do business in the downtown area.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	1	3	2	

<Author>Sandokan62
<Content>traditional hotel with a lot of history but with a lot of problems as well The location of this hotel is just perfect. The reception area is fantastic and the staff very friendly. You just feel that this hotel has a long lasting tradition and a lot of history. But that麓s as well the big problem: they did not upgrade the room facilities to todays traveler麓s expectation. The rooms are pretty old, the bath very old. The rooms are very loud as the windows do provide 0 sound protection. You think that the cars and just driving through your room. You better take some noise protection equipment with you. If the Hotel Management would upgrade the rooms I would go there again, without hesitation. Otherwise I rather suggest one of the many modern hotels around the Biltmore.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Awesometeacher78
<Content>Hospitality Wow, talk about hospitality鈥?during my husband鈥檚 RR from Iraq, we decided to take a tour of the California Coast. Upon arriving in Los Angeles, we had no idea of where to go and what to see. We decided to leave our fate in the hands of the concierge, James Russel. Mr. Russel not only gave us great recommendations and exact directions, he also provided us with the best hospitality around. Once Mr. Russel found out that my husband was in the army and was visiting from Iraq, he sent us a card signed by the hotel staff and basket of fruit to our room. I was so impressed with the Biltmore that I would highly recommend it to anyone. Thank you Mr. Russel for caring!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khas107
<Content>$40 a Night for Parking! Internet Access Fees! A $40 a night for parking is outragous! They charge for internet access! I was very disappointed not only by these charges, but also for what I consider as being taken advantage of. It is unfair to charge people unreasonable fees when they don't have an other alternative other than never to go back again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Roadbum
<Content>A gem We arrived (by train, so out of our control) at 9 am, in jeans and floppy hats, with hiking poles sticking out of our rucksacks. The front desk people were friendly, courteous, and let us check into our room immediately. The hotel's public areas are, of course, stunning, but I had read some negative comments about the rooms. So we were pleasantly surprised by our spacious, well appointed room. On the third floor, in a standard room, we had a view of Pershing Square. Our total bill for the night including tax and 4 long distance calls was $208. My only complaint was that they charged me $1 each for toll free calls, but I think this is fairly common in some luxury hotels.Anyone who thinks these rooms are small hasn't traveled much outside of the US. I'm looking for an excuse to go back to LA so I can stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DRbride2b
<Content>Better than expected! After booking our incredibly reasonably priced reservation on Expedia, I was a little worried to see so many bad reviews here on TripAdvisor. All I can say is that while some of the comments are valid, the good outweighs the bad at the Biltmore.We were 4 people staying in two rooms for 4 nights. While both rooms were the same price, one of them was really spacious with seating area and a large walk in closet, while the other was more or less a standard sized room. The smaller room also had the inconvenience of sharing an entryway with a locked door with another room, so we couldn't just go knock on our companion's door because they wouldn't hear us.The rooms were clean, though obviously not modern, which two of us found charming and two of us weren't as excited by. The beds were great, the linens were nice and the TV was decent sized. My Mom and I used the pool and the jacuzzi which was really something to see, though not the most functional in that the hot tub couldn't seat more than two people. I would agree with travellers who would say that there is nothing around the hotel and this part of the city is pretty dead in the evenings, but as we had other plans most of the time, this wasn't a problem for us. There are only a few restaurants around, but we found one we really enjoyed and went there twice.There are two big downsides we found. The first was the noise. My home is towndown Montreal and even I found it to be a bit noisy at night and in the early morning. Thicker, more soundproof windows would make a great difference. The second was the price of the valet parking at $40 a day. Yes we could have gone to the parking garage around the corner but we were doing a lot of in and out and it just seemed more convenient. But for that price, we would have expected that when we called ahead to have our car brought round we wouldn't have to wait, which was always the case. A small downside was not having ice on every floor, but that was minor. That said, it really is something to be staying in a hotel with such dramatically beautiful public areas and at least average guest areas. We did get our money's worth.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>kironb
<Content>Historically significant, but needs upkeep and too much nickel  Stayed for three nights in July while working for a client up Bunker Hill ($150/night corporate rate for a standard room).Good:+ Great historical significance - the artwork, rugs and ornamentation in the common areas is gorgeous+ Good sized fitness center  pool - lots of cardio, free weight and universal equipment+ Reasonable location - few restaurants nearbyBad/Ugly:+ I was in a huge room, but there was very little furniture in the room which made it look quite odd+ Given the relatively expensive rack rate, it is unfortunate that they charge you just under $10 for Internet access and $1 for each toll-free phone call you make+ I checked out of the hotel very early in the morning - when I asked the bell-boy for a cab, he motioned to a driver that was in an SUV and called him over. It was too early in the morning for me to ask up front what the cost was. Turns out this driver was NOT a registered cab driver and charged $10 over the standard flat rate for cabs between LAX and downtown LA  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>rafaelgmartins
<Content>What's going on with the pool? I've just got back from a trip to Vegas and LA. On July 1st I checked in the Millennium Biltmore Hotel in downtown LA. The hotel is very beautiful. A little too classy for me, but hey, that's not the hotel's fault, probably mine and mostly my travel agent's. The room was great and I really loved the bathroom and the shower. Long baths in the bathtub, great right?So, everything was perfect but then, in the last day before I had to leave I decided to go relax a bit in the pool and in the jacuzzi. What a disappointment! The pool area (wich they call the health club because there is also a gym) was awful. Not because is not great itself but it was literally abandoned by the hotel staff. Many towels in the floor, liter, and no life guards (but they do have a big sign saying hey, it's every man (and kid) for himself). But what was most upsetting was the cold jacuzzi that was not working. Not working?. Ok, let me get someone from the staff. Ops, where are they? No one is here. Let me try to find a phone. No, no phone either. Ok, finally a phone behind the bar. Can you please send someone here to see why the jacuzzi is not working. 10 minutes later a guy comes, says nothing (like is everyhing allright? or even good evening sir), turns the machine on and goes away (still not saying a thing). Does the jacuzzi gets any hot? No.Very disappointing. At the same time a weeding reception was happening in the hotel. Maybe they were kind of busy with that, I don't know. I end up forgetting to complain with the hotel, I regret that. Other then that, you should stay there. Not a very expensive hotel and very confortable.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	3	2	5	2	5	

<Author>readit
<Content>Enjoyed our stay, but probably wouldn't go back We enjoyed our time in Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel, but if you're going simply for tourism, I would not recommend this hotel. There isn't much going on downtown, aside from business.The rooms were very nice with super comfortable beds, but the washrooms were a bit dated.Overall, nice hotel, but not recommended for tourists.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hyades24
<Content>Nice Hotel The foyer of this hotel looks very flash, and the room we stayed in was pretty nice too. I was a little unimpressed with the quality of the bed-making, as the sheets did not cover the bed. Apart from this, it was a nice place to stay and the concierge was a lovely man. The only other issue was that it's located in Downtown LA, and there's not much there but hotels and office buildings. If you want to be where the action is, I would suggest staying in the Hollywood area.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>philip861
<Content>Lovely hotel Myself and my girlfreind stayed at the Biltmore for four nights in June 2008, and were quite impressed by the appearance of the hotel and helpfulness of the staff. The location of the Biltmore is excellent, being just across the road from Pershing Square and its metro station. This means that prime tourist sites, such as Hollywood and Universal Studios are only about 20 minutes away. This was important for us because we didn't have a car to travel around. As for the hotel itself, the exterior but particularly the interior of the lobby is impressive. It strikes you as a quality hotel as soon as you walk through the door. The large pictures on the wall are reminiscent of the closing scene in The Shining; the corridor leading to the health centre has many photographs of the hotel's history- I thought this was a nice touch.The room we had was a little on the small side, but was otherwise fine.The health centre is an excellent amenity, featuring a swimming pool (which closes at 8 pm, which is a little early I thought), and a fitness centre (which remains open 24 hours). We ordered room service our final night, which was promptly delivered and was delicious. It was probably the best room service I've experienced in fact.The only negative I experienced during my stay was the shower in my room, which ceased to work on our final morning in the hotel, which meant I had to use one in the health centre. All in all, I would recommend this hotel. I got a good deal on hotels.com, and for what I payed my stay was excellent. The staff were courteous throughout and the facilities excellent. If I were to re-visit LA I would consider staying at the Biltmore again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>snootchiebootchies
<Content>Great property. Could use some improvements. My wife and I stayed four nights here in late June. Prior to our stay, we stayed at the Disneyland Grand Californian property for three days. The Biltmore does not compare to the Grand Californian but it's also not as expensive. Like everybody has already said, the lobby and public spaces are gorgeous (my wife found everything a bit creepy however, as the old black and white photos and the hallways and corridors reminded her too much of The Shining -- she was half-expecting that I would be possessed by evil spirits when I returned to our room from getting some ice!) but the rooms are less than modern. Parking is also a hassle. So, all in all, here is my summary of the Biltmore:Disadvantages:- lots of street noise (bring earplugs!)- old old TV (c'mon, I understand the Biltmore is limited in some respect by the architecture of the building but certainly better and newer TVs cannot possibly be beyond their budget! Many luxury hotels -- including the Disney Grand Californian -- have already switched over to widescreen LCDs)- No mini-fridge. Really, how many luxury hotels can you think of that do not have fridges. Come on, Biltmore folks, they are not that expensive!- The valet parking is a hassle. Expensive ($40 per day) and also time-consuming if you need your car often. I also stopped tipping the valet after the first few times because I realized to tip a fiver everytime you need your car was going to get way too expensive. Like other reviewers have mentioned, there is parking across the street at Pershing Square but there are no in and out privileges and you have to be out of the parking lot before 9 AM or they will charge you more than the overnight flat rate. There are also some shady-looking characters hanging around that square late at night so Pershing Square is not a very good option if you need your car at all times of the day.Advantages:- Gorgeous property.- Within a short walk of some wonderful LA landmarks -- Disney Concert Hall, Angels Flight, The Bradbury and Grand Central Market. The Grand Central Market is a great GREAT place to get lunch. Plenty of wonderful food and unbelievably cheap. Best bang for the buck, in my opinion, of all the places we dined during our stay in LA/Anaheim.- Clean, spacious rooms. My wife loved the king-size bed in our room. Very comfy mattresses and comforters.- Friendly and helpful staff. The valets continued to be very polite and courteous even after I stopped tipping.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ibct
<Content>Run in and take a picture of the lobby and leave! Ugh, what a yucko experience. Seriously, the lobby, and most of the main floor is really beautiful, but the rooms, and I ended up staying in two, were NOT WORTH it and actually pretty lousy- needed repairs, not that clean etc. Both rooms were so noisy (in the first room, I could hear people talking and a baby crying, it seemed like they were in MY room; I got to hear the lovely sounds of buses, emergency vehicles and drunk people singing all night in the second room). I ended up moving rooms because when I turned on the shower, some-God- knows-what brown stuff came out of the faucet. When I called down to the Front Desk to let them know what was going on, the answer was Whaddya want me to do?. I requested another room was able to move, but received no help moving my bags and NO APOLOGY. It almost made me feel like maybe they're used to hearing about brown stuff coming out of their faucets... I received really good service from Housekeeping and from the people who work in the restaurant Smeraldi's, but not from the Front Desk.I would see if you could get a room at the Sheraton if you're going to visit downtown LA, and come and take pictures of the lobby at the Biltmore.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>obrn855
<Content>Wonderful Stay! I stayed at the Biltmore during a recent professional nursing convention with some trepidation. I read reviews that described the rooms as shabby  outdated, the staff as unfriendly, and the neighborhood as unsafe. Travelling across the country alone, I was very nervous about what I had gotten myself into. I could not have been happier with my stay  wonder what was going on with those who had a negative experience. To say that the lobby and the common areas of the hotel are stunning is an understatement. Everything speaks to the rich history of this landmark. I especially enjoyed learning about the hotel's role in the glory days of old Hollywood. The staff was friendly and helpful, directing me to the best ways to get around the city and the things to do. Cabs were very easy to come by, thanks to the staff of the hotel, but I chose to walk to and from the Convention Center each day. I did not ever feel unsafe walking alone downtown. I found the facilities to be more than adequate- the fitness center has a lot of equipment (more than I was expecting, based on one review) and was open around the clock. This was great for someone who was out of sorts with the time change and wide awake at 3 a.m. most days, ready to get going. Although I did not eat in the hotel much, I had a wonderful, if pricey, breakfast at Smeraldi's. For more value, there's a great little coffee shop around the corner on 6th, called the Yorkshire Grill, where I got a delicious breakfast for less than $10, including tip. My room was charming  comfortable. The mattresses have, indeed, been upgraded and the linens were crisp, clean, and of high quality. Yes, the TV was a little small, but who needs to spend much time watching TV when you're in LA? If I wanted to nitpick, I'd say that the bathtub could have been re-glazed. Other than that, my room was perfect. I met several other people staying at other local hotels for the convention who stated they would have rather been at the Biltmore.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parkedr
<Content>Deceptive booking - do not trust I just checked in with a friend to stay one night in downtown LA to see a concert. I specifically booked the hotel because they told me that I could have a room with two double beds. First of all, the line to check in took 20 minutes. When I finally arrived in my room, it was a single king bed. Of course, the clerk that checked me in made no mention of this. I didn't have my reservation in hand when I called to front desk to complain and the clerk actually lied to me and told me that I had booked a room for a single adult. As soon as I logged into my computer, I found that my reservation was, as I had thought, for two adults and two twin beds.Needless to say, I am angry. I could have easily booked a room that I wanted at another hotel if this one wasn't deceptive. Basically, don't believe a word these people say. There are better hotels for the money in downtown LA.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>oyster13
<Content>Don't miss afternoon tea at the Biltmore! If you find yourself having to stay in downtown LA, do it in style at the Millennium Biltmore. Sure, the rooms may not be as modern as in other nearby big hotels, but this hotel has real character and an impressive history. The grand lobby is stunning, as is the ballroom that hosted some early Academy Award ceremonies. Afternoon tea in the Rendezvous Court was a great experience and not too be missed -- the service, food and setting were excellent.The room showed its age somewhat, but was clean, spacious and had a lovely ensuite bathroom. However, despite being located on a high floor, the room could be noisy at times from street noise. Still, as a business traveller, it was nice to stay at a large hotel that had a distinctive feel.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	1	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jfoote
<Content>One of the Best Large Hotel Experiences       Biltmore Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zoids
<Content>Elegant European Masterpiece - stop your moaning!!!! I feel obliged to write this given the complaints I read from other reviewers. What a bunch of perfectionists. This hotel was great from check-in to check-out. The staff were without exception attentive, helpful  polite. The public spaces sparkled. Loved the Pool and the Bar. The Ballrooms were amazing. Our room was spacious with a view of the park  the outdoor ice-rink. It felt individual (not like a chain hotel)  was spotlessly clean. I cannot understand complaints from other reviewers about the fascilities. If you want to stay at a Hilton/Ramada etc etc then please feel free. Leave the Biltmore to those travellers who appreciate old world charm with great service. I would choose to ban the business travellers as they just spoil the ambience of places like this. I would stay in this hotel above pretty much any other I have visited in the States and I have stayed in many of the very best. Thank you to all who made this stay so memorable.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CapTraveler4
<Content>Grand old hotel, and it shows in spots We ended up at the Biltmore downtown as part of a group attending a convention nearby. This was my first trip to Los Angeles, and I was a little surprised to discover how little is actually going on downtown, especially after 5pm, when it turns into a bit of a ghost town. There is a Metro stop a couple blocks away, but the public transit system in LA leaves a lot to be desired.As for the hotel itself, most of the reviews that I've read on here are fairly accurate. The hotel is ancient by LA standards, and it shows in the rooms. The lobby and bar areas are very elegant and grand, and they set up your expectations of the rooms perhaps a little too high.When we got to the room we were quite underwhelmed. It was clean enough, but it's just very old. The door to the bathroom was heavy and creaked, the TV was laughable (I think it was 19, and it was very old), and the bed itself was just OK. The mattress was clearly past its prime, although we did see a bunch of new mattresses being loaded into the hotel one day. Apparently they are going to replace all the mattresses this summer.I did enjoy the pool, which is a great old Roman tile type pool, although it would be better if it was open later (closes at 8). The workout room was small but will suffice if you're just looking to jump on the treadmill for 30 mins.The worst part of our stay was getting stuck in an elevator. We were going from the 5th floor down to the lobby when the elevator just stopped. We got management on the phone and they were very concerned and responsive, but there's not much you can do to console people when they're stuck in an elevator. We were in there for about 5 minutes (felt like an hour) when the elevator suddenly sprang back into action, went down to the lobby and the doors opened. Management met us there and seemed very concerned for our well being, although they had no explanation for why the elevator malfunctioned. They offered us passes to the buffet breakfast, which was a nice token gesture but at that point we just wanted to get out of there and go for a walk.The Biltmore clearly is an LA landmark that has seen better days. Without major hotel-wide renovations I don't think we'd stay here again. Certainly don't stay here expecting modern amenities.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jma236
<Content>Millenium Biltmore - grand ole hotel fraying at the edges My DH and I stayed at the Millenium Biltmore as a part of a business trip for 2 nights in mid May. We chose it mostly because the price was right and the location was reasonable - good access to highways, and close by to some friends. The hotel is a historic property and there is ample evidence of old grandeur in the lobby, bar, and restaurants, which are really quite lovely. It certainly evokes a different era when you step through the doors into the hotel. Our room was suprisingly large with a view of downtown LA. We also had a very large walk in closet - the size of some kitchens in NYC. The bathroom was good sized and had a seperate tub and shower. The shower did not have any place to put anything other than a bar of soap which was a negative. The room has a box TV, desk, and chair.The biggest problem with the room is when you walk in, the first thing you see are very dated linens on the beds. The comforter is literally fraying at the edges and losing its color. The linens were of poor quality and need to be replaced. The carpet in the room was also coming up at the edges of the room and also was not high quality. Those are not things you would expect to encounter at a 4 star hotel. We also could have done without the prom on the Saturday evening of our stay. The lobby turned into an impromptu photo studio and those attending the prom spent a good deal of their time shuttling b/t the dance floor and various hotel rooms in a loud manner.Valet parking is $40 per day, and our car was always ready when we requested it. The hotel charges a fee for internet usage per day. Check in and check out were quick and painless. We did not eat at the restaurants or go to the bar in the hotel.Ultimately this hotel is a high end 3 star hotel, but the above mentioned problems keep it from attaining the 4 star status. Although we would stay at this hotel again if the price was right, we would not seek it out as a place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>sakio
<Content>Not the best choice in downtown L.A. I really wanted to like this hotel, but can't say I could recommend it to anyone.First of all, I want to say the people that worked there were great. The front desk person checked me in really early and was about as nice as a person could get. The cleaning crew was always smiling and saying hi so I can't say anything but good things about them.The problems with this hotel are three things:1. The hotel building is old. Sure, it's beautiful at the lobby level (actually stunning), but that age also makes the rooms small. I'm sure it may have been sufficient in the 1930's, but it's not even remotely up to par for the 21st Century. The bathroom fixtures are old and they make a lot of noise.2. The room decoration was really cheap. The desk looked like something out of the Sears outdoor furniture collection and the TV.....a 13 incher. C'mon, I can accept the limitations of an old hotel, but a 13 inch TV obviously built in the late 70's or early 80s. I just couldn't believe my eyes. Motel 6's have better TV's than that.3. The street noise, just awful. I've read the management notes on other reviews regarding this and I understand their point, but half of the rooms face the outside streets. You could do better on the lower floors with better insulated windows.I've stayed at older hotels all over the country on business. I've seen how it could be done well. The Roosevelt in Hollywood, The Adolphus in Dallas, the Michelangelo in NYC and the Palace in San Francisco do it right. The Millenium needs to upgrade to be up to the standards of other classic hotels.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	4	3	

<Author>NWTtravellers
<Content>nice, but not terrific service The hotel itself is beautiful. The rooms are slightly small, like any older hotel, but they are fairly well-equipped. The service is not excellent, it is okay, and the parking is horrendous - use a nearby lot because the valet is not only ridiculously expensive it is not well-serviced.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>hola_y_saludos
<Content>Really expected a lot more I was recently at the Biltmore for a business meeting. When I came to check in, despite the fact that we had made reservations weeks ahead, I was told there were no rooms left. A professional acquaintance of mine happened to arrive a little after I did and after we greeted each other, I was asked by the front desk if we would mind sharing a room!!! Despite not being happy about it, we acquiesced, given that there were no rooms left. Ultimately, after about 45 minutes, we were given a suite that had separate bedrooms, which was fine, but I had not intended to share a hotel room with someone I barely knew...The room was clean, but I must say I expected a little more in quality-the pillows (dense foam) were extremely uncomfortable and the polyester blankets were too hot. I also have to comment that I am extremely disappointed with the service. I had had a package shipped to the hotel in anticipation of a morning meeting the next day. By the time I got up to my hotel room after the check-in fiasco, it was already after 10:00 pm. I'd been told by the front desk that the package would be sent up to my room. At 10:45 pm it still was not there, so I called down to the front desk and informed them I was going to sleep and to please bring it in the morning before my 8:30 meeting. When it had not come in the morning before I had to go to the meeting, I went to the front desk, who sent me to the bell desk, who then called down to the shipping room to locate the package. They asked me to wait while they went downstairs to retrieve it rather than just bringing it to the meeting room. While the building is quite regal and ornate, the service leaves a lot to be desired.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>empresz
<Content>Management Is Horrible The room itself was nothing to write home about. But just remember that this IS a historic property. So for that experience alone, I do recommend the Biltmore. The upside to staying here is the great location as well as lobby area. It is absolutely beautiful. But my compliments end there.I had a very bad experience during my stay which happened to be my wedding weekend. My sister called the Biltmore a few days later to complain and was treated so horribly by MANAGEMENT that I still can't get over it -- and it has been over six months! The childishness of the management does not end there, but no need to get into the gory details. Anyways, I wouldn't stay at the Biltmore again if my life depended on it.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>betty_travelsUK
<Content>Landed on our feet       One of the cafes  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Will_this_name_take
<Content>The loudest hotel EVER Stayed here last night and will be staying for the next 2 because everything in LA is sold out due to conferences and NBA Playoffs. To start the lobby is stunning, desk service is great, and the bar is breath taking. I stay at hotels every week for work of varying quality so I鈥檓 not a typical civilian when it comes to hotels. With this in mind I have to say this way the LOUDEST hotel I have ever stayed. Between the street traffic and the room doors slamming at all hours I got little to no sleep. Most hotels have loud AC systems that you can kick up to create a white noise buffer to mask the surrounding noise but this place has the quietest AC systems I have encountered. The windows are single pane which does nothing to keep the constant street noise out. My coworker slept with ear plugs and said that they made little difference. The rooms are pretty stark as well; no art work or head boards in the room I was given. I will not stay here again if I can help it.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>love2relax
<Content>Nice but a little overpriced I have stayed at this hotel twice. Once for a wedding and again for by birthday. Love the hisotry of the hotel and it is beautiful. However there are a lot of hotels in LA that are just as nice. FYI Valet parking at the hotel if you are leaving your car there over night for any length of time is $40. Not that big of a deal if you are staying for a few days but a little pricy for only one night. All in all...nice hotel with great history, walking distance from cafes, bars, and easy access to airport and museums.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Jack1970
<Content>Beautiful hotel We arrived as walk-in guests, which means without reservation. Check-in went smootly, (bath)room was spacious and very luxurious, room-service was excellent and the bartender made the best margarita I ever had. This hotel is great for your business trip! During our stay there was a wedding party going on and we took a peek into the ballroom; What a luxury! The dining tables, the decorations, the flowers...everything was just perfect!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NorCalHereAndThere
<Content>I'd stay again Yes, it is an old hotel complete with grand lobby. The guest rooms definitely show their age and the bathroom was small. But I am glad they have not applied liberal amounts of botox (unlike the rest of LA) . The age is part of the charm. The biggest problem is that my third floor room was too close to the smoking floor and the smoke filled the elevator area on the non-smoking level. Bad, very bad. Who still allows smoking anyway? If you hate smoke, you should ask how close you are to the smoking floor before accepting the room. The bar was nice. Greg, the bartender, has a fabulous drink called a French Kiss. If you like the girly, sweet martini, this is a must. The staff was pleasant and accomodating, the rates are reasonable. I'm not a big fan of LA in general, but if business calls me back again, I hope I can stay at the Biltmore.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mailer1
<Content>Good value for price Stayed at the Biltmore for one night. For the price we paid, the rooms were fine - bathroom a little dated, but clean and plenty of towels. Bed was comfortable and the sheets were definitely clean and crisp. Having read some of the reviews, I checked! Also, didn't experience the issues with thin walls mentioned in other reviews. Overall, no complaints. The concierge was helpful and recommended a great little steakhouse. For the time I was in LA, this was a good choice. It isn't a modern, chic boutique, but it does have masses of character if that is what you like. A grand old lady.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>trioogy
<Content>Loved the Millenium Biltmore This hotel was great! My husband and I booked here, after realizing the cost was so great for what you get. There is so much nostalgia and ambiance here. They have a quaint little jazz bar with great service, and the only true dissappointment was the parking fee, but it is downtown LA.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>FNYC
<Content>Horrible I have just returned from a 4days at the MILLENNIUM BALTIMORE HOTEL IN LOS ANGELES. It was TERRIBLE!!!!!!!I got there and the first room they gave me (room 519) was a kind of coshare space with the room next to it (meaning there is one locked door that divedes the 2 rooms and once inside you can hear everything from the next door room)I change the room but I found hair in my bed the first night i went to bed which means that the sheets have not been changed since the previous guest.I hate to be specific but they were little hair...form the body..hope you understand what do i meanThe morning after I took a shower and the towels had dust on itThe same night I had to run back and forth from different fllor of the hotel just for a bottle of water there is no frigo bar in the room and the bar downstair in the lobby closes at midnightThotel looks very niceand posh from the lobby, in reality it is very old and the rooms are barely renovatedOn top of that it is NOT CLEAN at allI WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO STAY THERE  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>Adamgana
<Content>The Biltmore is HORRENDOUS I am just finishing up a two-week stay at the Millenium Biltmore. I had to travel to L.A. for business and needed a hotel downtown. I was told that the Biltmore was a nice place with good services. Unfortunately, that could not be farther from the truth. Although the common areas of the hotel are beautiful, the roooms are badly outdated. The bed is extremely uncomfortable and the bathroom is tiny and grimy. The hotel gym is nothing more than a hallway with some old free weights and equally old cardio machines. The most disturbing thing about the hotel, however, is the utter lack of professionalism of its staff. Other than the concierge, the staff is unfriendly, not knowledgeable and generally unhelpful. The laundry service is ridiculously expensive which is not unusual, but it is untimely, often taking a day longer than promised, which is totally unacceptable when you are trying to do business. I recommend that anyone considering this hotel reconsider immediately. You will absolutely be disappointed in your choice. The Hilton Checkers is across the street and is a much nicer and professional establishment. I will never stay at the Millenium again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>MissNippy
<Content>amazing interior The lobby of this hotel is stunning. Check-in was quick and efficient. The rooms were a little disappointing - the beds were very comfortable, but the bathroom was really small. Whilst the staff in the restuarant weren't rude, they were very abrupt and could be more cheerful. The concierge was very helpful with providing advice and helping to book airport transfers.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>mcstrangelove
<Content>Not what I reserved! My wife and I stayed at the Millennium Biltmore for the 2008 LA Marathon. I made the reservation in December 2007 and was told by the hotel's customer service that we would be guaranteed a room with a single king bed. Simple enough. The day we checked in, our room had 2 full beds. At the rate we were paying, we could've at least gotten the room we requested. We contacted the front desk and were told: There's nothing we can do, we're sold out. I asked to speak to a manager and was told the manager was unavailable for the night! Sure, the place has a cool lobby and the staff is friendly for the most part, but what does it matter if you don't get what you reserved?  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>T_and_TShantyBay
<Content>Classy hotel for quiet, adult, relaxation       lamp in lobby  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>oysterhead
<Content>Great lobby, clean okay rooms. The Biltmore is a very classy place. The lobby is amazing.The rooms are pretty tired, but clean with marble crown molding, etc. Picture an older, nice hotel that has not been overly renovated. If I paid $300 for a night, I would be disappointed, no doubt. For business travel or online deals, it's just fine.The best part: the sushi restaurant downstairs. Absolutely amazing, and I know my fish.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyNCTraveler
<Content>Beautiful lobby/so/so rooms I agree with most of the other reviews. The lobby areas are absolutely beautiful--felt like I was in a fine art museum. Even the ceilings are magnificent. I also liked the historical nature of the hotel--with pictures of the original Academy Awards banquets held here. The back lobby near the restaurants is a quiet and elegant place to have coffee or a light breakfast from the coffee bar located there.We were there on the weekend and found the area to be quiet, safe and clean. We walked to the MOMA and Disney Concert Hall easily and quickly.Now, the rooms are as described, although ours may have been better than some. It was very large and clean, but there was a large empty area near the doorway which could have benefited from a sofa or easy chairs. It was simply empty. Also, the towels in the bathroom were thin and hard--that would be easy enough to fix despite the historic nature of the hotel. There was a large stain on one bedspread and the desk was badly peeling paint with a piece of glass over it. A simple paint job would take care of that.I probably would stay there again due to location and beauty of the public areas, but would ask if there are any recently renovated rooms.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>hemdale
<Content>Very disappointed !       Feels like and train station hall  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	4	

<Author>abrandbutler
<Content>Snobby, not worth the price TIRED and VERY OLD OLD OLD fashioned Very disappointed! We have stayed in this hotels numerous times and it only gets worse and worse. We will not return. Children are not allowed in the Club room. we were told they are a liability. This, I guess is a newer policy and exceptionally prejudicial. Run away, do NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jendavedj
<Content>Never Again! We booked this part of our trip on Priceline ($90/nt) after a stay @ Disneyland. We were excited about staying at a 4 star property right in Downtown LA. I had HOPED for the Omni, but got the Biltmore, but was willing to give it a shot.I should of known from the get-go of $40/nt to park, that I was in for the unexpected! PS- park in Pershing Square for $14/nt(which is RIGHT across the street) The lobby was beautiful but the ladies at the check-in counter were not what I'd expect at a 4 star property--lazy looking and not friendly, very unprofessional and probably not that fluent in English. The hotel is old and I took that into consideration. Our room was on the 8th floor and we found it to be comparable to a 2 star hotel back home in CO. It had basic ammenities (ie. bath, beds, desk, tv). I've stayed at several hotels and this has to rate as one of the worst in this category--it's a Super 8 quality. I expected MUCH more! You had to pay to use the phone (even local calls), the internet, etc. The restaurants are overpriced. Watch out for the bar window in the tea area-- 2 whiskey and cokes = $30. The pool area needs updating. The ambience and the look of the tiles, made it feel run down and dirty--time to brighten up your basement oasis!! Unlike other reviewers, we didn't find noise to be a problem.Few tips for future guests:1) use your cell phones and go to the public library a block away for internet2) downtown LA closes on the weekends in PM including restaurants and Starbucks--I kid you NOT! Strangest phenomona I saw my whole trip!3)there's a Domino's pizza on the same block which we utitlized 2 times b/c there were no other choices on a Sunday night4)don't ask the staff to aid you in finding anything outside of the hotel. we asked where the closest food or McDs was and they sent us to Little Mexico --SCARY!5) don't expect the gentlemen in the suits by the entrance doors to open them for you--not sure what their job is but obviously not to interact w/ guests.After a 3 day stay--never again will I venture to the Biltmore, nor to downtown LA--it was a HUGE disappointment for a first time Cali trip!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jperezsf
<Content>Biltmore is horrible! Despite being across the street from my office and having a beautiful lobby, there is nothing good about this place. The walls are paper thin, the decor hasn't changed since the hotel opened in 1902. The rooms are small, strangely laid out and the windows are single pane. I could tell you the bus schedule because I could hear every time once came by. Don't stay here.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>jsimp
<Content>Wonderful place, can't say enough! My daughter (17) and and I spent a weekend in LA to see the sights. We got a great rate from Hotels.com and the stay exceeded both our expectations. The staff was outstanding from front desk to floor maids. The decor is just breathtaking! The pool area was a throwback to the art deco era. The rooms are tastefully decorated and comfortable. The lobby is a real stunner!Much has been written about the parking fees. The valet parking was a lifesaver after a long day of siteseeing, and also great to have the car brought out first thing as we started our day. Parking valets were AWESOME! They were courteous and friendly. I never felt like tipping was required, they were very personable and efficient. I was more than satisfied with the service.I would not hesitate to stay there again. Perfect for a girls weekend! Everyone from valet attendants to concierge were cheerful and helpful.HINT: if renting a car, bring or rent a GPS system. That saved our nerves and made the weekend stress-free as we traveled from LA, to Hollywood, to Venice, to Anaheim, to Beverly HIlls. No small feat for two Midwesterers!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Papaleadfoot
<Content>Old world grandeur Old world grandeur at this downtown hotel. Rooms are varied in size. Our smoking club floor room was very large; immaculate with a European decor flavor. The downside was the one person only bathroom with its ancient fixtures in really urgent need of upgrade. That is just a heads-up, not enough of a problem to keep you away.Staff was nice, courteous...almost. Their Sports Bar was very busy; the staff was unable to cope with the situation exemplified by the person answering the phone stating they were too busy to answer how long a wait there was for a table there. Fortunately, there are other choices in the hotel as well as nearby.If you are looking for a downtown hotel, the property is a good option. (Especially if you are into buying wholesale jewelry since the jewelry marts are close by.)  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>simonkklee
<Content>Gentleman Club feeling Bang in the middle of downtown LA where there really is nothing to do. Around the corner was a Starbucks and few other small sandwich shops but nothing spectacular or interesting.It's close enough to all the freeways if you need to drive and in that sense it's very convenient. We hired a car and it took us maybe 30 mins to drive from the airport. They were charging US$40 a night for parking which you can take the car in and out as you please - usual tips to the drivers. There is parking a plenty around the hotel and prices were about US$20 but I never could be bothered to park and walk to the hotel.I think GRAND is the word you can use to describe the hotel. It's got a nice entrance, lobby, bar and restaurant. Very acceptable. The gym is quite old as is the equipment - feels like you're working out in an old turkish bath area.Rooms are OK... big and spacious but the beds are way too soft. It can get quite noisy being downtown (the occasional fire engine or police car screaming past). There's no kettle in the room so you have to use the coffee machine to boil your water.I paid about US$190 per night, staying for 2 nights. Not bad overall... but I'd prob want to try another hotel next time I'm in LA. Didn't do enough to convince me to stay again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>DCArea-Susan
<Content>Beautiful Common Spaces, Rooms are Tired I stayed here for 5 nights in conjunction with a business-related symposium at the convention center. Common spaces are beautiful - very grand, elegant, and ornate.I would describe my room as tired and in need of some refurbishment and a good cleaning. There were no wash cloths the first night, an ice bucket liner was not provided, (and the self that holds the ice bucket in the ice machine was missing), my night stand was dirty, there was a black hair in one of the bathroom glasses, grout and spackle had not been cleaned off the tub enclosure and tiles, I found a black bobby pin on the floor, one of two safes in my room had been left locked (the bigger, more easily accessible one which could hold a lap top) and the handicap grab bar in my bathtub was broken. The repair man came to fix the grab bar while I was unpacking and I shooed him away until the next day. It was not fixed the next evening when I returned to my room. I did complain to the front desk about the grab bar and the safe. The grab bar was fixed.There are very limited dining options on Sunday evenings - both Sai Sai and the sports bar were closed (and there were two play-off games that evening!). An imported beer at the bar cost me $6.50 but you are given a bowl of mixed nuts (no peanuts) that is refilled. I thought the food at Esmereldi's was very good, but pricy ($12 for my glass of wine), however, subsequent dining in the downtown area at other restaurants revealed this to be in line with other nice dining options. The food at Sai Sai was also very good, but pricy.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>bloste
<Content>New Year's at the Biltmore My husband and I booked a room for at the Millennium Biltmore Hotel Los Angeles on line for December 31st. We later added a New Year's package (including dinner, a party, and breakfast.) Upon arrival, the reception desk had lost our reservation, and offered us a significantly higher price. (A very professional marketing manager was helpful in making sure that they respected the original, printed price.) Our 11th-floor (smallish) room had a comfortable, king-sized bed. We arrived for dinner at 7:55 pm and left over 3 hours later, NOT because we were lingering over the meal, but because Smeraldi's had the worst service we have ever experienced, especially with a prix fixe menu! Everyone around us was either complaining to the Manager or simply leaving before completing their meal. The food was acceptable, but there were billing errors. The New Year's party following was fun, with Latino dance music and champagne at midnight. Happy 2008, but not to be repeated in 2009. By the way, downtown LA is a great place to walk around.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Gabe712
<Content>Dissapointed My problems with the room are; the bed, Room 659 (or 569.. i forget) DID NOT have a king size bed like i requested. It looked more like a full. I asked for a smoking room and could NOT find an ashtray. Besides the shower handles that felt like they were going to come through the wall.. water pressure was miserable! And the toilet.. looked like something you see in jail movies.. didn't even have a cover. I realize the Biltmore is an older classic hotel, but i've seen nicer rooms at budget motels. Anyhow, I don't feel like i got what i paid for. In the hotels defense.. I was in a hurry and did not have time to allow them to address my concerns.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mbagf7
<Content>RUN!!!! Star Wars Bar...No, I mean Hotel Do not stay! Don't pay attention to the photos or anything you read that makes you think it is worth the price. Before I arrived I call the night Supervisor to confirm my reservation. I will tell you what you what the room will be..just listen as she barked the difference between adjoining and two rooms next to each other. Very rude. The other comment I got when I called and said that the hotel had mixed reviews online was...those people should not complain, it is not like they are going to live here.Management needs to read the comments and respond..or just change the management. The stay just confirmed it all..run the other way!!!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JuhnsTraveler
<Content>Worst experience ever! Please do not stay at this hotel. I cannot believe they are still in business. I checked in on Sunday night on thanksgiving week. 15 min later I wanted my car so that I can park outside of the hotel since their parking fee is $35 a night. When I got my car back, my car was damaged. They told me to fill out their accident report and told me someone will call me back. Next day no one called me so I complaint at front desk. They told me that is none of their business, as parking is outsourced to different company. Until today 2 weeks after thanksgiving, I still not have received any call from them. I might have to fix the car myself out of my insurance. Very unprofessional and they do not care about customers at all.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hurricanejazz
<Content>Biltmore Millenium Beautiful Foyer, good restaurants, terrible rooms Stayed at the Millenium in October for Work for 5 nights, in downtown LA. Not a lot going on in Downtown LA after 5PM. We were working a convention at the Convention center. Hotel: Anyways walking into the hotel - it is impressive. Beautiful foyer, chandeliers, high end restaurants, etc.. Hustling and Bustling. Great to go here for dinner but not to stay the night. The fitness center and pool are great also.Restaurants: Esmereldi's good food and good breakfast but pricey. Sai Sai - Expensive Sushi, but really good food and atmosphere. Sports Bar: A little dirty but the good pub fare.Rooms: This is where the Millenium lacks. Old carpets, small rooms, old beds, really old TV's and they were small. Getting the internet was a pain. Long hallways to walk down. Bathrooms had poor water pressure.Overall: The Millenium is historic, but it peaked in the 1940's when Dean Martin and company used to ang out there - as is seen in pictures all over the property. Not a great place for Business Travellers.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	4	4	1	

<Author>zapladybug
<Content>Worst bed ever I organized a luncheon for 250 people at the Biltmore and spent the night at the hotel the night before. We ate a late dinner at the Grand Avenue bar. The waitress mixed up our order  the food was bland. My bed (on the club floor) was horrible -- I could feel the individual springs in the mattress. The bathroom is really small, but it's an old hotel. The club floor breakfast was nice. The customer service (outside the club room) left a lot to be desired. I'd think twice about hosting an event here -- they sent us a room diagram with 25 tables  then insisted they would only set 24 until I threw a fit 45 mins before the luncheon began. Also, they couldn't find the twenty-one 24x36 foam core boards that were delivered to the hotel the day before the luncheon. The boards did not appear until 90 mins before the luncheon  until they were found the staff insisted that they didn't have them.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	1	2	

<Author>mas709
<Content>Old World Charm I was in LA for business and spent 2 nights at the Biltmore in downtown LA. It is a grand old hotel, which has both pros and cons. The pros include a room with high ceilings and wide entryways, which give one the feeling of space. The furnishings are tasteful, if a bit dated. Closet / dresser space is limited, though. The main drawback for me was the lack of electrical outlets and the outdated (at least in appearance) nature of the existing ones. The rest of the hotel itself offers fantastic photo ops, from the ornate lobby and grand hall to the dining room frescoes and chandeliers...even the pool / fitness center! I would recommend this hotel if you are staying in the downtown area, although there is not a great deal to do in the evenings.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>travelgirlfromlondon
<Content>One would expect much more! I have booked this hotel via British Airways and BA e-mailed them, I e-mailed them several times with my simple requests regarding a quiet room with good views. Miranda in Reservations said no problems but what I have experienced was completely different.The hotel's common areas on the ground floor are simly majestic (a mixture between Alphonso XIII in Seville and Nacional de Cuba in Havana). However this is where the beauty stops, as my room had no views (imagine a U shaped wall and my window at the base at the U - limited views). The most upsetting though after spending all this time on e-mails was the room location on a busy hallway. It was very difficult to sleep (after a 11h flight and 8h difference with London) with all the disconsiderate young girls shouting on the hallway up to 3am LA time (the doors were so thin), nevermind the engine like permanent noise that came from somewhere outside (probably underground) that made even things in the bathroom vibrate). The room did not have double glazing was very basic and looks like a 2 or 3 star hotel. I was offered a room on the next floor but just above, so probably the same problems. At 4am I went to the Business Room to print 2 pages that cost me together with 6min spent online the amount of almost 7 dollars (could be pricey for the Americans). It seems to me the hotel would more suit a big noisy group and not quiet tired people. The receptionist said the hotel does not have plans for a future renovation (the bathroom would definitely benefit). At 7am I checked out and just after 8am I was comfortably checked in Beverly Hilton (that's what I call outstanding service). Based on the lack of sleep and presentation I would rate my experience as terrible and the hotel as a 3 star only.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>isolde
<Content>Very tired room Got the room for $100 on Priceline, which is a fair price for downtown LA. Needed a hotel near the Disney concert hall, but would never stay here again. It's a huge place, the public areas are quite beautiful, but the room was very, very tired. Mostly based on the fact that the bathroom hadn't been renovated in 35 years or more, mismatched tiles, etc. The housekeeping standard is terrible--thick layer of dust on the bathroom lights and the ventilation grills. I also expect much higher quality beds if you're going to claim this is a 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller777
<Content>Loved it! I stayed in this hotel in September 2007. Before making a reservation I read all reviews of which many were very contradictory and that made me a little worried. Some people rated the hotel as 'terrible' while the others 'excellent': What's 'dump' for one is a 'lovely place' for another. You can not expect the hotel to be brand new if people have stayed there before you and certainly will after you. Nobody is going to paint the walls after each guest leaves!!! What I'm trying to say is that the reviews are very helpful but at the same time you should not take it as 100% truth. When I checked in with a party of 10 people, the staff was very helpful and we were checked in prompthly. The rooms were big, nicely decorated and very clean. I loved the hotel and would stay here again in a hearbeat!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fotolady
<Content>Very very tired hotel I recently stayed at the Biltmore in downtown LA and was very disappointed. I was part of a large not-for-profit conference group, and my guess is the rates were good so that is where we stayed. I would like to say that the conference facilites were good and the food better than average for this type of situation. But the rooms were really tired. Very old and faded furniture, old bathrooms, tiny tv's. Non of the little amenities that make your stay a bit nicer ie. makeup mirror, mini bar, safe in room. Even in my upgraded suite the room was just bigger, but pretty barren. At least in the suite I had a slightly larger tv and a closet. Plus, in the business center you were charged $.49 a minute to use their computers, which is really nuts. Downtown LA is very sketchy, and If you are attending a conference at the Biltmore, try to stay in one of the other hotels nearby. The staff was fine, but the accomodations very poor.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	2	3	3	1	

<Author>JillyCLondon
<Content>Very disappointing We stayed at this hotel as part of a road trip; it was the most expensive hotel of the stay and the most disappointing at the same time. Very snooty reception desk, surprising as most of the clientele were dressed casually. We were given one of the worst rooms in the place, dank, dark and dusty. We complained immediately and someone on the front desk said they would allocate another room but this didn't materialise until I had phoned the front desk a further FOUR times, not what one needs after a long journey when all you want to do is unpack and take a shower. The room we were given was slightly better but still disappointing. On the plus side we met a couple of very nice staff members, the concierges could not have been more helpful and the lady who served in the bar was lovely. Do think carefully before booking this, I wish we had gone for something like the Chateau Marmont or similar now.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>ray-josh
<Content>Great Hotel, lots of history Definately a great place to stay in the heart of historic downtown LA. I booked it thru priceline, I bid 90 dollars for a 4 star in Downtown and came out with this one. Be sure to try to find parking in one of the public lots or street parking though, once you pull in the hotel lot, you are virtually blocked in and have to pay 32 bucks for valet. Not worth it when you can park outside for like 10 bucks or even less. Also, 30 bucks for a sandwich and water is a bit pricey for my style so you may wanna steer clear of room service. If you dont use priceline you will end up paying $150+. Bathroom door wouldnt lock closed and the bathroom was pretty small but the room was huge and had lots of class. I would stay there again for sure, if thats where Priceline sends me.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Edge18
<Content>Lovely all round hotel Well all I can say is perfect. We were a bit apprehensive as it was our first time in LA and we had read some mixed reviews.All I can say it we found every aspect of the hotel to be fine.All the staff, receptionist, bellboy, valet etc were all very helfpful and friendly.We had a standard room and it was adequate, with a coffee maker and a power shower!!!!!!The location is ideal to get out and about ,and there are shops, bars and restaurants all close by. We went out both during the day and night and felt quite safe.The hotel arranged a tour of la and hollywood for us and this was again very informative and valu for money. We were collected and taken to meet the tour bus and returned to the hotel afterwards.I know that others have complained about the valet costs which do seem high 39 dollars, but when you look around this an average for all the hotels in the LA area.Mrs Edge, liverpool, uk  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>cobaltblue
<Content>Just OK The hotel reception looks very nice and it seems as if all the guests at the time were business travelers.The hotel staff is rude.The room was very noisy and could not open the windows because of the noise and because other rooms would have looked right in. I also could not figure out how to work the heater so we were cold.The room had a big tv, a radio alarm clock, the bed was nice and there were several lamps that you had to light while walking all the way from the front door to the window in the dark.The bathroom was very small but it had the necessary amenities.All in all it was OK.The area is great during business hours but otherwise it is not good.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	4	1	-1	4	

<Author>MichaelMancini
<Content>Amazing historic hotel in downtown!       The room  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NancyClaire
<Content>History Comes Alive Here! This is an amazing hotel for those who appreciate the beauty of early 20th century architecture. The hotel opened in 1923 and still retains most of that early grandeur. The hotel is clean, large, and stylish. My room had two double beds and was an average size. It was more than fine. Restaurants are on the expensive side, but it is Los Angeles. The neighborhood is in the heart of downtown. As a female alone, I did not feel nervous or uncomfortable about the area at all. People who complain about the area must be making their first trip of a lifetime to the big city! Have they never seen a homeless person? I loved the Biltmore and can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelAdvice101
<Content>Simply beautiful! What a beautiful hotel! Everything from the lobby area to the hallways and the architecture was beautiful!I stayed in one of the Club Rooms (business travelers) on the 10th / 11th floor. One of the perks of these rooms is that you have access to the business lounge on the 10th floor which offers continental breakfast in the morning and refreshments in the evening (all inclusive of your room rate). Keep in mind, you are paying a higher room rate, so not sure if it's necessarily worth it for leisure travelers. The breakfast was average (coffee, juices, cereal, fruit  yogurt, and some pastries) and the evening refreshments consisted of sodas, crackers  cheese  meat, fruits, and cookies. It was a nice set-up in a lounge area with tables and couches and flat screen tv's. Internet access is also free should you have access to the lounge.Speaking of Internet access, it costs $9.95 for a 24 hr period from your room. Also, because the building is older, wireless reception is not that great and the signal quite weak. Make sure to bring an ethernet cable along to plug into. Cell phone reception is also quite weak -- mine kept fading in and out depending on where I was in the hotel/room, so beware of that.The room size was awesome. So much floor space and a sitting area with couch and table also. Not sure if this was just available for Club Rooms, or it's a standard feature. The only disappointment was the bathroom size. On one hand you have a HUGE room with TONS of floor space and even a walk-in closet, yet the bathroom was TINY with not much room to move in at all. Also, the tub was in bad shape -- cracks in the drainage area. I think the bathroom needed a renovation.All in all, great place to stay. Excellent location, if you want to be in downtown. Seems like there were quite a few restaurants in the area. I didn't have much time to get out, so I grabbed a bite at Smeraldi's one night and Sai Sai the next night. Both restaurants are within the hotel. Smeraldi's is Italian with a Meditteranean touch. Really great food and excellent creme brulee! Best I've had in LA so far! Sai Sai is a Japanese place. Beautiful setting and excellent service.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Traveler16Chicago
<Content>Great Stay For Mom and 16 Year Old Daughter My 16 year old daughter and I spent 7 nights in early August. This was a her choice vacation.We found the Biltmore to be a perfect central location to all the touristy things she wanted to do -- 2 days at Venice Beach/Santa Monica Pier (rent the chopper bikes for 2 hours...sooo fun), a day at the San Diego Wild Animal Park, 2 days shopping on Melrose/Robertson (of course), 1 day on Catalina Island, 1 day at Disneyland.The hotel was perfect for us -- an easy drive to everything, large very, very nice room and bathroom. We looked at the fitness center, which would have been fine, but we were too busy to use it.A solid 3 star hotel.Staff was fine for the little time we spent there. Parking in the underground across the street for $14 instead of valet at the hotel was perfect for us --- we felt completely safe even returning to the hotel as late as midnight.We had a few dinners at the fast food places within walking distance of the hotel (we weren't in LA to eat) and several lovely late desserts at the fancy hotel restaurants.The Biltmore was a pleasant surprise and we would definitely go back. We both highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leclaire68
<Content>Charm        King room #329  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>ganderno1
<Content>lovely hotel, shame about the area on arrival i had a problem booking into our family room as i didnt have a credit card and they were going to charge me $500 per night cash, when after alot of haggling got them down to $ 100 per stay!!! (which i certainly didnt need after a 11 hour flight).the hotel was beautiful and the rooms very clean, which i couldnt fault at all. i found the staff a little rude and didnt have a clue about transport around the area.it is easy to use the metro(train) and bus(very frequent and cheap). The area was full of tramps and groups of youths hanging about(but no trouble). the area was being upgraded and lots of building work taking place but nothing open after 8pm and nothing to do, you have to travel to see anything, but the metro is easy and convenient to use.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	1	2	2	

<Author>Ria_K
<Content>close to all attractions We stayed there during August 2007 and found that it was a good central place to stay for a tourist looking to see LA.We were able to visit universal studios,Beverly hills/Rodeo Drive, Malibu and Pacific coast highway,mullholand drive and venice/santa monica beach all withing good range from the hotel.We were also lucky to see a lot of film/video shootings in downtown area.it seems they do a lot of those around the hotel in downtown.Save money by ---1) Parking at the hotel is expensive $32 !! So try Parking in the underground garage located on S. Olive St which is across the street from the rear entrance of the hotel.It costs just $14 for overnight parking and on weekends even cheaper $12 2) Eating at Subway ,Quiznos or Dominos(on S olive street right behind the hotel) all located within walking distance from the hotel.One complaint we had was the bathroom smelled horrible like there was mould growing but other that that the stay was good and felt very safe walking at night  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>holmes97
<Content>The rudest hotel staff All staff we encountered were extremely rude - especially the concierge. Nobody at this hotel speaks English - so you can't get directions to any of the hotel amenities. And, if they do speak English - they don't know anything. Everything at this hotel is extremely over priced - from the $32 parking to the $2.25 drinks in the vending machines. The hotel website says it has a continental breakfast - this is not a complimentary breakfast. A breakfast of outmeal and a bagel will cost you $36.00. And, to access the fitness center and pool - you have to walk from the elevator through the main lobby and down a set of stairs.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moritzfamily
<Content>disgusting and horrible despite history first, it took an hour to check into our rooms. i have a family of six. we asked for two rooms next to each other. this was impossible. second. it took hours for them to deliver our bags. literally hours. maybe i didn't tip them enough on my way in for the $32/day parking. next, and my biggest complaint for such a historical hotel, the rooms were dark and appeared to have never been cleaned. the bathroom tiles were tainted black and there were CIGARETTE BUTTS in the corner of a non-smoking room. on top of that, the road noise reached all the way up to the ninth floor and i couldn't fall a sleep because of a party being held in or around the hotel until 2am. i would never recommend this hotel. EVER. unless yyou just want to take a picture in the beautiful lobby.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>kingcocopuff
<Content>Overall, a good experience We stayed at the Millenium Biltmore for 4 nights while in LA for a wedding and really enjoyed the hotel. We were fortunate enough to get a nice big room (we booked through [--], so it was up for grabs), and really enjoyed the beautiful decor and fabulous lobby and corridors. The cognac bar was a great place to meet friends and sip wine. I would agree with some of the reviews that the staff is not the most charming you have ever seen. You feel a bit like another faceless guest at times. But with the exception of one waiter at the hotel restaurant, the staff was efficient and helpful.The area around the hotel had some things of interest. You are a block away from the Downtown Library that had a great art exposition going at the time. Lots of outdoor art around the many skyscraping buildings too. Having a car is almost essencial though if you want to see anything other than a few blocks away from the hotel. It is quite empty after 5pm and deserted on the weekends.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>NativeHou
<Content>Beautiful Gem in the Heart of LA Had a 2 night stay at the Biltmore in Los Angeles. The lobby and common areas are absolutely beautiful. Was once home of the Academy Awards. Room and bathroom were small, but had everything you needed. Good shower. I'd highly recommend to anyone looking for an affordable, central location in Downtown LA. The only negative was the cost of the valet parking - $32 a day with in/out privileges. There is overnight parking across the street, under the park, for $14 per day. A better option.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pneyu
<Content>A balanced picture of the Biltmore I'm writing this review to dispel some of the complaints about this hotel. First of all, this is in downtown Los Angeles, where there are homeless people, but I, as a female, never felt threatened by the surroundings. If you're concerned about the neighborhood, ask the hotel staff for tips and other guidelines on where to go. Another fact of visiting Los Angeles: You need a car. Downtown LA, like many other business centers, empties out after the workday, so your options might be limited. Yes, the rooms are relatively small, as are the bathrooms. Also, my bathroom showed tiny signs of neglect, but you had to look very hard to see it. We never felt penned in, and the AC was strong and cool that broiling SoCal weekend.However, the staff was responsive, and the lobby is indeed gorgeous. If you don't like the hotel restaurant, check out the many fine dining establishments now commonplace in downtown LA. Need a car? There's an Enterprise office across the street. There's a lot of potential around the Biltmore.Overall, though, the Biltmore was fine. It definitely wasn't a four-star hotel, and you're likely best off booking it through Priceline or Hotwire. Just don't let the bad reviews scare you away.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SiameseKitty
<Content>Horrible! I paid an arm and a leg to stay here, and it was not worth it at all! I was so disappointed because from the outside and from the Internet photos, the Biltmore still looks grand and luxurious. In reality, it is subpar. The bed was a joke - thin and bouncy mattress and thin pillows. The linens made me itch a few minutes after sitting on them. All in all, the hotel is a little creepy. It has not been kept up. The rooms are dated (and not in a good, historic way) with small TVs and little counter space for your stuff. Parking is $36 a day, which is just outrageous. I looked all over the hotel's website to find out how much it would cost and could not find the price listed anywhere - now I see why. Other 4-star downtown hotels charge $25/day. The valets drive your car off to a distant parking lot somewhere downtown, so when you are waiting to get it back you are left standing and waiting for a v-e-r-y long time. I was so appalled I didn't even sleep here. I just left after a few hours and stayed somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>lizzieAustralia
<Content>Loved the architecture in this grand hotel! I stayed at this hotel for 3 days with my husband and two teenagers. The hotel's decor was beautiful a reminder of the extravegant and luxurious hotels of the past. Upon arrival cherry coated chocolates were in our room with a personalised welcome letter. The main hotel restaurant Smiraldi's service was excellent as was the food. Definately the best al a carte meal I had in America. The waiters were extremely friendly and very professional. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience the charm of a grand old hotel. Lizzie Australia  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>PassportStamps17
<Content>amazing old hotel The entire building is unbelieveable. It's really ornate, like a palace. It was built almost 100 years ago, and they sure don't make hotels like this anymore. It's a little pricy, but for a downtown LA location with this much historical appeal, it's worth the splurge.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prodigal_Hoosier
<Content>Grand at first blush, but the rooms, service, and extra costs ruin the value This historic hotel is grand in its common areas, and by the looks of the room and the service the hotel is targeting the rental of its meeting rooms rather than its services as a hotel for travelers. Don't be fooled by their website photos. The photos do not provide an accurate overall picture of the environment. We generally use the Choice Hotels' Clarion, but decided to go for something out of the ordinary to make the trip more exciting. Bad decision. The true cost of your stay is not reflected in the rate, because they will charge you for every service you use. Rooms: Dingy and in dire need of repairs/upgrades. Once we entered our room we were certain that we were in a 2 star hotel. Repairs to the tile, plumbing, and fixtures looked like they had been performed by the bellhop. The workmanship and materials were low grade. Tile grout had been replaced with poorly installed silicone caulk--ultra cheap. Services: $9.95 for 24 hrs. of Internet access. Free Internet access is something I have come to take for granted. Another mistake. The good news, the LA library is just a half a block away and offers free Internet access to the public. Great walking destination after breakfast or early dinner. The hotel charges for LOCAL calls $1 each. The hotel charges for Toll-free calls, $1 each. Linens: Terrible. The sheets were thin and so were the pillows. Towels were thick and nice.Parking: $32 per day. I am not a fan of giving my car over to strangers, or being gouged for parking, so we parked across the street each evening for $14 in the underground parking garage which felt safe and secure and is little further from the elevators than is the hotel's driveway valet drop off.Pool  Exercise Room: The pool has a classic look with tile throughout with an attractive brass railing all around. Unfortunately, it is very small. With three other people in the pool we felt it was too crowded to get in. Also, the floor surrounding the pool was dirty. The exercise equipment might have been installed for the hotel's original grand opening in the 30s. And it is crammed into much less space than is needed to enjoy your workout. Restaurants: We ate at Smeraldi's the first night. Food was good, the service very slow. The prices were reasonable. The second evening we stopped in what the hotel touts as Downtown LA's hottest sports bar.  It must be downtown LA's only sports bar, then. And it is not open on Sundays. Uh, don't most sporting events occur on Sunday? Anyway, the food was poor, the beer was warm and the service was very slow. We actually had to get up from the table and go to the bar to ask for drink refills. The environment was dark and dreary, but there are plenty of televisions, if you want to watch a game.All-in-all this is a lousy place to stay, whatever the cost, and the final cost is far too high for the accommodations. Not a good value.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>merpati2929
<Content>Better Then Expected I recently stayed at the Millenium Biltmore evening of July 25th as I needed a place in the Los Angeles area without having to drive back out to Riverside for the evening. I was slightly concerned about the hotel in reading reviews here but after staying it was not as bad as I had feared. I arrived around 7pm on the evening of the 25th and was quickly helped with the bellman and the car was whisked away within seconds of it being unloaded. There was no wait at check-in which was polite and professional and the bellman literally followed us to the room with my friend and I with the only exception him taking the service elevator while we took the public one even though we both met up on the 8th floor at the same time. He quickly showed us to our room and unloaded all of our bags as my friend had quite the shopping trip on Rodeo Dr. earlier in the day and asked if we needed anything additional and even offered to fill our ice bucket which I thought was a nice touch. As we planned to go out later in the evening I called ahead for the valet to get the car ready and by the time we walked down after the call which was approx 10 minutes the car was ready and waiting for us.As stated in previous posts with it being an older holtel the rooms vary in size but the room I was located in was quite large and maybe even a bit too large with the furniture that was in the room. I do believe the room could use a bit of an upgrade in terms of bedding but the rest of the furniture seemed plentiful and there were plenty of both electrical outlets in the room for all of the stylist products of my friend to use. While the view of the room wasn't much you could see parts of Olive St which is better then most buildings which are smaller in size in crowded downtowns. Check-out was fast and efficent and once again I called down to have the valet get the car ready ahead of time and this time it was only about 5 minutes after I left the room and the car was ready and waiting once again.Overall the staff were professional and helpful with my only hesitation staying there again the aging beds and linens which could definately use an upgrade to bring them up to the 4* standard.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>wanderluster37
<Content>Terrible Service My husband and I stayed at the Biltmore on our wedding night. We booked this as a special treat to ourselves because we could not afford a honeymoon since we are both graduate students. Since we are both history buffs, we booked the Biltmore for its historical value and it seemed like the closest we could get to European grandeur without having to go to Europe (or Vegas, heaven forbid).Like others have stated, the entrance of the hotel is spectacular and the pictures speak for themselves. We booked a standard room but we were hoping to get a free room upgrade as most similar-class hotels provide this service for new bride and grooms. In fact, nearly all of our friends received free room upgrades and complimentary champagne and strawberries on their wedding nights in similar hotels in the area such as the hilton, westin, intercontinental, and the hyatt.We walked in with our full wedding attire and received many congratulations from random people. However, we were only met with rudeness with the concierge. The service was curt, there was no mention of congratulation, and when we asked if any kind of upgrades or services were available, the front desk person seemed appalled that we should even ask. When we mentioned our friends who had received this service at the Omni recently, they said, Well then maybe you should have booked at the Omni.We were not expecting or demanding any kind of upgrade; we just inquired based upon the experiences of our other married friends. The fact that we were rebuffed in such a rude way was a major sore spot on our wedding night. The room we did end up staying in was almost offensive for the price we paid- we have even stayed in nicer hostels in Europe for a fraction of the price. My husband felt sorry that we had to spend our wedding night like this and we were very close to getting another room at the Bonaventure just down the street. We have stayed in their rooms and although they are small, the furnishings and decor are up to par with a 4 star hotel. We even called the Bonaventure from our Biltmore hotel room to inquire about room availabilities, and when we asked about services for new bride and grooms, the concierge replied professionally and guaranteed that yes, the Bonaventure always provides room upgrades for bride and grooms based on room availability, and we would have definitely received a suite if we had booked that evening. We ultimately decided not to book since we were so exhausted from the wedding and we didn't want to have to pay another $35 for valet parking on top of a wasted hotel night fee.The grand days of the BIltmore are certainly behind it. Judging by the service, you can tell that the hotel is struggling as it cannot keep up with its competitors in standard measures of hospitality. Downtown Los Angeles is rapidly developing and ironically, the once swanky and fashionable Biltmore will not be able to keep up with its gentrifying surroundings.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>ColoradoTripfan
<Content>Gorgeous and delightful Arrived at the hotel and it looked like the palaces in Europe with incredible ceilings. The halls were bright and clean. The surprise was that even though we booked on hotwire, we were upgraded to a suite with a lovely king bed, walk in closet, and separate sitting room with sofa and dining table. Only downside was that the room was not as soundproofed as it could have been. Traffic noise was audible, though not so bad that it prevented sleep.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrR0ng
<Content>Classy old girl The Millennium Biltmore was a beautiful old hotel. The public areas were gorgeous. The old girl definitely had a sense of history about her. I especially enjoyed the work out facility and pool. I felt like I was working out in the 40's. Really fun. The room was quite nice, large and well apportioned. I was able to get wireless in my room, which worked quite well. Very convenient to shopping and dining. I did have difficulty finding the concierge staff. As a former conicerge, I often depend upon concierge to ensure that I have a good stay. The concierge staff were hard to find. They alternate betweee being upstairs in the lounge, and downstairs on the desk. Overall, a great stay.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Bingenheimer
<Content>Classic Elegance Stayed at the Biltmore for one-night recently. Everyone should stay at least one-night at this gorgeous old hotel simply for the experience. The rooms are small and the windows let in lots of noise, but the decor and the luxurious trappings are not to be missed. The Gallery bar was a great place to hang out to watch drunken bridesmaids hit on the old bartender. Staff was professional and courteous, but front desk check-in was a time-consuming nightmare. Great price on the room makes up for that inconvenience, though. Overall, good.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>JaySFBayArea
<Content>Terrible Hotel For The Money The Good: I love Downtown LA and there is much to do with Staples Center, good public transit (subway ) to Long Beach, great restaurants, and Dodger Stadium is just a short drive away. I stay in LA about every other month for work and always have a great time. Did I mention I love staying in Los Angeles. The hotel lobby and bar are absolutely beautiful I couldn't wait to get to my roomThe Bad: The rooms are not acceptable, I actually thought seriously about going to a different hotel! Luckily my wife was not with me because I doubt that she would have stayed. The rooms have beds and linens that must be 20 years old. Everything looked tired and dirty. The TV is the same 13 inch TV I had in my kitchen 25 years ago. I asked an employee if he had ever eaten at the sushi restaurant or if he had ever heard anything. He said he wouldn't eat there as he noted that if smelled really fish at times and he had heard bad things. I have stayed at the competition; Bonaventure, Marriott, Wilshire Grand and would gladly have stayed at any of them, although I do not ecommend the Wilshire. The Bonventure is a good deal and kind of neat to hang out in and around, just remember none are modern mavels.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>n23ramesh
<Content>Great Hotel for Low Price My stay in this exquisite hotel became a life time memory. Staying in this hotel is like staying in a palace; however, I feel this hotel is lacking in good marketing. The price of this hotel is worth far more than what is being asked. People would be more than willing to pay more if few things were included in asking price such as parking, internet, refregerators, microwaves and more up to date TV sets. I feel price for this hotel room is far below what it should be..I will definately stay in this hotel again..  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>blueskyholiday
<Content>For the price, it couldn't be better! My boyfriend and I stayed a night at the Millenium Hilton on a short stay in Los Angeles for the Police Concert at Dodger Stadium. I booked through Expedia, and my rate for a Saturday night was only $150 including taxes and fees. Rare for an upscale hotel these days, especially in a large city. We recently paid the same price for a fleebag motel in Monterey.Pros:* Amazing public spaces. I felt like I was transported to the glamour days of Hollywood past. Felt like a grand old New York style hotel.* Great bar. Not the sports bar, but the main bar attached to the lobby -- was gorgeous. Drinks however, were expensive. My Appletini was $14!! Free nuts though.* Room was charming. High ceilings, nice moulding, bed was comfortable and room was quiet. Who cares that the tv was a bit small...we were not there to watch the tube.*Easy to find.* Neighborhood is not 'scary' like other people have reported. It's just in a business district so there's not a lot going on at night. You'll need to drive if you want nightlife, unless of course you walk over to the Standard Hotel's roof top bar / club which is great.CONS:* Sports bar: ech. Dark, dingy, did not serve late night food. Actually it was really difficult to find late night eats besides the room service menu.* Expensive valet parking at $32 per stay. Also it was very crowded and there was an air of confusion where you drive up. Your car is whisked away before you even know what's going on. Make sure you have all your things with you when you exit your vehicle, I heard it was very difficult to retrieve items after the car has been parked.**************************We didn't visit the pool which I would have liked to comment on but the pictures look amazing.All in all, very worth the money. We'll be back.Oh...one more thing, Expedia gives it a 3 and a half star rating (hotel class, I believe, not based on reviews) -- not 4 stars as reported on this website. I would have to agree with the 3.5 star rating as it could be use a little TLC.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>digrace
<Content>It's a wonderful experience in everyway - not in Kansas anymore To all of those who are insulting this hotel and the location I would have to disagree. I grew up in Kansas so I am no city slicker but I don't see ANY homeless people around this hotel. The streets are clean and safe. I now live in San Francisco and it is much more intimidating. The hotel is lovely and has good service. Furthermore, what do you want for a 3 1/2 star? The rate is $129 per night and parking is what it is. I can't believe the way some people are so self serving that they'd ruin a great experience and price for an average income working American to see a great historic architectural place. It has great restaurants everywhere and I walked the streets last night a 11pm with no problems. It aint the Four Seasons but overall it is the best hotel in downtown LA...  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roddy_Rod
<Content>Mixed Reaction I believe the letter I sent the manager afterI checked out sums up my expierence at this hotel. I will preface this with a few things, I have had good expierences there in the past and I did get a response from the hotel manager and a phone call to follow up - so I do give high remarks for that; however the manager did not offer any compensation of any kind and just said to call him next time I stayed there. Here is the letter: I checked out of this hotel today June 3, 2007 and I can honestly say that this was one of the worst hotel experiences I have had. I have stayed at your hotel before nd have had pleasant experiences, but after this last time - I will think twice before I reserve there or continue to recommend your hotel to friends and family. The room I was assigned was drab, walls were bare, and pieces of the room were wore very badly - it was RM 329. When asked if there were other rooms to switch to - there were no other rooms in the class I had reserved so I was stuck with the room, which overlook the industrial portion of your hotel, so needless to say I left my shutters shut because of the disgusting view. Additionally, staff were very unfriendly and no one every smiled - at any point except for the maid staff who made it a point to say hello and good morning, everyone else in the hotel had some big chip on their shoulder. The valet attendants were lax and just hung around until one of them decided to get my car. At one point I waited 15 minutes to get my car and during that entire time there were no other guests dropping off or picking up there car. I saw a ticket come up for my car and a lien of guys standing around doing nothing for at least 5 minutes before one of them decided to pick up the slip and retrieve the car - and for this I pay $32 a day? Lastly, when I checked out, I wasn鈥檛 even asked how my stay was, which is typical hospitality protocol and I was just given my bill and sent away. There wasn't even an opportunity to reviewthe bill before it charged to my credit card - it was just printed and handed to me. I am shocked at how horrible everything was for an establishment like yours and really greatly disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>travelmelToronto
<Content>great to experience the Biltmore This is a perfect hotel for those interested in the grandeur of the past. The housekeeping service was quick, clean and efficient. Tea was lovely, except the server was not very engaged. On the other hand, the bartender in the lounge was outstanding. Terrific stories of the past. If you are looking for flat screen tvs and sleek duvets with trendy touches-this is not the place. But if you love ambiance and garndeur in public spaces...time to check in.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ForensicAubs
<Content>4 stars!!! Loved the location, history, service and grandeur of the Biltmore       Ball room  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zoobie
<Content>Millenium Biltmore is a real treat       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markotoole
<Content>Great, classic meeting space, classically outdated rooms The Biltmore really feels like LA of old. The common space, lobbies and meeting facilities are dramatic, beautiful and filled with history. Book your meeting there and you'll be happy. The meeting rooms once hosted the Academy Awards and other star-filled functions and they look as good today as they must have 70 years ago.The rooms are another story. Open your wardrobe and find what looks like a 20-year old small TV. Sheets and blankets are thin and old. Bathrooms are functional but small. The room itself is large and the bed moderately comfortable. Food is just OK. As it's an old hotel, outlets are at a premium, especially if you have a laptop, Blackberry, iPod, etc. to plug in.I got a good rate of $161 from Expedia. That's fair for this hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Aloha808
<Content>Nice hotel, good service. but all it takes is one incident.....       Room 635--to the bathroom  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cfopro
<Content>Excellent Choice My wife and I stayed at the Millennium Biltmore over Memorial Day weekend. We initially went with the hotel based on a great deal on Expedia and hoped for the best. Right from our arrival, things went great. We were greeted warmly at check-in and we were informed we were being upgraded to a Junior Suite. The room was huge and, while not super modern, it was immaculate. We were also given vouchers for free breakfast for two mornings and a round of drinks at the hotel bar, to compensate for some minor remodeling going on that weekend (which didn't effect the quality of our stay one bit). The hotel itself is a gorgeous throwback to old L.A. The place has a ton of history and character, while still having all of the basic amentities needed in this modern world (i.e. high speed internet, business center, indoor pool, gym, etc.). It is centrally located and a good base for exploring Los Angeles. Finally, I highly recommend the martinis on offer at the Gallery Bar.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CooperAZ
<Content>Would not stay here again I stayed at the Millennium Biltmore for a conference earlier this month. The location immediately presents a challenge. It is not an area in which I would feel comfortable and safe as a single female traveler walking around during the day, let alone at night.The common areas of the hotel are really quite beautiful, and reflect the grandeur of a more glamourous, old Hollywood. The rooms, however, possess none of the same allure. Worn, dingy sheets with questionable bedspreads to match, dismal views, the constant hum of busy, downtown traffic...I could go on and on. The banquet food, too, was on par with the rooms - dismal.A supreme staff could have bridged the gap to make the experience memorable. The staff fell short, however (with the notable exception of Julio in the bar, who possessed a savvy service level beyond this property, and also the director of rooms, whose name escapes me). From misquoted room service delivery times to failure to deliver packages to a ridiculous $50 charge for chicken fingers in the bar. Yikes. And, the worst part was the apathy and lack of ownership apparent everywhere. Not my problem seemed to be the going mantra.All in all, not a place I would care to return.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>panewsgal
<Content>Okay at best I was at the Biltmore Millennium for a conference earlier this month, and I have to agree with the majority of the previous posters. I travel quite a bit for business, and at this hotel, I feel it's all about the lobby and public areas and the guest rooms are sadly overlooked.When I arrived, I was definitely impressed. The lobby and front desk areas are truly stunning. Front desk clerk tried to upgrade me at check in (for a $50/night fee). I declined. However, I have to say my room was large when I stepped in - I was one of the lucky ones at my conference - other people's rooms were half the size of mine. No matter - as the PR/Marketing person for the hotel stated, it's an old property - and I can definitely understand the room variations in older hotels.What I can't understand, however, is the lack of quality in everything *inside* those guest rooms - small or large. Sheets were thin and paper-like, the pillows were like burlap sacks, the comforter was ratty, and bathroom amenities (shampoos, soaps, etc.) were never replaced during my entire stay even though I used them. In fact, one day the maid knocked a lampshade off the lamp when making the bed, and even though she was back to the room two additional nights - it was never fixed.What ticked me off though was the way the hotel nickel-and-dimed. I understand it's a high business hotel, and the thought process is that people are on expense accounts - and who cares what things cost?? Wrong. Those days are over - I have strict budgets I need to adhere to when I travel for business, and I don't appreciate a $6 charge to print out my boarding passes for my flight (grand total of time in the business center - 3 minutes). The hotel advertises hi speed internet in public areas and guest rooms - but be aware, it's certainly not *complimentary*..The food was very good at my conference, however, and the meeting rooms, while a little chilly (but what meeting rooms aren't?), were beautiful and the ballrooms extraordinary. Staff was always pleasant and helpfulI do agree with other posters, however, that the hotel is not the best location-wise for tourists at all, and while I didn't feel *unsafe* in the neighborhood, it did get a little seedy at night.So once the renovations are complete, I think this would be a fine property for your event or for business meetings. Tourists, however, reconsider.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Blaize76
<Content>Grand hotel that has seen better days I spent four nights at this Biltmore and have to say that the lobby and meeting rooms were impressive and opulent in the old world Hollywood way. The staff was attentive, polite and professional, however the rooms are in serious need of an update. The beds and pillows were very hard. The comforter reminded me of something I have seen in budget hotels. The restaurant and room service was extremely overpriced! I ate at the restaurant three different times and the service was SLOW and the food exceptionally overpriced.If you enjoy being a part of a historic hotel, then I would suggest a night here, however if you are looking for comfort and luxury, look somewhere else.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>josiehVancouver
<Content>Nice staff, avg rooms, terrible neighbourhood The staff members were very helpful and the common areas were quite beautiful - lovely high ceilings and very well-kept.However, the room I stayed in (476) was quite small, tired looking and had a view of a brick wall. The linens were old and not luxurious by any means.The neighbourhood around the hotel is pretty sketchy and there's not much to do, particularly on the weekends. Even the Starbucks close to the hotel is closed on Sundays. I would not stay in downtown LA again. Next time I have meetings in downtown LA, I would stay in Santa Monica or Beverly Hills and rent a car.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	1	3	4	5	3	

<Author>infringerd
<Content>Beautiful Hotel My husband and I recently stayed at the Millennium Biltmore in Los Angles while I was on a business trip. Overall, I'd say we were pretty satisfied with our stay. The hotel is beautiful and has such a fascinating history. I had to be careful to watch where I was walking because I was so busy looking up at the beautiful walls and ceilings. I was lucky enough to get to see several of the ballrooms because of the conference I was attending and I was just as amazed with those as with the rest of the hotel. The room we had was small but sufficient. I had to keep reminding myself that older hotels didn't necessarily have big rooms. We were right by the elevators though and heard the dings from the elevators at all hours of the night. The air conditioner worked very well, but it made a awful banging noise when it turned on and off. We could even hear the banging of the air conditioner in the neighboring room. We also had trouble with the water draining in the bathtub. After probably less than 2 minutes in the shower, the water was over my ankles. For late night snacks, don't count on the vending machines. The floors alternated between vending and ice machines and a search of a couple of floors with the vending machines only turned up Coke machines. The hotel staff was friendly so that was nice. The food at the hotel restaurants was expensive which I somewhat expected. The problem was that on Saturday and Sunday most of the other stores and restaurants in the city are closed, so we didn't have much of a choice but to eat the food at the hotel. It would have been nice to have some other options. Also as an FYI, there is no information in the room as to what ammenities are offered at the hotel (i.e. restaurants with menus or at least highlights and price ranges, pool hours, fitness facility hours, city transportation information, etc.). we found that a bit odd.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AntoniaTempe
<Content>Not so much... I just returned from a 4-day stay at this hotel. The lobby and meeting rooms are quite lovely -- they have an old Hollywood feel. However, the rooms are in need of a serious update. The rooms are large, but very dreary. The window overlooked a brick wall, so there was hardly a chance for any sunlight. The sheets were very low quality, the bedspread was dingy, the shower head had low water flow, the base of the vanity was some kind of painted plywood...I could go on and on. The location is good only if you have a business meeting in downtown. It's just not convenient to much else that tourists would like to see. Also, I just didn't feel that safe walking around on the weekend or in the evening.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>SteveBishop.
<Content>Out of Place, or what!       The best coffee bar ever!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	1	5	3	3	5	

<Author>skygirlIreland
<Content>Millenium Biltmore - Basic and Overpriced! Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for 5 nights in October 2006. On arrival, we were greeted in a friendly and efficient manner and directed to our room. The hotel lobby and all the public areas were fantastic. Not exactly my style hotel, I'm more into contemporary decor but the public areas in this hotel looked fantastic with their traditional decor. Once we entered the corridor from the lift though, we noticed that the standard had dropped dramatically. Instead of looking fresh like the lobby, the corridor looked very dated and in need of some redecoration. Once we entered the room, in this 4 star (?!) hotel, we were not too pleased at all. It was grubby in fact. I moved a chair towards the wall to make a bit more space and there were crumbs from the previous guests there which were obviously not cleaned properly. The room was dark, the bathroom was completely outdated, with dirty looking old tiles and the wooden panelling was painted white a long time ago but was now a dirty yellowy colour. Nothing special about this bathroom at all. I wasn't impressed. I was going to complain and ask to change rooms but I decided maybe that I was just expecting too much and that if this room was like this then all of them probably would.Later then we lay on the bed with the intention of watching telly for a while. There was a large mahogony television/drawers unit a few feet away from the end of the bed but with the side of it facing the bed. We pulled out the sliding tray with the television on it as far as we could and swivelled it as far as we could but we still could not comfortably see the television from the bed. This was a very bad set up altogether. Mind you there was 2 chairs in front of the television unit so perhaps you're only meant to watch television from there?! The concierge though, was very helpful, he helped us to organise a rental car and a day trip to Disneyland, he was a brilliant help to us I must say this.On our first morning, we went for breakfast in the hotels restaurant (we mistakenly thought it was included in the price - our fault). We walked in and it seemed to be a bit of a help yourself/we'll take your order at the table set up, so as the waiters were staring at us (but not approaching to explain the routine) we felt under pressure to just do something. So we took a seat at a free table. The waiter then approached and asked if he could take our order, I just wanted a bowl of Frosties and a slice of toast and my boyfriend ordered an omlette. I got the feeling from the waiter that we must have been doing something wrong with the ordering, and caused him some inconvenience but he never took the time to explain what we were supposed to do therefore how could we rectify this? As a result of whatever we did wrong?? the waiter proceded to be quite rude and abrupt to us throughout serving us. He nearly cut me with a look when I asked for a 2nd glass of orange juice. Next thing shock horror, the bill arrived for the breakfast! You won't believe the price. 7 dollars plus tax for a small bowl of Frosties, 5 dollars plus tax for ONE slice of toast with butter, 3 dollars each for the small glasses of orange juice and 15 dollars for an omlette served with a few breakfast potatoes. When we queried the waiter politely as to whether or not breakfast was included he stomped off to check with reception, he came back and said that it wasn't so we didn't argue and took the bill. He left us momentarily while we organised the money. The total bill including tax was around 38 dollars so we put 40 dollars in the bill booklet and as we stood to leave the waiter practically ran over to our table and picked up the bill booklet, in front of us, he rudely opened the bill, acknowledged the 40 dollars and threw his eyes to heaven with a loud tut because clearly he didn't think that 2 dollars was enough of a tip for making people feel uncomfortable and being rude right throughout our service.The Sports Bar in the hotel was very dingy and really undesirable but we ate there the first night, the food was only ok and a homeless person managed to come in and hassle us for a tip while we were eating.Location-wise, the hotel was only ok too. We rented a car for a day or two which was great and also the metro stop was only around the corner which brought you to most places easily enough but it was a bit of a trek out to Hollywood and Universal Studios. The gym and swimming pool were very poor as well unfortunatlely and we didn't feel the urge to use these facilities once we saw them.Unfortunately, for the price we paid for the grubby accomodation and especially the measly overpriced breakfast, and the rudeness of that waiter, the dirt of the Sports Bar, it was just enough for me to say that for your money you could probably get a better hotel in LA in possibly a better location. I honestly wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone - especially tourists, maybe we had that look about us that they felt they could throw us in any old room and we'd be content because to be honest the hotel seems to hold a lot of business conferences etc during the day and the restaurant where we had breakfast seems to be a classy financial district type restaurant where professionals go for business meetings over dinner or something. They could do with concentrating on their accommodation though. Unless there was a different set of rooms for business guests, then I don't understand how they would stay in this hotel over night?!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	1	4	

<Author>susiebee2002
<Content>Enjoyed the Millenium! My husband  I stayed two nights at the Millenium Biltmore in LA while waiting to board a cruise ship. It was our first time in LA and we thoroughly enjoyed both the hotel and the city. A car rental is a must though to get around and see everything. The hotel was so impressive - old and beautiful; very comfortable room and bed; wonderful restaurant; accomodating staff. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wdharrington
<Content>Biltmore a Bit Loud I spent four nights at this hotel at the end of April and must say I was really disappointed. I've stayed here before, but the room I had previously faced a courtyard and not the street. My room this trip was on the eigth floor, so you'd think street noise wouldn't be a factor, but unfortunately it is. This hotel is so old that it does not have a double pane windows, so you hear everything outside. Since L.A. is always busy, there was always noise. Also, my room did not have drapes, so the morning sunlight also was a problem and I woke up much earlier than I'd prefer. I had a huge corner suite, but there was only a small chair and desk, no couch to lounge on unfortunately. Also, the AC in my room did not work half the time and when it did it sounded like a lawnmower was running in my closet. The valet here is also brutal if you have a car. It takes forever to pull in because their driveway is really small and can't accomodate a lot of traffic. The restaurants here aren't great either and they close really early and are overpriced. This hotel is in need of some serious upgrades or I won't be coming back.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>nedve18
<Content>Nice lobby, horrible rooms I stayed one night ilast December with my family. The moment you arrive the hotel, yo see the beautiful lobby, but once you get the rooms, you want to leave the hotel. Even the service is really good, the rooms are extremely old, but not the old charm they appear they are.Try to find other hotel in downtown, this is not worth it.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>penelope2007
<Content>Beautiful, reasonably priced old hotel My husband and I stayed at the Millenium Biltmore for a long weekend,and we really enjoyed it. The common areas are breathtaking -- the carved ceilings especially -- and the location is great. The rooms are nothing terribly special, but they are clean and spacious. For thevery reasonable price, I think this hotel is a great choice.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>SCB_JR
<Content>Classic hotel even if the rooms aren't Truely a classic, Grand Hotel as the public areas demonstrate. Rich wood, high ceilings and all of the flair and taste that does take you back to the early 20th century. But IT IS an old hotel with the rooms to match. We have stayed there 2X ... once in a standard room and then on the Club level. Both rooms were in need of a degree of freshening as the general furniture and decor was dated and worn. The Club level (a bit more $) did provide a nice sized, corner suite with plenty of light. Included with the level was an excellent breakfast offering ... juices, fresh fruit, yogart, assortments of fresh bakery goods, etc., which was well appreciated. They provided a similar Happy Hour of sorts early evening also. That was a nice touch. We MUCH prefered the Club level and would consider staying again. Service overall, was acceptable, not superior nor terrible.There are several very good restaurants within close walking distance if you choose. If you're looking for luxurious rooms and boutique surroundings, stay across the street at Checkers (have stayed there also) and visit the Biltmore's lobby but expect to pay serious cash for the difference.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MisstheDogs
<Content>Has Class but also Flaws Arriving at the Biltmore and entering the lobby is impressive indeed. It is spacious and rather grand. A long hallway runs behind the lobby and contains restaurants, shops and convention room. The hotel has a good business location and is near the Dorothy Chandler Pavillion. When I went to check in, I had to wait for about 10 minutes because the entire computer system had crashed. However, after, that there way no wait and I was on my way to my room. It was unacceptable.First, the room looked like something out of the 1950s -- an older looking, low-level queen bed complete with a 1950s/1960s style cream bedspread and dust ruffle that didn't match, didn't fit, and was torn. There's good retro and bad retro; this was bad.The carpet was stained. The room was very, very small and very dark. The view was of a wall. The bathroom was tiny and poorly remodeled. There was one wing-back chair that looked incredibly uncomfortable. Also, the room was so small that you couldn't possibly sit in the chair and watch TV. TV was on the dresser. There was a desk with a desk chair. However, the desk was the only table in the room. There was no nightstand -- some weird heavy box-like object (like an overturned computer box) was lying on the floor right next to the bed with various wires attached to it. Not sure what it was or what it was for. But no bed light, no place to put anything if you lay in bed. I didn't see a clock. The only phone was on the desk -- not reachable from the bed.The worst part, however, was that there were huge stains on the cream-colored bedspread. At that point, I demanded a new room.I was upgraded to a junior suite. Very large with separate sitting room, but the furniture was still somewhat dated and I couldn't fairly describe the suite as attractive or luxurious. The carpet was stained. Tiles were missing from the dressing area counter. The TVs (there were 2) were only 19 at best. The bathroom was ok but small and also a bit dated. Also, no mini-bar and no bottled water, coffee or tea. Not sure if there were vending machines but, other than tap water, nothing in the room to drink. Service was unremarkable -- neither great nor bad. Concierge was helpful. Checkout was slow -- there were 7 people in line and only one person to provide assistance. Room service (breakfast) was fine -- prompt and tasty. Had dinner in the Japanese restaurant; it was good as was the service there. Didn't make use of other hotel facilities.I get the impression that what room you end up with could mean the difference between a decent stay and an unsatisfactory one but am not sure what room or type of room you need to request. There is a club level -- didn't stay there but maybe it's better.Overall, my experience was merely okay (once I was in the second room). I've stayed in many nicer hotels for the same price and thus will probably look elsewhere when I return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>ATourist6
<Content>Nice Restoration I stayed at the Millenium Biltmore Hotel with an out of town guest so we could do some shopping in the jewelry district (very convenient.) I was not pleased to get dinged the $32.00 overnight parking charge (no mention of it when I booked the room) although I expect you'll pay a charge for parking in any big city. I had expected some attention with unloading our bags, checking in, etc. (we got some on the way out, but not the way in) and ended up just feeling fortunate that the valet finally parked the car. The hotel is beautifully restored and the common areas of the hotel were immaculately clean. We stayed on the concierge floor (11th) and we were very pleased with our room. The beds were comfortable and the room was very quiet. The fitness center was nice, fairly small but had a steam room which I loved  they are generally hard to find. The concierge lounge was acceptable, not really anything special, and you need to get there early if you are interested in the snacks because when they run out, they aren't replenished! My friend experienced some poor service in the big hotel bar but went on to find the sports bar which she enjoyed very much. The service issues, although small, are what prevent me from giving this hotel maximum stars. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>taprennoc
<Content>Upscale Common Areas, Average Rooms, Good Price I have stayed at this hotel several times over the past year, and never been disappointed. First Impression is the lobby, ballroom hall, and the Bar are fantastic and reminiscent of old hollywood. It has a great gym also. The rooms are in need of an update of the bed linens to get them up to par with chains such as Hilton. The room itself was nice, the bathrooms are a bit small and cramped, and the tv's are very small. No wireless internet. 30.00 to park for guest which I think is outrageous. But if you book far enough in advance, the rates are very very good for such a beautiful hotel and its ammenities. I have never paid more than 150.00 a night, and for downtown LA that is a great rate. The Hilton across the street is close to 400.00 a night. The sports bar has pretty good food, or you can walk a block to McCormick  Schmidts as well. I would certainly recommend this hotel for busienss travelers, or even tourists should stay here at least once to check out the place.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>turls
<Content>Movie Set Hotel The Biltmore is kept in a very traditional manner-it is full of history and in this respect a fascinating hotel-it has been used in many many films and tv shows and I have recognised it in a few since we stayed there. It staged the Oscars in the 1930's, was JFK's campaign HQ and has lots of other claims to fame.It is still a well appointed hotel, we had a nice large comfortable room which was clean and well appointed.The windows are old and therefore noise and cold can be a problem.The location is also a bit of a problem if you arein LA as a tourist, it is quite a way to Hollywood Blvd fro example and the streets around the Biltmore at night are virtually empty, this can lead to it feeling a bit intimidating when walking back from the metro etc.We were lucky enough to be able to watch filming of 'Without a Trace' being done in the hotel, it was in a room just off from the lifts that used to be the reception in days gone by-it was interesting to see.If staying here it is definately worth speaking with a member of staff about the history of the place, they all seemed well educated on their workplace-from Al Capone, The Beatles to the victim of the Black Dahlia murder, they have all been there!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>highflyingirl
<Content>Old School Charm I stayed at the Millenium Biltmore for business. It has a great location downtown and it is easy to get in and out of the parking/valet area. The Biltmore has Old School charm. I have attended several conferences at this hotel and all have gone very smoothly. The ballroom is beautiful. You can look at all of the old pictures of past events and celebrities. The first room that I was given at the time of check in was not good. I walked in to a strong mildew smell and the bottom of the comforter was stained. It was also very drafty and loud. The window was not sealed and there was a 1 inch gap between the top and bottom window. I asked to be moved and they put me into another room that was smaller but very cute, comfortable, and clean. Dinner room service was always prompt and the food was good (I didn't have breakfast at the hotel). The fitness center does not open until 6am, so for people that have to get going early that doesn't work. The fitness center does have a variety of weights and machines and a cool indoor lap pool. The front staff was friendly and efficient.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>DRace
<Content>Look, but don't stay. This hotel exudes the golden age of Hollywood. The lobby and common areas are nothing short of spectacular. Be sure to look at all the wonderful photographs and memorabilia. I strongly suggest a visit for a drink or a walk-through, but do not recommend an overnight stay. The elegance ends when you get to your room. The rooms are comparable to the cheapest motels -- cheap bedspreads and linens, bad furniture, terrible art, etc. There is no mini-bar and the coffe pot is a one cup, paper no less, model. The bathrooms are even worse. The attempts to bring them up to date failed miserably. Instead of capturing the era, they are a pitiful mix of styles and a terrible use of space. Add to that, that the shower had no water pressure and tepid water on both mornings of my stay. And the worst is that no one has made any attempt to soundproof or at least diminish the traffic noise. I was on the 7th floor and would have sworn my window was open. The old original windows are in place and the plantation shutters (with some broken pieces) did nothing to muffle the noise. Neither did the drapes. While some older hotels have fans in the AC system that can be turned on high to muffle street sounds, this one did not, so you were stuck with noise far worse than any I have heard in NYC. After reading this, I changed my review to terrible, from okay. The lobby and beauty of the structure, just can't make up for the woeful inadequacies of a hotel that bills itself as a luxury property. There was nothing luxurious about the accommodations.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	5	3	5	3	2	

<Author>NJ_Visitor
<Content>Good, But... Hotel is architectural and the public spaces are very nice. I understand the public spaces were re-done about five to seven years ago. In fact, a movie was being filmed during my stay at the hotel. The room - at least my room - was marginal. It was clean. Everything was as it should have been, but it seemed empty. There was a large bookcase and a secretary desk with no books and no scratch paper, pens, etc. What astounded me was that I learned that the hotel management company changed about five to seven years ago. Yet, items in the room with logo's on them (that is, hotel name) were still of the old management company.The hotel is located downtown. I had not been to LA before. I learned that the downtown area essentially closes after about 6:00pm. I walked around within a block either direction to find a restaurant or deli to get something to eat on my arrival night. Nothing was open. Walking more than a block from the hotel, I found the areas rather seedy.I think this hotel is good if you attend a conference (which I did), but it would not be good to use as a base for a vacation.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>JamieJam
<Content>Beautiful lobby, ballrooms. Rooms aren't that great unless your royalty. Stayed during Christmas 2006. Hotel may be great to see on a Historic tour of L.A. and if your an old Hollywood buff and want too see where 1930s Academy Awards were held. Rooms are lackluster and underkept in comparison to lobby and ballrooms. All ballrooms where locked up ( best part of hotel and they lock it up to guests!). I did sneal a peek one day at the Biltmore Bowl and the Crystal Ballroom, Beautiful! I just got lucky that day. A film crew where in and they unlocked it all for them. The resturant were bothered that a asked for my a.m. coffee in a to go cup, they told me they don't do that. Staff was cold, distant and security were plentiful and cold also. Hard to get people to smile around there. We had a room with two queen beds. Bathroom was the worst. Mold, old broken cheap fixtures, bathtub was never cleaned while we were there. Such a grand hotel but comes up very short on guestrooms. All the money must go to keeping lobby and ballrooms beautiful. So, it looks pretty online and the main entrance is, but if you like plush rooms and cleanliness this is not the hotel for you.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>NEWPORTGUY
<Content>I spent Christmas at the Biltmore        Rendevous Court Stairway  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>tomruth78
<Content>Great hotel, location not suitable for tourists We stayed here on 02 November 2006 for three nights.The hotel is beautiful in decor and the history of the place is interesting. Worth getting up early from the jet lag and having a walk around. The rooms are fine for an old hotel, the size of the room was adequate and yes the bathrooms are small, but what do you expect from an old hotel? We have stayed in brand new hotels with smaller bathrooms! The rooms were clean and serviced every day. We were in room 840 which looked out the side of the hotel. Noise was a bit of a problem with traffic but no more than stopping in a London hotel. If you are a light sleeper you might want to pack some earplugs.The reception staff were fine and the concierge was very helpful. The only problem with this hotel is its location. As we were only in LA for three nights we wanted to see all the sights. By being downtown it took a long time to get anywhere, even with the Metro. One option on the menu was a breakfast buffet for $20 + tax which is slightly steep compared to other hotels we stayed in, but there was plenty of choice. The service was fine though the waiters could have been a little friendlier. I would recommend anyone staying for business to stay here, but anyone going to LA for leisure to pick the location of their hotel wisely that is unless you want to stay in a hotel that is beautifully decorated and has a bit of Hollywood history and glamour.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dv8r
<Content>Fine Hotel @ Good Price       A basic, but neat  tidy room on Third Floor  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>LAWestsider
<Content>Biltmore Blues Run, do not walk. Do not house your events here. If this is your only down-town option, change the plan. They are a disorganized disaster. We heard that they are about to be sold which may account for the poor service that we had all weekend long. The front desk gave away the bridal and the hospitality suited though we had signed up for it six months ago and it was in the signed contract (they argued that no room is ever guaranteed). Though they recovered the bridal suite (late in the day on Friday) and found a hospitality room for my parents (located on a different floor from all of the guests rather than the one my mom had scheduled six months ago) they did so inefficiently and ineffectively. The crowning mis-management error came when they woke my sister and her new husband at 6 AM on the dawn following her wedding saying the bill must be settled immediately; these villainous hoteliers actually came to the suite, pounded on the door and refused to leave when the staff already had an imprint of a credit card at the desk. Please tell all your friends to stay away from this venue. They don鈥檛 have their act together. . .  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SthAussies
<Content>Grand Old Hotel We recently stayed at the Biltmore for 3 nights. The staff were friendly when we arrived and the room clean and tidy with coffee and tea facilities. Two double beds and a small table and chair.The foyer, reception and lobby areas were impressive.On arrival there was a demonstration in Pershing Park which created noise when the window was open but overall the room was quiet and you couldn't hear your neighbours.We were pleased with the service and cleanliness of the hotel and it was great to stay in a hotel with history. The hotel shop was full of interesting photos and facts about the hotel.We would stay again if in Los Angeles.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hotelgirl111
<Content>Grand Historic Biltmore       This is Rendezvous Court, where we could get drinks late and just relax. This was how...  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coateseric
<Content>A worldl of luxury What a wonderfull experience. This large, character hotel situated in Downtown LA. The atmosphere and ombience of this classic hotel has to be experienced to believe.I had to double check what I had paid as I was sure it was too exepensive for me. BUT no A great hotel in a great location with loads and loads of history.We visited Hearst Castle 2 days before and this was like going back to Hearst Castle.YOU MUST VISIT TO BELIEVE  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveling_Lady_OC
<Content>Beautiful Classy Hotel Please do not pay attention to those who would say negative things about the Biltmore, they obviously were expecting a new Hilton or something of the like.The Biltmore is a lovingly restored hotel, originally built in 1923. Decorative and classic, I enjoyed it from the moment I stepped foot inside. The staff is perfect, every need is quickly attended to.Checkin was a breeze, and that is not always easy when there is a gigantic wedding going on!We wandered around and looked at the banquet rooms which were beautifully restored with mouldings, beams, murals, carvings and the like. Absolutely beautiful works from the original muralist known as Smeraldi whose paintings are also in the Sistine Chapel.The restaurants are simply breathtaking in their beauty and the food is unparallleled.The High Tea in the Rendezvous Room is something you do not want to miss! Very good tea with lovely scones and goodies, excellent service and ambience. They make you feel like royalty!We had a room on the 7th floor, and the room was furnished nicely and well-cared for. It is obvious the hotel is older, there are still remnants of dumbwaiters, and other little bygone-era touches.But we loved the place and can't wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rklaa5
<Content>Great Experience! Love The new Store! I come to LA Ca. and stay at Biltmore in LA. once every 6 months. I made my trip to california the last weekend of September . I must say it was a wonderful experience. From the lobby to the rooms i was impressed as i always am. I love the little shops there... one the older shops were replaced with a new shop ... i believe the store was named Treasurer! Beautiful store, great products, and very helpful service. Its a great addition to the hotel and ideal for tourists like myself to go in and buy suveniers .. I will definitely be stopping in on my next trip.. I would definitely reccomend toursits and visitors to stay at Biltmore it is an overall Wonderful Experience, NO DOUBT!Caroline~ R.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ausboxer
<Content>Can't see what the problems are here??? I stayed at the Millenuim Biltmore in September, from the 4th until the 8th, and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.The Lobbies and public areas are just beautiful, I felt like I was in Old-world Hollywood!My room was a great size - not at all small, we had two double beds and plenty of room to relax and spread out.The bathroom was more than adequate - large,even, and although was starting to show its age it was on the whole well maintained and clean.I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful, providing us with directions, and advice, and the valet staff were excellent.Many complain about the price of parking - welcome to big city holidays! Coming from Sydney, Australia - these prices are par for the course..As far as location went, for us it was great, easy to get to all the major attractions by car, and the train was two blocks away.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cboer711
<Content>Unimpressed with the Biltmore The Biltmore is an old beautiful hotel in downtown Los Angeles. However, the old portions of the hotel outweighed the beautiful parts. The lobby and accompanying area are quite well-done, it is interesting staying in a hotel that has hosted many 1950s award shows. It seems though that the rooms have not been redone since right before the 50s shows. We were surprised that the tv was color (the most modern feature in the room). I can appreciate historic hotels, but at some point the guest rooms need an update. The property is large and I figure this is the reason that the housekeeping did such a shabby job cleaning the room. Overall, we were disppointed especially having come from another historic hotel in Santa Monica that had done everything right. If you don't need to be in downtown LA for business, don't stay in downtown. However, if work brings you into the city look elsewhere for a quality hotel, the Biltmore missed the mark.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	2	1	3	1	2	

<Author>nicobaby
<Content>If i could be there now! This is far more one of the best hotels I have stayed. I can not see how anyone was rate this bad. It is beautiful and everybody is so helpful. We only had one problem when the air stopped working in the room then we was upgraded for the same price. Everytime I show the pictures EVERYBODY comment on the room and pool area and we recommend to everyone no matter what state it is to stay at the blitmore and you can not go wrong. Yes there is a bit more homeless people than where I am from (GA) but they do not bother you and after stepping out of that hotel it just shows you just how blessed you are. All the attractions are good. Great Sate!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jabeka
<Content>Great Stay! Booked two rooms here for a concert overnight stay and was very impressed. The staff was friendly and helpful, was not put off in the least because of booking through PriceLine (which is sometimes the case.) Our rooms were clean and charming, the lobby was all the glamour we expected at the original sight of the Academy Awards, and our breakfast there was outstanding. Walking through the halls and taking in all of the historic photographs was as good as a visit to an entertainment history museum! We did not use the pool, but it is truly a work of deco art. I was somewhat worried about this booking after reading some negative TA reviews, but my stay was a positive one from start to finish. Which just means that while not everyone is going to be pleased, not everyone is going to end up having a bad experience either. I would highly recommend this hotel for a lovely step away from the typical city high rise hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>dljohnson
<Content>Beautiful Lobby, Friendly Service The Biltmore lobby is beautiful, the staff was very courteous and friendly. We were booked for a Deluxe King, however, we were traveling with 2 preteen girls. We needed 2 beds. The first night, we received a room with two double beds, as there were no queens available, so it wasn't very comfortable. The room was older inside than anticipated, though clean. We were along the courtyard. We asked if we could change to a room with two queens the following day and they accommodated us at no extra charge. This room was much more what I expected. Because the hotel was downtown the traffic was a bit noisy, but we were so tired from playing it didn't much matter.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amrscotland
<Content>Mixed feelingas about the Biltmore I have mixed feelings about the Biltmore. Lets start with the positve:the price - very good value especially if it includes breakfast.The buliding is very impressive - very grand and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The breakfast was excellent and attention from the waiters very good. We liked the location and used the nearby subway station at Pershing Square to get to Univeral Studios and Hollywood. The public transport is very cheap and efficient. We even got the bus to Santa Monica !!However there are some negatives:We arrived at 4.30pm after a flight from the UK. At first we were told there were no rooms available(despite booking and paying well in advance with a very reputable company in the UK). The receptionist then offered us 1 upgraded room on the Club floor (but not allowed to use the extra facilities on that floor) and were told to phone down at 8 pm to see if our other room was available. So 5 of us - 3 adults and 2 kids (aged 12 and 13) tried to get a bit of rest in a room with 2 double beds. We were lucky - a gentleman checking in at the same time was sent away despite having a reservation number. At 8pm we were advised that our room would not be available until 11pm!!! At this point we spoke to the manger and told him we were going for a meal and when we got back we wanted a room or another hotel. Half an hour later we had our 2nd room - albeit 2 floors below the other one. Because of this probem we did manage to get a late check out free of charge the day we left but only because we asked and it was given grudgingly. The receptionist seemed to think that 1 upgraded room was sufficient compensation. On that subject, the only difference I could see between the club rooms and the standard rooms was the decor, newspaper deliverd to the room and free bottled water!Rooms were clean and comfortable but in need of a little TLC - a bit worn in places and in need of an upgrade. Bath rooms are small even by British standards and definatley in need of an upgrade.Pool - not in use as under repairLocation good but a lot of panhandlers about - no problems but may make some people uneasy.The probelms with check in didn't in the end spoil our stay but I would be wary about staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>herren
<Content>Millenium Biltmore - an unfriendly place We stayed at the Biltmore from July 12th to the 15th 2006. As a family (my husband, myself and three children aged 4, 11 and 16) travelling from Australia, we'd just had 3 days at Disneyland staying at a hotel in Anaheim. When we moved from Anaheim to the Biltmore I immediately felt we didn't fit in there. The ladies at reception were extremely unfriendly and when we asked them a question it was answered extremely reluctantly. My husband and I had a drink in the gallery bar (the children were in the room watching TV) and the barman was also not very friendly.The concierge, a wonderful man called James, made up for the unfriendly staff with his charming and friendly manner and he gave us all sorts of helpful tips, such as the location of a market nearby where we could purchase fruit for the children (we bought 5 bananas for US 80 cents! wow! in Australia currently bananas cost about AU$2.50 each!!!) and advice on what sort of tour of LA we should go on.Yes the Biltmore is a beautiful and impressive hotel with a colourful history. However it's the first hotel I've stayed at where there was no bar fridge in the room - this costs an extra $10 per night! The pool, which the children were desperate to try out was not available the whole time we were there (!!! in the middle of summer!!!! Grrr!!!) The room was spacious and comfortable but overall I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NZ_Kate
<Content>Glamour at the Biltmore Hotel       Exterior of the Biltmore - classic architecture  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Katze
<Content>I wouldn't pay to stay here I stayed here 2 nights for a meeting and am glad I didn't pay for it. The lobby and ballrooms are lovely, but it stops there. My room was small and dingy and the bathroom was gross. There was mold on the tiles and the bathtub didn't drain properly, so I ended up standing in a foot of water towards the end of my shower. I have to say the staff was not very good in regards to meeting logistics. There were AV problems, the staff took forever to get there, and it took a long time to get things straightened out. They did not speak English very well and did not seem to fully understand what they were doing. I would visit this hotel again to admire the lobby beauty but never pay to stay.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Milennium Biltmore. Location VERY convenient. Was a little hard to find the Milennium Biltmore at night, but once we did, we found it to be lovely. Feels like an old distinguished hotel. The lobby and other rooms are gorgeous, really. Paid 150 per night (weekday rate), plus 30/night for parking (pretty much the standard for downtown).Our room (called a King Deluxe, I believe) was quite spacious. The decoration was a little spartan perhaps, but still nice. Bathroom was fine, well-appointed, though a little on the small side. I think those that complain about the size, however, are maybe used to newer bigger hotels. We had more room than we needed overall. I guess it's possible that other four stars are nicer, but to us, it felt grand and stylish in an old school sort of way.We loved being right downtown, three blocks from the MOMA, Disney Concert Hall, Music Center, Mark Taper, etc.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DITTO "False Impressions" I agree completely with the previous author. I only wish I had the review before I booked the reservation. I ended up cutting my trip short by one day and spent my time hanging out at the Bonaventure instead.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>False Impressions       Bathroom is the size of 10yr. old girl's closet. Found a dead bug in the tub.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelToronto
<Content>Good stay       To top it all off they shut off the water.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking Issues at Biltmore Millenium Service was good, decor interesting for Los Angeles, friendly stuff, lots of events and weddings taking place downstairs, good restaurant...But someone already noted - parking (a couple of years ago) was over 30 dollars overnight! And for over two hours! Including guests you invite over to dinner! I stayed in this hotel and invited some friends who live in town, and they got stuck with 33 dollar bills for parking their car in the hotel. Nobody walks in LA or uses public transportation, it is only driving. Downtown LA is not exactly a beautiful area, and not pedestrian friendly either. There is no place to park near by either... So... I think with the money this hotel charges for stay, parking for guests should be complimentary or reduced price, no more than 3 dollars. But 33!..hmm  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>damj
<Content>Biltmore was spectacular       Our Room  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rtgt
<Content>Nothing better, fantastic my wife and I and another couple were coming to LA for a conference at the end of April. I reserved the Biltmore before I started reading all the reviews. As you know the reviews are all over the map, from positive to negative. Well let this very conservative Canadian from Edmonton describe the Biltmore. First impression driving to the entrance was wow, they then let us check in at 12:00, 3 hours adhead of the posted check in time. Service was great. Both rooms were above average in size with great king size beds. Who cares if the bathrooms were a little small. Our rooms were in the 01-10 range and thus at the end of a very short hall, no noise what so ever. we were there for 6 nites and the staff became more than staff they became friends. The doormen and the bellmen were all fantastic. the Champs sports bar was friendly and the food good. the pool area was above average. the history of the hotel was nothing but amazing and the public areas were like nothing I had ever seen. The neighborhood??? I felt comfortable going for walks at 6 in the morning or 10 at nite. as far as the homeless, they are far more polite than the homeless I have met in other cities. More importantly if you take the time to talk to them you will realize that they are just like the rest of us. They were great and no reason to be afraid of them. They are also polite enough to say hello every day and remember you. All in all the Biltmore and the neighborhood were great. If some one wants to stay downtown this is the place to be, a nice easy 15 minute walk to the staples center or the convention center. the staff need to be commended for their positive attitudes and although I am not a world traveler, I would will out any hesitation at all recommend the Biltmore. I will be back, and I will recommend to all the people that I know who are going to LA. To the management and staff thanks for a wonderful experience.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Paulgr
<Content>Shiny front - shabby back. Good for smokers. The brochures and website photos all laud the grand ballrooms and lobby. These are indeed magnificent but belie the rooms behind them. You can stay somewhere better and just walk in and look. At $USD185 a night we didn't expect to find our bathroom door off its hinges or the continuing struggle with room staff for such trivialities as providing more coffee satchets. The guy that fixed the door was resigned to the fact that he and his colleagues had a real job on their hands and told us we were lucky that we didn't have plumbing problems.Parking is very expensive and the valets (compulsory valet service) get surly if not tipped extravagantly.On the plus side - for all those smokers out there - the Biltmore's fire escape lobbies are not alarmed or monitored and open on to little balconies. Just perfect for that quiet smoke without having to get dressed and leave the hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mf4516
<Content>An enjoyable historical experience My wife and I stayed at the Biltmore for one night as part of a much-longer trip to LA and southern CA. A lot of tourists and business travelers go to the Biltmore because of its high-class reputation and historical significance; we were there as part of a self-guided architectural history walking tour (which I highly recommend BTW, check the LA Conservancy web site). The best feature of this hotel is its public areas ... make sure you allocate time to sit in the lobbies, have a look at the banquet rooms, have a drink at the martini bar (expensive but very romantic) and definitely swim in the beautiful Italian-tile pool. I think the hotel is aware of the popularity of its public areas; after I got dressed I took several pictures of the pool and at some point a security person showed up and looked me over (but left when I smiled and waved at him). The rooms were small but very clean and the bed was wonderful. Decor is classy but materials are somewhat old. The bathroom was very small but nicely tiled and worked well. We had a view of the interior air column of the hotel, but after walking around downtown LA I can't say that we would have benefitted much by an exterior view! The staff are very nice and polite but very busy (I get the impression that there are a lot of people checking in and out all the time). Internet is not free and parking is expensive. The neighborhood has improved a lot in the last decade-- we felt safe at night but there are a lot of disheveled, muttering people wandering about and occasionally panhandling in their polite, southern California style.Overall, I'd comment that this hotel is worth a stay for historical reasons and to experience the hotel itself, but I personally wouldn't recommend it for kids or for a long tourism experience outside of the downtown LA area.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Solemn-Angel
<Content>Why the complaining? ? Its just beautiful!!!       Our Room  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bed was awesome @ Biltmore! Arrived to find out we were only getting a 2 double beds. I was told online company we used to book didn't have guaranteed King beds. After a slight nudge, they found a nice room w/ a King size bed.Bed was extremely comfortable, pillow was nice and full  shower pressure was awesome. First night was very pleasant.We asked for recommendations for vegetarian dinning and we were very pleased with the assistance we received.The second night was going as well as the first until @ 3:30pm the neighbor next door decided to turn on the TV full blast and pass out. After 1 hr of patiently waiting for the neighbor to find their common courtesy I finally called the front desk to have them take care of the issue. 30 minutes later I had to call the front desk again for status. They assured me they would take care of it immediately as they had thought security resolved the issue. Finally, after the 2nd call and 1 hr 45 minutes later we heard security come to the room and after knocking numerous times and yelling through the door for the person to come to the door, they finally were able to reach the neighbor and we got to get a few minutes of additional nights sleep before we had to get up.On-site sushi restaurant was very pricey but the food was excellent.View was pretty nice as well.Overall: 9 (If neighbor issue didn't happen.)Overall: 8 (Because it took 2 calls to get the issue resolved.)  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Building - But !! We stayed at the Biltmore, which is Downtown, for 3 nights in April 2006 as part of our 25 th wedding anniversary 2 week trip to America. The biggest problem we encountered was the location. We were there over Good Friiday through to Sunday and with all the business's closed it was like a ghost town. As soon as we walked out of the hotel we were constantly approached by homeless people morning and afternoon. We decided not to go out after 1800 and although we still managed to go were we wanted did not get to go the bars or restaurants in the evening. I would certainly stay in annother part of LA. We did the City tour which was really what you have to do to see Hollywood etc. We also went out to Santa Monica which was more suitable for staying in and then touring the City. Conversations with locals backed up our view that Downtown is not a good place to be after 1800, whereas Santa Monica was.Getting back to the Hotel, i can't see it surviving and attracting tourists, it has great history and they are doing their best to keep it up to scratch, but it feels like a hotel without any sole and the staff need an update on customer service. I wa hoping for some recognition that we were on our 25th anniversary trip, however despite their promises to 'let me know' they never responded and did seem to have some superior attitude that is not acceptable these days. My advice pick annother Hotel  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>zippyfan
<Content>An overpriced relic I thought the hotel was a magnificent piece of history but some things should be confined to the past. The standard of the hotel in relation to the price was poor in comparison to other places I have stayed at in California. I found that the car parking charge was $24 per day. Most hotel parking is free. This was a hidden cost I could have done without. Oh, and it is only valet parking so be careful if you have a rental car. If you want to know where the nearest convenience store is - don't bother asking the receptionist! Overall, it the hotel is clean but a bit of a relic and there is no heart to the place. Service is polite but not necessarily efficient and some staff cannot speak English. It is certainly not a four-star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a 4 star This hotel is not up to it's 3 or 4 star standard. It should be a 2 star.I will state my case:We checked in and was told that the room we reserved.. a king non-smoking..was not available. Instead, we had to choose between a queen and a double.Don't be fooled. The room is not luxuriously decorated. It does not match the ornate lobby. It is super tiny. Beds are like Motel 6. No extra nice duvets or covers.Staff may not be paying attention to details.. such as hallway lights gone out.The AC was not working in our room.We complained about the room. The next night, we got our king sized bed and a room twice as big. With it, we had a little sitting area.. yet it just looked underfurnished.. and still w/ the same ugly furniture. You also get a vanity area, yet it's really just.. a cubby w/ a glued on mirror.Parking is expensive.. about 25 a night.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking Everything about this hotel is fine, but the parking needs to be improved. The receptionists are great, but the hotel charges too much for the parking. Overnight parking is about $30 additional. My friend lived there for 2 days and I left my car there end up spending about $60 for just 2 day parking. They dont have any free parking for the guests either living there or just dropping by for dinner.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel--a little spooky/noisey, but a good value the hotel has a rich history--the Academy Awards used to be held there. It was JFK's campaign headquarters in 1960. The Beatles once landed on the rooftop there in a helicopter. Although beautiful, remember it is an old building. I recently stayed there and experienced random unexplained noises in my room (haunted perhaps?) that kept my awake. Bring earplugs. If that doesn't work, some holy water and an exorcism should do the trick.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ackee
<Content>A Classic My wife and I spent three nights at the Biltmore.We heap our praises upon the attentive staff, particularly the personnel in the hotel's dining rooms. They made our stay comfortable and pleasing.While we generally do not favor hotels of the size ofthe Biltmore -- principally because we think thatthe service suffers -- we recommend this propertyfor its large rooms (with crown and base mouldingsand shutters), spectacular lobby (a wonderful settingfor the tea that the hotel offers each afternoon),surprisingly well-equipped gym (next to an Art Deco pool)and atmosphere of grace. We note that downtown LA is not a whirl of activity. But the Biltmore is near the freeway and (even better to our thinking) the Metro and Union Station. Should you wish to get out and explore we suggest taking a train to Pasadena or to Long Beach. Both are short trips and you will skip the SoCal traffic that we dread. When we next visit Los Angeles we will return to the Biltmore.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Experience! A few friends and I planned a spur of the moment, 4 night trip to Los Angeles. The pictures of the Biltmore looked wonderful and we really liked the location so we made our reservations. I started to get a little worried after reading some reviews about the hotel and I just figured that I would have to find out for myself. I just want to say that my experience was absolutely perfect! Everyone at the hotel, from the concierge to security to the valets and housekeeping, were incredibly friendly and accomodating. We wanted to check out the ballrooms on the lobby level (the Crystal Ballroom is where the Academy Awards used to be held) but some of them were locked. We happened to come across a security guard and just inquired about the history and he offered to take us through the locked ballrooms. The valet service was very convenient and not unreasonable (anyone from a large city would be used to paying for parking). We had a large corner room which had 3 huge windows that faced onto a courtyard - it was bright and extremely quiet, we didn't hear any traffic at all which was nice considering we were staying right in downtown LA. This is a great location, very close to everything...took less than 30 minutes to get to Santa Monica beach on a beautiful Friday afternoon. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel with glitchy service I did not intend to waste time on writing reviews, but what i read below struck me as probably commissioned from the hotel management. It's true that this is a majesticly looking hotel at least at its lobby levels. The downtown location is really convenient and allows for some walk-arounds in the city. (Still late night walks in LA and SF are not recommended as those are laced with homeless people who cluster at dark for their rowdy drinking and may become agressive while panhandling, reminds me of New York in our pre-Giuliani years)The club level rooms are bigger than the standard ones and ours came with breakfast and pre-evening snacks included.The service however varies from friendly to incompetent and downright hostile, depending on whom you get. We stayed 4 nights there over X-mas and came across at many employees asking for different things. We got confusing and contradicting answers like noone was truly aware what hotel's policies were. As in all US hotels the rooms in this one do not have ceiling lights-as one of the floor lamps in our room was missing a bulb I asked and left notes for a replacement for 2 days without much of an effect and ended up bying one for $0.99 from the nearby drugstore.When we left, my 9 year old daughter forgot a toy-cat in the room, we tried to call several times still from CA and got the telephone runaround to a department with a person who was always missing, left 3 or 4 mesages and sent 5 or 6 e-mails without having someone to answer whether at least they've found the toy. I don't even want to remember for the front desk guy who was refusing to let us into our room (with 2 young kids and weary of an 6 hour flight) because I've lost my AAA card (status verification from AAA is possible over the phone or online within 2 or 3 minutes) until someone higher intervened and left that verification issue for a more convenient time. Ah, and also it took them 2 1/2 days and 4 calls on my part to deliver a fax to our room. Yet we met some very helpful staffers during our stay and most of them balanced their poor English with an exuberant good will and after several explanations would finally understand what do you want from them.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>2	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Deepsilvr
<Content>I had always wanted to stay here... .. and I was not disappointed. This old hotel had always been on my wish list of places to stay. So when the oppurtunity came for me to visit my mother over the Christmas holiday, I knew right where I wanted to stay.From the time I checked in, everyone was very very nice. Please keep in mind I was traveling alone and am a 25 year old woman who looks 18. The took me very seriously and answered all my questions. The only thing I did not like that Expedia did not tell me about when booking the room was that they needed a credit card where they could hold $50 a day for extra room charges (phone calls, room service, etc.) When I explained to the front desk clerk that I did not have that, she happily waived that fee and I had to use the phone in the lobby. I could still receive phone calls in my room for no charge and my cell phone worked just fine on the 4th floor. No problem for me.The location is wonderful. The DASH service gets you almost anywhere downtown for a quarter and drops off right in front of the hotel. Same goes for the bus and underground system, which is about 1 block away. The shopping at Macy's Plaza and the Shops at 7th and Fig. were only blocks away.As for food, the dinning at the hotel was a bit to pricey for me but there are tons of fast food and small places around the area. Not to mention that Domino's pizza delivers to the hotel. The concierge desk was SO helpful with all information that I needed, from places to eat downtown, to museum hours during the holidays, to getting history on the hotel. The room was very comfortable and clean. There was no mini-bar but I was thankful not to have that temptation. I had just a regular room and was very happy with my choice.All in all I would recommend this for anyone. Very pleasent place to stay within a piece of Downtown Los Angeles history.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveller1959
<Content>Phantastic Historic Hotel - Great Value       View from our room on Pershing Square  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dsikula
<Content>I Love an Old Hotel Just spent a long weekend at the Biltmore. Pluses: Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was surprisingly huge and quiet. Valet parking efficient and quick. The afternoon tea a delight. The gym and indoor pool a time machine. Great for exploring and people-watching. Convenient to everything downtown. Minuses: Nonexistent water pressure in the shower. A lovely view of an airshaft. The price of the valet parking. Overall: I couldn't recommend it more highly, and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mini
<Content>Service is Questionnable at the Millenium Biltmore... We expected more of the Millenium Biltmore and from the start, they totally and completely missed everything that is important to have a quality hotel.First, we arrived and there were some larger events (its 9:00 p.m.). It took us 30 minutes to even get close to the parking/valet area. Ugh! We then checked in (knowing we had 9:30 p.m. reservations at their restaurant. It is published as being open till 10:00. The desk did call to say we would be late.)We then asked for our bags to be taken to the room so we could go to dinner. No can do - The bell hop said - You must be in the room and we cannot deliver for 15 minutes. We explained our dinner reservations and he said - TOO BAD! He did relent and take them up about 5 minutes later.We then got to the restaurant at 9:40 p.m. Ugh! We were basically blasted by the extremely unfriendly hostess - this lady should get a new job!!! She is one heck of an unpleasant person to deal with and said - You are bad people - You did not call to cancel your reservations - We are closing the restaurant now - We won't seat you. Get out! Ugh! Here we are hotel guests - who have been mistreated by the hotel - and here we are getting yelled at.We then went upstairs to talk to the front desk. Ugh! He suggested a couple of places we could have dinner....he said only a few blocks away. We arrived at 2 of them and they both were closing at 10 p.m.We then asked the last place - Know of any places that stay open. Luckily the Standard does! And the Standard Hotel actually has Great Food and a fun bar area!We then went back to our room. The toilet was broken....we had to wait an hour for it to get fixed. We also found the bathroom extremely tight corners. Ugh!For the price, its not worth staying here....We did find the room service menu to be good and enjoyed the room service Japanese breakfast. Of couse, when we got to use their in room check-out, it too was non functional. It took a bit to get the car to the front door by the valet - (Note: The morning bell hop was wonderful and timely.)But in short----service here! Only if you want to get yelled at; told wrong information; mistreated. (By the way we went to the bar and it stayed open till midnight - no munchies on the menu; and when they did not realize they had customers at the bar, we simply moved on up to the room.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressive but dissappointing not worth the money as rooms are definitely not three star. staff are friendly enough and service is alright just not worth the money!getting around isn't as scary as it's made out to be in so many other reviews, as long as you don't walk about too late!! I live in glasgow so no big difference there!don't stay in this hotel because if you're just a tourist it's too far away from everything!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>omalley62
<Content>Good Getaway Stayed for Thanksgiving and had the buffet. Enjoyed some of the other hotel bars in the area especially the Standard's Rooftop lounge. Nice old place parking was included in the club rate with a great breakfast bar the following day  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay We stayed at the Biltmore on 09-23 for the first nite of our US journey. The atmosphere was very impressive, the room was okay and we loved the gym and pool/sauna area. Very disappointing was the restaurant. I'm vegetarian and they have just one expensive dish to offer: penne pasta. This was made with soo much oil, that I later was afraid of getting sick. Service was very poor as well - first they brought us an already used bread-basket...So, the hotel is beautiful-but the restaurant is expensive without being good - we can't recommend!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weekend At The Biltmore Stayed at the Biltmore the weekend of Nov. 19th. My friend and I stayed overnight for a Fresno State/USC football game at the Coliseum. I had seen pictures of this historic hotel and had driven past it before so I thought I'd give it a chance. We opted for a millenium club room, which was a decent size and elegantly appointed. The bathroom was a bit small with hardly any counter space around the pedestal sink. Other than that, the room was fine. Our stay included complimentary drinks, which we took advantage of. I'm not much of a drinker and my martini was a bit strong - the bartender went out of his way to ask if it was ok and offered to water it down a bit, which was a pretty cool thing to offer for a novice drinker like me! We also received a complimentary breakfast brunch which was excellent. My friend and I enjoyed the little perks of a grand hotel - like having a turndown service for the beds at night and a newspaper at the foot of our door in the morning. I sound like a hotel broschure, but what can I say, I enjoyed my stay!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a good experience After reading so many mixed reviews online, my wife and I were a little anxious about staying at the millennium biltmore. While each guest's experience will be different, ours was overall good despite a few problems along the way. We arrived late at night and were assigned a room on the club level (even though we didn't pay extra). We were excited about this perk until we walked into our room and found 2 double beds instead of the king we had requested. We called the front desk and they agreed to move us to the next room. When we moved into the hallway to wait for our key to be delivered, we were greeted by a very unpleasant suprise--we could hear very loud music and other sounds coming from a room on our hall. The walls are apparently very thin! We called the front desk again and they agreed to move us to yet another room. They also sent security up promptly to take care of the noisy guests. Our new room was very clean and nicely decorated (even mints on the pillows). However, don't be suprised by the very small bathroom. The bed was also very comfortable! The front desk and concierge were not very helpful at times, but occasionally provided good assistance. The valet (which is required) was slow and needs more workers. We made the mistake several times of trying to get our car at noon or 5:00 (when business meetings from hotel ballrooms were letting out) and eventually gave up on getting our car because of the long line. Also, be sure to call well in advance of needing your vehicle, or you will be waiting a long time! The hotel is truly a classic beauty in the midst of a dingy downtown area. There is a ton of history (spend some time looking at the pictures of all of the academy awards held on premises) and the historic decor has been well maintained. We always felt very safe and taken care of. The hotel is also conveniently located to many different LA destinations. Despite all of the ups and downs of the stay, my wife and I both agreed that we would stay at the hotel again. It is a reasonably priced classy hotel with a convenient location.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NEWLA
<Content>Millennium Biltmore - Beautiful hotel! We have just returned from LA having stayed 5 nights at the Millennium Biltmore. It is a grand hotel -beautiful, spacious  comfortable. We stayed in a standard room and as a treat, decided to upgrade to a club room on our last night. We were happy with both rooms. The standard room is adorned with oil paintings and beautiful furniture - the bed was very comfortable. It has a coffee maker. The club room is of course, bigger and more luxuriously furnished. It does not have a coffee maker but you can request one - I suppose the reason is that club room guests have access to the club lounge and are served complimentary beverages (including alcohol) and snacks from 5 - 8pm. There was no fridge in both rooms but ice is available on various floors. We throughly enjoyed our experience at the Millennium Biltmore. The service was great - we were pleased with the room service, bell service, concierge, front desk and housekeeping. We also enjoyed traditional afternoon tea at the Rendevous Court and were impressed by the spread of delightful sandwiches, tarts and cakes. The prices of food at the Rendevous Court are very reasonable and it has a wonderful ambience, casual yet stylish with a fountain in the centre of the room. We had breakfast at Smeraldi's (another reaturant in the hotel) and the food was great. While we were there, two weddings were held in the ballroom. We had a peek through the entrance of the ballroom while they were getting the ballroom ready and it was just so beautiful!! The hotel is also a short walk to department stores such as Macy's and Robinson May's with a number of cafes and restaurants within its vicinity. As it's located in the financial district, it's in the nicer part of downtown LA. In summary, this is a grand hotel with history - if you enjoy the splendour of grand old buildings, you will love the Millennium Biltmore!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4Travelers
<Content>Great Stay with a Surprise! The Millennium Biltmore Hotel is convienently located in downtown Los Angeles near freeway access, shops, and a plaza across the street. The lobby and public spaces are beautiful, full of classic moldings and decorations. If you like history, you would enjoy staying here! You feel like you are walking back in time as you walk through the halls and lobby. There is even a hall full of photos from the first Academy Awards ceremony held in the ballroom. We had no problems with the people who worked at the hotel, from the check-in clerk to the valet parking attendents. Everyone was nice and friendly to us. Our room, which we booked on Priceline, was upgraded to a suite! What a pleasant surprise! There were four of us, my husband and I and our two young children, so the extra space was a wonderful bonus. The suite was the size of a small apartment, complete with a small entry hall, huge living room and dining room plus wet bar and refrigerator, and a separate spacious bedroom (with 2 double beds) and bathroom. There were two TVs, so the kids could watch their shows on one. The rooms were all clean and nicely furnished. The windows had shutters which blocked out the sunlight in the morning. Our suite was located on a corner, so we could see across the street towards Pershing Plaza and over the roof top of a lower building. We felt very comfortable and safe staying here.I peeked into a standard room, and I can report that a standard room is just as spacious as an average hotel room. The same as the bedroom in our suite. I would not have been disappointed with a standard room at all!And all the reviews that mentioned no coffee maker...we had one, maybe it came with the suite. But you can always REQUEST A COFFEEMAKER for FREE--it is stated in the hotel's guest room book. It also includes packets of coffee and paper cups with sip and go lids. Our only complaint about the room was that the water temperature in the bathroom was uneven. This happened a lot with the shower. The water temperature from the sink was ok. Also, it took forever for any hot water to reach us during the slow time (Wed  Thurs) in the hotel. Once there were more guests on Friday and Saturday did the hot water come on as soon as we turned it on. I think they need to upgrade the bathrooms, especially the showers!Although we understand that parking space is a premium in downtown LA, or ANYWHERE in LA for that matter, we weren't thrilled about the $24.00 per day valet parking fee. Yes, there are other garages across the street and around the block, but they charge a $6.00 fee for evening entry (between 5pm-12am) and then they charge $2.00 per hour after 12am. The total comes out to be close to $24.00--not much of a savings there. We figured that the money we saved on the hotel room went toward parking, so overall everything evened out at $100 per night. Which is still a great deal for downtown LA with parking included!Overall, we had a great stay and would definitely recommend the Biltmore to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rl549
<Content>We liked it! We were there for one night for a wedding which took place there. My view may be askew because the wedding area and dining room where the wedding took place was MAGNIFICent!. We are a family of 5 and we were comfortable in a very large nicely appointed room with the addition of a roll away. The bathrooms were not dirty they were just old because this is an old hotel. Compared to the rest of the room you feel like the bathroom is third rate.We had no problems with luggage or anyone. In fact we called for someone to come up and shine our kid's shoes for the wedding and the hotel sent someone up immediately. The shoes didn't get shined because they couldn't find brown suede polish - but hey they made the effort and they were nice about it!Any food in the hotel is very expensive and overpriced, but there are many inexpensive perfectly good food options as soon as you walk out the door of the hotel.Overall we liked it :)  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Don't believe other reviews! I have no complaints about this hotel. We saw all the bad reviews - small room, bad service. It worried us at first, but when we saw the hotel we were astounded. Parking is a bit steep - $24 a night (all valet). The room we had (you should book a double bedroom for more space) was as large as a living room. The concierge and bellhops were excellent. When getting into your car, there was always a person there to open the door for you. I would say for a three and a half star hotel this was excellent. No complaints anywhere!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I LOVE LA ! i stayed at the Biltmore hotel and love it the first time went the 2 time the room we got i could have laid in that bed and never checked out if the hotel was not sold out i would have the view not the best you could look in someone else room the windows opened but watch out you could fall right out of them ok the homeless now i will have to say in los angles there every where i mean it that's los angles bi--g problem however i have walk outside at night no one bothered me yes they begged for money but a stern no works every time and i am a women with my mother looking like we come from the farm the bus driver some are very nice some don't need to be driving there so rude now back to the homeless / skid row i have walk throw it holding my own no on bothered me and my mother with diamonds big ones however it you are scared to death of skid row take a cab sunset bld way over done to much money Santa Monica yes good place to relax bring your wallet homeless there to but not to many Venice beach from Santa Monica its the poor part i feel what i saw china town now there i did not see the homeless but i really was not looking i was looking for food and saw most restaurants where b c if you see a f on the door run for you life ! Japan town i have had so many bad experiences i will not return to any hotel or restaurants long beach its a step up from los angles if i did not want to do la i would do long beach the beach towns are fun the far you go the better it is and the less of the homeless you see if any now back down to la Clifton's buffet look i stop eating there when i saw a homeless man spit on the floor where people ate at in the day los angles is alive the best city but at night around when the shops close is when you see the real los angels the boulevard of broken dreams some are in there right mind some have lost it never the less i love los angles o one more thing the spa at the Biltmore i love it ! and when i go to downtown los angles i will stay there my next stop palm spring !  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Biltmore is the Best       Standing in the Biltmore  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service, awful rooms We stayed there three nights. Was a tremendous experience: the rooms are small and dark, the toilet stinks. The receptionists are rude and the room service is poor. The neighborhood are similar to a skid row and at night I recommend to stay in your room...The good fact is that the building is beautiful.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great Night My girlfriend and I spent a weekend at this amazing hotel. Many people talk of the homeless who live around the area, i myself did not find any. The staff was very helpful and the room was great very clean, the bathroom is small, but given thae age of the hotel, i did not mind. If you book through the Biltmore's website be sure to look at the deal, which will bring the cost of the room down a bit and will included parking that otherwise will run you $23 a nite. DO NOT i repeat DO NOT believe the other bad reviews this is an amazing place full of history and romance. Be sure to take advantage of the beautiful indoor pool and tea service around 2 pm.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service Stinks Absolutely love the beautiful public areas of such an historic hotel but the staff needs to get the chip off their shoulder or the management needs to treat them nicer. The front door when arriving was swamped with people and very little guidance. The bellboys were all huddled together. The front desk had a lot of people doing nothing but staring. The room was extremely disappointing worst bed ive ever experienced. The restaurant, Smeraldi's was good. Area is what you should expect from a Downtown hotel so expect many homeless. Good experiences at this hotel?The nice courteous lady in the reservation area who sent me info on the area. The very nice housemaid who made our room as comfortable as could be under the circumstances. Our waiter, T at Smeraldi's. The coffee in the morning was good.Save your money or spend more money and stay elsewhere and go to Bitlmore to enjoy the history.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as I expected, and yet not a true 4 star hotel either We pricelined this hotel for two rooms/ two nights in July 2005. After reading the reviews on this board, I was horrified. However, it wasn't as bad as I expected. Yes, there are a number of homeless/ panhandlers in the general area and if you walk anywhere in downtown LA you will be asked for money. My daughter and I walked during the day and felt safe enough. At night, it was a different story... The hotel staff was more helpful than we expected, especially the concierges. Paying for valet parking can be avoided by parking in one of the many parking garages in the area. The public areas of the hotel are beautiful. The rooms themselves are small and somewhat tired. Also, something to keep in mind: There are virtually no restaurants within walking distance open on weekends. All in all, it was much like staying in the inner cities in Europe and we worried needlessly.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rosskel
<Content>Not to confuse anyone, but... My girlfriend and I spent two nights at the Biltmore and thought it was a very beautiful hotel whose staff were generally pleasant. The only person who was rude to us was the doorman after checking out....but the same guy had been perfectly pleasant to us on the way in! I can only assume the hotel treats it's staff terribly, as the level of service seems to vary wildly. The area around the hotel IS a bit dodgy, but it's generally safe in the daytime. Besides, you'll need a car to get to all the interesting stuff anyway. The pool is very, very nice. Roman baths-style decor. The bar is great, expensive, but great. Speak to the concierge about the various ghosts in the hotel!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Miserable service !!! I can only agree with the latest reviews regarding the miserable service and the way the staff is treating paying guests !Upon check in they didn't offer any assistance with luggage - although about 10 bored employees waited at the entrance...When asking for assistance with my parcels (I simply wanted to handover my parcel to an UPS driver) I was directed from the concierge to the business center, then to the bellman and finally to the receptionist, who was looking at me as he had never seen a parcel before !Do these people care at all about how they represent the hotel and the impression they leave people? What an old beautiful hotel with such a rich history and what a lousy service !Apart from the service, I couldn麓t complain about anything else. The room (at least the one we were staying at) was very spacious and clean and they have nice dining possibilities and a good bar with gorgeous Apple Martinis !Just an advise for all first time and German visitors to LA: this hotel is hours away from the real attractions (you won麓t be interested in visiting a museum during your first visit) but if you are still planning to stay at the Biltmore, book with German travel agencies - they have real good bargains compared to the official price list (we payed only about 110 鈧?for a night)  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated It!! My girlfriends and I stayed @ the Biltmore for the two days and could not wait to leave. The hallways had a unbearable stinch like the carpets and walls had not been cleaned in the last millennium! The room was small, gloomy and dark. The bath room was horrible the sink leeked the bathtub looked like it hadn't been cleaned. This was just an overall horrible experince. I will NEVER EVER stay there again!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place was nothing like it looked on the website! I was extremely disappointed with the level of service at The Millennium Biltmore Hotel. The toilet and the bathroom floor appeared to be very filthy. It looked like they didn't clean the restroom from the prior guest. Upon check in they didn't offer any assistance with luggage, or inform us of any amenities the hotel had to offer.Over all, the hotel appeared gloomy, nothing like the website portrayed, kind of like the hotel in the movie the Shining but worse.The room was dark, and I didn't feel like the sheets and bedding were very clean. My friends and I stayed for two nights at this hotel. When we checked out of the hotel a friend noticed that she left a garment bag hanging in the closet. We called lost in found the less than 24 hours only to talk to the VM and to leave several messages before we were able to speak to some one live. The supervisor stated that there was nothing left in the room we were in and to call back. After several attempts with calling and back and forth conversations with different staff members the items were found after my friend suggested to get a lawyer involved. Within that same day they magically located the missing garment bag, and asked us to pay for shipping. Basically we were given the run around with trying to obtain the items that were accidentally left. I really do not recommend this hotel when visiting LA!!!!! People, you are better off booking a room at the Motel 6 and saving $210.98 for two days.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lover-not-a-Fighter
<Content>My Goodness, what an utter let-down... This hotel was a HUGE disappointment.I booked the hotel about two months in advance for three nights, the first of which was a Universal Studios package (breakfast, Uni Studios tickets and valet parking), the other two the weekend package which included the valet parking. The rates were very admittedly good and unlike one of the reviews I read, the hotel was actually extremely easy to find using google map directions to aide me however upon arriving at the hotel we had to wait for 20 minutes to get into the valet parking area (granted they were having a prom that night). Once we got into the reception area (beautiful but quite empty looking - could use a decorator) we were greeted (and I use that word with a grain of salt) at the check-in counter by a very rude young man who made me feel quite uncomfortable. We got up to our room which was very pretty indeed - until I went into the bathroom where there was a reddish sort of stain on the bathtub and the fixtures were so dirty they looked as though they'd never been cleaned and until I saw the view - we were also on a 'club floor' but with a distressing view of the back of the other building. We waited for our luggage to arrive as we were wanting to go out that evening and needed to change but the time ticked on and on and still no luggage. I also realized that we weren't given our Universal Studios tickets when we checked in nor was there a hotel directory (with room service menu etc) in the room so I called the bellhop to find out where our luggage might be. I was asked by the lady if we had asked for our luggage to be brought up (umm-yup?) to which I of course replied yes, we asked the valet to send it up and even told him exactly which bags were needed. After putting me on hold for an interminable length of time she came back on the phone to say we didn't know you wanted it brought in (umm that's interesting since we were on record with reservations for three days so not really sure what we would do without our luggage which was in plain view in the car!!) and would I like directions to my car so I could go and get it? No exaggeration. Well, I've never been asked this before and was more than a little dumbfounded but after gathering my wits I nicely said no I was under the impression the bellhop would be bringing it up. She then transferred me to the bellhop who shockingly also asked if I would like to come down and get it!! To put this into perspective, my 11 yr old daughter and I were on a three week roadtrip, we had two large suitcases, one smaller suitcase, one laptop, one large toiletries bag and other sundry bags which we carried in ourselves so this was not a manageable amount of luggage for me to go and pick up from the lobby. Anyway, they eventually brought it up but let me tell you it was hard to give the guy a tip (even though of course none of it was his fault). I then phoned the front desk to ask about the Uni Studios tickets which they questioned me on saying they had been given to me at check-in which I was again surprised to hear (I guess they didn't believe me?) I told her they had not been given to me which I should think would easily enough be checked. I was again put on hold for ages and when she finally came back she tersely said she'd send them up. I then had to ask her about the hotel directory which she said was a housekeeping issue and that I'd have to speak with them about it at which point she then transferred me although I half expected her to hang up so I'd have to phone them myself. I spoke to housekeeping who were very nice. Our luggage still had not arrived, in fact when it eventually DID arrive it had taken an hour and fifteen minutes. By this time it was too late for us to make our dinner reservations in West Hollywood that I'd had for a month so we had little choice but to order from the room service menu and unlike the person from Nebraska who commented that the prices were reasonable (omg - $16 for a hamburger is not what I call reasonable) I must heartily disagree with them and believe me, I'm not the most budget-minded person by any stretch of the imagination. The bill came...$36 for 1 hamburger, 1 tiny half bottle of 7-Up and 1 piece of apple pie with ice cream which included (although I was not informed about this) the gratuity (I added tip to make the total $40) and taxes. When I phoned a day later to ask why the bill was so high they then told me the gratuity was already added and said they'd refund my $4 tip! - this was not in fact done not that it would have made a difference anyway) Quite unbelievable. I very badly wanted to complain about the whole experience but thought I'd wait another night and see how things went. I didn't end up complaining though I truly wish I had done but only because the person who checked us out was so rude and made me feel so uncomfortable that I felt terribly intimidated - he didn't even ask how our stay was (that would have been the point where I would have said something) or whether everything was to our liking - questions which I have come to expect from the calibre of the hotels I stay in. This all says nothing about the surrounding area which is INDEED slummy looking. The area coming from the north from the highway to the hotel is fine (Mus of Metropolitan Art, etc) but the area an immediate block south and all around from there becomes highly unsafe looking and feeling. I had to advise my daughter not to look at anyone as we were driving by, the area IS ugly and scary looking. Your member from Canoga Park who said the area is NOT unsafe is kidding themselves, when he says further east of the hotel he must mean by further, a block, east, west and south as well and I would under no circumstances walk around with my daughter in the area surrounding the hotel, in fact I wouldn't chance it with a male adult either. I will never stay in this hotel again unless they were to take some serious instruction in customer service and the art of dealing with people effectively. Do these people care at all about how they represent the hotel and the impression they leave people? Apparently not but the hotel management should be advised that this is the downfall of the hotel and a probable reason why they get little repeat business. The hotel's architecture is so very, very beautiful and it's history so steeped in tradition that it's a very big shame it should be ruined by the lacking service of many of it's front-line staff. Shame on this hotel and shame on many of it's employees - a HUGE disappointment.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You'll never leave the Hotel I stayed here for five nights in the begining of June. This place is Teir 1. The valet parking is easy and fast. The lobby is great, it is all marble and has beautiful furnishings everywhere. The rooms are very comfortable and good sized. The Sushi bar is fantastic and they also have a Mediterranian restaurant that is ok. The pool is very nice and they have all the cardio and weights you can ask for. This is were they used to hold the Academy Awards and they have weddings here all the time. This just brings a happy atmosphere to the hotel. The only reason I didn,y give it an excellent is because there are the typical pan handlers and you shouldn't walk outside at night alone.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Out_of_valley
<Content>I love the Biltmore  I have stayed at the Biltmore several times over the past few years andhave always loved it. The area of downtown LA where the Biltmore islocated is NOT dangerous and is NOT near skid row, which is further east.Yes, there is the occasional panhandler, but that is a minor nuisance.There is a lot to see and do downtown - Museum of Contemporary Art,Disney Hall concerts, etc. The hotel itself is beautiful; the murals in thelounge next to the bar should not be missed. I have eaten at Sai-Sai,the Japanese restaurant in the hotel, many times - excellent. The roomsare charming and many have a view.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel, lousy service When we first arrive, we were greeted by the valet people. They took the car, as we went in. After getting our hotel room, we decided to go out on the town. However, when we went to get our car they informed us that we have been charged $ 24. We weren't told of the charges before hand, so this had came as a surprise to us. Where we are from, it is unheard of to have parking fees that high. We were then told that we where going to be charged $24 for every day that we were there, and that we couldn't park anywhere else. Not wanting to spend an extra $100+ dollars just on parking, we decided to park at a near by parking lot and walk. When we asked to have the charges removed from our bill because we no longer needed the valet parking, they rudly ask us many questions, and after waiting 15 minutes, they finally took off all charges. Along with taking off the charges, they also closed our account so we could no longer buy items (like a pre-pay movie). We had also asked for directions to a place, but somehow they guided us the wrong way. We ended up in a mass confuesion trying to find our way to our destination. The hotel is also by a very low part of town. From many window views one could see homeless people laying about.However, the hotel is very beautifully decorated, and the rest of the staff was happy to accomidate us. Personally, this hotel is great for business people, or any one that needs a hotel for a night. It isn't great for familys, espically people with young kids. Next time I go to Los Angeles, I will be staying at a different hotel, in a different side of the town. Hopefully this review is helpfull to anyone that is considering staying at the Biltmore.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a pleasant experience I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. This hotel is the thing that nightmares are made of. The location is terrible - it is located in a dangerous part of town and incredibly hard to find. The beauty of the hotel itself ends in the lobby - the rooms are small and not clean, the staff is rude and unbearable, and the hotel itself has a bad smell to it. Instead of treating their guests as paying customers and in a friendly and helpful way - the employees at this hotel treat their guests as though they should not have any requests or questions and should stay out of their way. The staff is pretentious and does not make their guests feel welcome. This hotel is not worth the price. I will never return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>1happydisneygirl
<Content>Things not always better the second time around My husband and I stayed at this hotel in 2001 and had such a wonderful time, we promised ourselves we would go back. Well, we wish we hadn't kept our promise!When we arrived, the front desk peronnel wasn't as friendly as the last time. In fact, they weren't helpful at all. It was the bellhop who was sooooooooo nice. Without asking, he told us everything about LA and what we could do and where we could go. He also told us about the hotel amenities. He was very informative.We stayed on the 10th floor, which is the Club Level. We were told at check in that the rooms had been renovated and we would be very happy with ours. Oh my. If our room had been renovated, I would hate to see the rest. The 10th floor smelled old and musty. Our room and bathroom were dirty. The walls looked patched up and the shower head was disgusting and looked like it hadn't been cleaned since it was first installed.When I sat on the bed, it felt hard as a rock, so I called down to housekeeping to ask for a bed pad. The lady told me she didn't think they had pads and I should call the front desk and ask to be moved since most of the mattresses had been replaced in the last year, but our mattress was one of the ones that hadn't. So, I called down to front desk who said they would check on it for me. When front desk called back, she rudely informed me the mattresses on our floor hadn't been replaced and there was nothing she could do. She said she would send housekeeping up to put a pad on the bed. They did, but I had to jump thru hoops to get it.Because we stayed on the club level, we had evening snacks and continental breakfast. WOW!!! That was definitely worth the upgrade. The breakfast was delicious and plentiful, with fresh pastries, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, fresh oj and the freshest/sweetest mix of berries I've ever eaten. We ate at Sai Sai, the on-site Japanese restaurant. We had eaten there before and had a wonderful experience. Not so this time. The waitress handed us our menus and returned about 3 minutes later (no exaggeration) and asked us if we had made up our minds. When we told her we needed more time, she became irritated. She hovered over us (without being helpful) the whole time and we felt like we shouldn't be there. It was very uncomfortable. And then our food arrived cold.The 10th floor concierge was definitely much more helpful and friendly than the lobby staff. The gentleman manning the concierge desk spent a considerable amount of time showing us maps of LA and telling us where to go and where to eat. We followed most of his suggestions and weren't disappointed.Check out was a different story. The valet staff must have been in a bad mood because they were rude to everyone. People were complaining to management and staff. It was sad. I'm not sure what happened at this hotel in the last few years, but our stay at the Biltmore was a big disappointment for us and we won't be back. I've stayed at some old hotels that have updated their facilities without losing their historical charm. Unfortunately, the Biltmore isn't one of those places. I also hope the front desk and valet staff remembers that they represent the hotel and should seek some friendly advice from the bellhops.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dalangdon
<Content>The best choice in downtown LA - one of the best in the region The Millenium Biltmore is a classic hotel with excellent service and beautiful atmosphere. The guest rooms are immaculate and tastefully appointed, the restaurants superb and the architecture of this hotel make it both a landmark and local treasure. It excludes the glamour and elegance of a bygone era, a Los Angeles that is almost extinct. Very few hotels in the LA area have the history and ambiance of the Biltmore, and it is definitely worth a visit. While downtown LA is not as vibrant as other cities, the Biltmore is within easy walking (yes, walking - in LA!) distance of the major corporate, cultural and tourist sites - and if you don't want to walk, cabs and limos are easily obtained from the staff. The Biltmore is a must-do experience in Los Angeles.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best we've been too!       Club Room  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed at the Biltmore in Downtown LA in Jan. and Feb. of 04'. Everything about this hotel was great. THe valet was fast and indoors, the room service was so amazing I didn't even want to eat out and reasonably priced. The restaurants there are decent. The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous. The room I stayed in was pretty basic but a great veiw of the courtyard. It was quiet and cozy. Housekeeping was thoughtuful and left notes for anything they weren't sure of. It's close to the theatre and jewelry district and very close to the interstate. The only problem I had was checking out....no one ever came to get my bags. All around I really liked staying there and would do it again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladyt
<Content>Beautiful architecture, slow service I stayed at the Biltmore while attending a conference. The architecture of the hotel is beautiful. The room was adequate and the bed comfortable. The housekeeping staff was reponsive and efficient. Unfortunately, the banquet staff was a bit slow in the upkeep of the meeting rooms (e.g. removing debris from tablecloths or changing soiled tablecloths). I was surprised that the escalator to the Biltmore Bowl was often inoperative when my group was going to convene in the room. I would think twice about staying at this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Biltmore! The Biltmore was our final stay on a bus tour with 29 people. We all had very comfortable rooms (no complaints) and the hotel itself is truly beautiful...there are photos showing the grand events that took place back in Hollywood's glory days and we all enjoyed viewing the big stars of the day...it used to host the Acadamy Awards. The intricate detail of the ceilings and walls is amazing and a true historical treasure...no complaints about the 100 year old elevators because they just add to the hotel's authentic character. Yes, the rooms are not as large as newer hotels, but people need to appreciate this hotel for its beautiful architecture and history (believe me, we are not history buffs but could not help but appreciate the splendor of this hotel). The staff that we dealt with were very professional and we highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WilfFrance
<Content>Better than expected Having read a few reviews after I had booked this hotel that were not very encouraging, it was with some apprehension that my wife and me checked in here in March 2005. All of these fears soon dissapeared as we took in the surroundings and the rooms which are first class. Sure there were a few mini hiccups like the TV system which was undergoing a changeover of some sort but we didn't travel to LA to watch TV! The car parking is a bit of a rip off but again, this is LA and at least the car parking ervice is efficient and takes away the problem of doing it yourself and finding the wheels missing next day. If you need somewhere sumptuous to stay over, this is the place. However, remember this is downtown with not much to see in the area if you're walking. Oh, and the Water Grill restaurant adjacent to the hotel. Its good, but take a mortgage out for the bill. With the wine list starting in the region of $80/100 plus for the local brew you can make your own mind up!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE SERVICE We stayed at the hotel for a wedding. Prior to our arrival, I called and confirmed our reservation for a non-smoking king size bed. When we got to the hotel, they stated they only had two non-smoking rooms - queen size and double size beds. So we opted for the non-smoking/queen size bed. The room was small, old, smelley, dusty and the lights were not working. Our request for the second room was met with rude commentary and poor service. The second was much better than the first room, but more in-line with a one or two star hotel. It was not a four-star hotel. Other guests that were attending the wedding also stayed at the hotel and had similar experiences. We were all very disappointed with the cleanliness of the rooms, service at the front desk and valet. We would NOT stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeniLana
<Content>Rooms in need of renovation Yes, the lobby and other public areas are beautiful. The rooms, however, are average at best and not nearly the standard that I would expect from an otherwise classy hotel. I don't mind that the place is old and found no problems with plumbing, elevators, etc. But there was that old smell everywhere and the beds were terribly uncomfortable - lumpy mattresses on both of the double beds, linens were worn out poly/cotton blend. I've had better sheets at the most budget hotels! We had a decent view of Pershing Square through four windows that opened. Our room had no mini fridge, which was a disappointment. Front desk staff were rather standoffish but the bellhops were great. Breakfast in the coffee shop was nice but the $18 buffet seemed overpriced. The fruit plate for about $6 was a much better deal. Parking is expensive and valet service was very slow.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>L'amour99
<Content>Never Again My stay here was for 4 nights, 4-8 January '05. I was staying with family and I have to say it was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. Upon check in, the reception staff was rude and very distant. When I noted that I had requested a high floor room. I was told that I would be on the 4th floor and that was that. Once in our room which to give it credit was a decent size, we realised that the closet was tiny and the room smelled old. I understand that this is an historic hotel, but not having the ability to open windows and allow fresh air in, is ridiculous! On the first time using the shower, I opened the shower curtain to find the bathroom had flooded! I called down to report it to the main desk. They sent an engineer, who had no idea what I was talking about. Not sure what was done to stop the problem, it looked liked they re-grouted the bath. But the bathroom flooded again everytime it was used! In the end it seemed as though the double layer shower curtain was leaking! There was a fridge in our room which we didn't have to pay for. Good thing too! Considering when I went to use it I found old food from the previous guests inside! Who knows how long it had been there! I know they have housekeeping, but somehow they seemed to have forgotten our room! Only when I dropped a piece of clothing on the floor, I found it covered in dust! That was when I realised that they only vacuumed the areas on show! Continuing with the service received in this hotel. Upon check out, they did not disappoint, I was ignored for around 10 minutes, until I approached the desk and announced my wish to leave. The lack of attention and eye contact from staff made my exit from this hotel something that could not have come too soon!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>loveamerica
<Content>Make sure they don't shut the water off when you're about to check out!!! We stayed here in November 2003 and have been meaning to write this review since then!We were really looking forward to staying in this hotel after reading about its history and the location. What a disappointment. You're lulled into a false sense of security with the oppulent lobby, but once you're passed that, it goes downhill very quickly. Our room was tiny, with a tiny bathroom and a tiny TV, a safe that didn't work and we had to get the security chap to look at it. Our room looked out onto a courtyard which, from the sound of it, had every dumpster in greater Los Angeles being emptied all night. The valet parking was the slowest we have ever come across and none of the staff we met were particularly helpful or motivated. The final straw was being told on our last day that the hotel was turning off all the water from 10.00 a.m. until 3.00 p.m. It would have been nice to be able to shower before a twelve hour flight home, but that wasn't to be.We have no plans to stay at this hotel again. We'd rather spend our money on a hotel more deserving that knows how to treat their guests.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorG
<Content>Rust, mold and cold water While the refurbished lobby, restaurants and bars are still elegant and luxurious, the standard rooms are far more reminiscent of a decrepit dorm room. Chipped paint, rusting fixtures, moldy grout and an utter lack of amenities. The assorted selections of soaps and shampoos, apparently borrowed from other hotels, is not critical, but is indicative of the curent state of the Biltmore. Waking up to find a mixture of cold to luke warm water dribbling out of the five foot high showerhead only reinforced an already negative impression. The staff are certainly accomodating and room service was adequate, but I would wait until a complete renovation of the rooms before ever staying at the Biltmore again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad!!! I stayed there last month..hotel is nice..room was huge...nice TV..bed....elevator is about 100 years old and a little slow....parking is not cheap..26 plus tips for the valet...I parked the last night across the street in the city parking garage only $14..no tip.Service was friendly but a little incompetent...didnt know how to use the check cashing machine...needed a manager but no one was around. Room safe didnt work. Internet use is outrageous $8.00 for 15 minutes!!!!! in the business center.The area was very ethnically diverse and interesting...not scary.Overall a good hotel for the right price!!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patronlime
<Content>What a Lovely Place! I stayed at the Biltmore December 7-9, on business. I found all of the employees to be friendly, and all of the accommodations were lovely. A great deal of effort goes into making guests feel comfortable.The Japanese restaurant was very good, although the delivery of the food was inconsistent. As a party of four, the first person to be served was finished with her meal when the last person was served. The staff was very friendly though...I will return to the Millenium Biltmore.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>meh7976
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at the Biltmore I stayed for 8 days at the Biltmore for a convention in October. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the staff was and how large our room turned out to be. We checked in at about 12:30 a.m. and the bellman took our bags up while we were finishing up the check-in process. When we were let into our room we went into a little hall way with two other doors. One door lead to a bedroom area then second door lead to a living and dinning room area. We ended up having a suite for the price of just a regular room. The closet was a typical 1920-30's style walk in with just a rack and 3 shelves along with an ironing board and iron. The bathroom was small as others have stated but the seperate shower made up for the small area. Each of our rooms had a desk with a mirror so we could do our hair and make-up however, the lighting was dark and made it a challange. Just remember to call for your car about 10-15 minutes before you are ready to go, it does take a little time to get your car. The public areas are beautiful and if you love old buildings this is a great place to stay. Even with convention traffic of 350 people plus other events in the hotel the elevators were not over whelmed. Overall we had a great stay at the Biltmore and would definately stay again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel in a Less than Perfect Place What a beautiful hotel - spacious rooms, an elaborate lobby, a swanky lounge, several restaurants connected to the hotel as well as a sports bar, and a connection to old Hollywood like no other complete with a photographic history on the walls all around you. Unfortunately.....It couldn't be in a worse location. Outside of the fact that you are three blocks away from the ghetto (which is upsetting and makes you feel guilty walking down the streets if you have any sort of soul), Downtown L.A. is really far from everything that a tourist would like to see their first time out. So a lot of your expenses will be spent on cabs if you don't like mass transit. Forget the buses - they take eons. Subways are easy to navigate and are economical ($3 for a day pass) however the lines are very limited and you'll have to take a connecting bus to Santa Monica and outskirting areas. Even though the hotel is esquisite, and the room rates were a good price, you end up paying the difference in cab fares and lost time. Better to pay the extra $40-50 per night on a hotel closer to the action since a one way cab ride costs that much anyway.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Place to Stay! I stayed five nights at this hotel with an event and had the time of my life. It is an older historic hotel, so it isn't perfect. However, whatever it may lack the history and charm more than make up for it. The public rooms are stunning. The pool is an amazing antique that takes you back to a far more charming era. The staff was great. Our room was charming and comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel and I plan on returning first chance I get!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oundine
<Content>overall pretty nice - minor negatives The Biltmore Hotel was beautiful. Colors were a bit faded compared to the pictures tha you can find about it but to be expected. Room were clean and painted recently. Can be a bit noisy (from the outside) but it is located downtown so expect city noise. Bathroom was a bit cramped although the water pressure was great. TV was not very well situated, off in a corner a bit high so watching a little bit wasn't the most comfortable thing in the world. Elevators were small but plentiful and fast. The fitness center was pretty nice for a hotel once you find it. Parking was valet only at $24/day when I went so don't forget to add that to the cost of the hotel. It looked like valet could get pretty crowded and it did when there was an event at the hotel - a bit of an inconvenience. A few good places to eat within walking distance though so that helped.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lori55
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This Hotel was absolutely beautiful!!! Rooms were nice but the bathrooms could've been a little nicer. TV was small, The concierge was very rude. Valet attendants were very nice. They were filming two television shows while i was there. (CSI and Alias) Very Exciting!! Overall, I would stay there again. I just wouldn't ask the concierge for anything!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one of the best yet!! What a beautiful hotel. The staff were fabulous. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. I was so impressed with the rooms and the whole surrounds in general. I have told all my family and friends not to stay (if they visit LA) anywhere but here. I only wish we could visit more often and stay in such a beautiful place....  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janeite
<Content>Beautiful, imperfect First, the obvious: The public rooms are stunning. Picture lofty ceilings, impressive frescos, sparkling chandeliers, rich carpets, gleaming floors. (On the down side, the chairs in the lovely lobby badly need recovering.) At our conference, food was served efficiently and was very good; bar prices were high but this is the big city! The meeting rooms were usually comfortable and well-set-up.As for the bedrooms, they are indeed old but pretty comfortable. My bed was excellent, but the sheets were coarse and scratchy. The bathroom was small, but I'm not used to palatial ones anyway and it was well-equipped. The shower was exellent. Plastic flowers looked cheap. One wonderful surprise was the complimentary shuttle to the Music Center. We expected a minivan but were driven in style in a stretch limo. Oh yeah! Another surprise was all the filming in and around the hotel. It was fun to watch horses pull a chariot down the street past the cameras. Apparently this kind of activity is very common. When you see the public rooms you'll understand why location directors love the place.I glanced into the fitness center. The pool is gorgeous but small. Most of the facilities are coed--including the steam room. No thanks! The lobby bar is glamourous; the sports bar noisy (naturally), but it serves very good food at a reasonable price. There are many delis and cafes around to keep the food costs down.All in all, I would return. It's not perfect, but the management tries very hard to please and you can't beat the glitter.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't think it's scary or creepy! I stayed here for a three-day weekend in September 2004. I got the room on Priceline for $60 and was a little worried while I was reading these reviews, thinking it would be desolate and creepy. But I didn't think it was at all! I checked in around 1 am, and there were people around. I did not feel uneasy. In fact, there were people around all weekend. There were weddings and other functions each day, and lots of tourists. The room itself was not nearly as beautiful as the common areas, but it was fine. It was clean enough, but did seem old. More like a 2 1/2 to 3 star room. The lobbies were gorgeous. Every staff member I encountered was professional and courteous. As for the homeless people, of course they are around. This is a major city. Use common sense and don't go into dangerous areas. Downtown is not the best place to stay, but they are building it up and there are some nice places to go, such as MOCA, Little Tokyo, and some art galleries if you are adventurous. Also, you are 20 minutes to everywhere, Santa Monica, Hollywood, Pasadena. It was a really good deal, especially through Priceline.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MATTH
<Content>Nice but old and spooky FIRSTLY - dont go to Downtown LA for any kind of holiday / Vacation. Just dont. Right then... The hotel nice-ish the reveiws are right - good public rooms, great sports bar (if a little down market) good fitness center although there is a charge...The rooms are a bit hick. I am sure they are clean but they just give the impresion that they are dirty - The furniture is dated. The TV was cerca 1980 surly and the bathroom small. I really didnt fancy the shower at all and waited until I got to beverly Hills where we moved to on realising there was NOTHING to do in Downtown.The black and white pictures in the hallways downstairs of happy days of yester-year from the hotel are very creepy and add to the spookyness which this hotel holds - the cocktail bar look like it is from the shining its ok - it was quite cheap i suppose - Im a 4/5 star Hilton guy so this was not my bag really - it may be yours.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDemon
<Content>Is a old hotel, but friendly staff Stayed there during the labor day weekend of 2004. Hotel is very old and rooms are not that big. When I checked it, I was placed into a very very small room and some strange rusty smell. I called the staff and asked to be placed into another room. With no questions asked, I was placed into a much better room.My advise: if you have to pay regular rate, don't go there - you have to pay $24 for parking a day and there is nothing around there. However, if you can find reduced rate, give this a try. And always, when things don't look right, talk to the staff, they will surely help you.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beatuiful hotel, the poorest of customer relations and no ventilation Although the hotel itself is quite lovely the hotel is stuffy and the halls have no ventilation, not even a hint of airconditioning. I do believe the room we were in is probably still not up to the temperature we set when my husband and I first got there. We had an experience trying to locate a bow tie that was left out of my husbands rented tux....the men's store attached to the hotel was not open to purchase one nor was anyone accomadating to get one ..after trying numerous time to locate the concierge ..(7 attempts and numerous transfers and the front desk wasn't answering either) we finally called the bell hop for a manager....he was not accomadating whatsoever as well as the whole entire staff.....wait let me stand corrected the only one who made us even remotely feel welcomed was the bell hop who took our luggage up.Our friend bought an extra bowtie from the valet so my husband could attend the event , which by the way was held in the hotel itself. This event had an attedance of 700 and to which my husband is on the board of directors...needless to say he will be making other recommendations for another facility next year. Someone finally found the General Manager but when we went out of the event to speak to him he suddenly disappeared..never to be seen and this is good customer relations? Never again will we ever step foot in that place again. I have other stories but this would never end. Oh and we have a problem with eating in the Italian restraunt and listening to the bus boy curse in spanish and watch him drag a garbage bag across the floor while we eat. My husband being in the food and beverage business was appalled !!!! one plus though the waitress was friendly and the food was good...and i thought the bad reviews for this hotel at first could not have been that bad ...but I guess we had the unfortunate experience of living it first hand. I will heed your reviews closer !:)  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impresive Building and Public Areas but motel6 type room I bought the weekend special that included one night stay plus parking and two day tickets for two to the Universal Studio. Parking attendants are nice and courteous but the required valet parking is a hassle for going in and out of the hotel. Front desk stuff have mixed altitudes - some are argumentative, some are courteous. The room I stayed in was a disappointment. For the same amount I paid for the room (less ticket value), I could have stayed at a far better hotel room somewhere else. The TV is small and old. I would have thrown it out if it was in my house. The room has a dreary atmosphere that makes us feel depressed staying there. Dining, however, in one of the opulent restaurants more or less makes up for the hotel's shortcoming. I would try another hotel nearby, next time I plan to experience downtown L.A.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great building, horrible service and managment I recently stayed at the Biltmore in Los Angeles for the first time in a few years. It is still a great building, although the actual room was rather run down, but now has some of the worst service and management that I have yet encountered.First, there is an additional charge to use the pool (this is not stated on website or by reservation staff).Second, I was woken on 8:15 AM on the day of my departure by the housekeeping staff entering my room. I believe that a hotel should realize that I do not need my room cleaned on the day of departure and should not disturb me in trying to do so.Third, I paid $26.00 for room service coffee and a roll that arrived without coffee cups.Finally, I have a question about my bill. I have left two messages with the accounting staff and two with the front manager; none have been returned.I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The rooms were nothing special We came to spend the night to celebrate my husband's birthday. The Biltmore is a beautiful historic hotel located in the center of downtown L.A. The public rooms are very opulent and the architecture and attention to detail is just stunning. That being said, I was very underwhelmed with my stay at the Biltmore. There is no public parking anywhere nearby and the fee to park at the Biltmore is $22 per day with in and out privledges. Upon check in, we told the woman at the front desk it was my husband's birthday and asked if we could get a nice room or an upgrade. She requested my husband's ID, which I thought was strange- maybe to verify it really was his birthday. She told me she could give us a room that would include a free breakfast, free parking and free entry to the pool and health club - which is normally $7.00. She asked me how that sounded and I told her it sounded great. I asked her how much extra it would be and she told me $100!! Excuse me-I don't think so... I told her I'd take it for $20 or $40 but she told me that she couldn't do that. She gave me the keys to the room and off we went. When we opened the door to the room we couldn't believe the room she gave us. It had to be one of the smallest rooms I've ever seen in an American hotel. There was only one bed and it was a full size bed. I immediately called the front desk and asked for a larger room with a king or 2 doubles. They told me they would send the bell man up with keys to the new room. When the bellman came he commented that this was the smallest room in the hotel. We then went to see our new room. I would call it a standard size room with two full beds. The bathroom was very small and door was full of dust. Some of the fixtures in the room appeared to be original which added some charm, but overall the room was nothing special. There was no coffee maker and the TV was really small- I think it might have been a 19 inch. The Biltmore is a wonderful place to go for a wedding or business meeting but an overnight stay is nothing special.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Building, Super8 Staff The public rooms of the hotel are spectacular! The guest rooms are small (appropriate to the age of the hotel) but are a little run down, even those recently refurbished. I had to move rooms because my bed had collapsed and the furniture appeared to have just been moved in from the hall, without being arranged properly.The service was adequate but they were certainly not first class. They spent more time chatting with other staff members than helping guests. Customer satisifaction was not high on their list of priorities.I would recommend visiting the hotel, admiring the public rooms and then staying somewhere else, at least until they start to take service and maintenance of their rooms more seriously.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 star at best I stayed at the Biltmore Millennium in Downtown LA and I have to stay I was unsatisfied. The rooms were very dirty and there was at least a year of dust on the flowers in the bathroom. I stayed in room 804 and my brother was in room 886. The amenities were less than par for a 4 star hotel. There were no coffee makers, wireless internet was not available in all rooms, and small 19 TV's in the room. I consider this a 2 star hotel at best. My room was also missing the ottoman for the lounge chair. My brother's room had one. The cordless phone wasn't working and nothing was done about it when I informed housekeeping about it when I called them to replace a burned out light bulb. The valet parking attendants were excellent.I was very unsatisfied.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel...but small room We just stayed for one night last weekend. We had the club level room which included two tickets to MOCA musuem, free valet parking, sauna/pool/fitness center access and entrance to the club level lounge for appetizers  continental breakfast. The continental breakfast wasn't very good though, all I wanted was a bagel or toast and they had none. They need to provide more for that, at least some type of carbs! The room was very nicely decorated but extremely small. They didn't have any rooms with a view, so we had a view of the roof top. The room was newly decorated, with lush bedspread, elegant curtains, very clean. The negative was that I've never been in a smaller room! The armoire for the TV was beautiful but huge for the room. It was right up against the end of the bed and we had to turn sideways to walk by that area. The bathroom was VERY small but nicely done. If a larger person was to stay here there is no way they could even sit on the loo and have any side room! I would of complained and demanded another larger room if I were to stay more than just a night. This room had to be no more than 250sqft. The hotel itself is a gem, just lovely. The staff were very attentive and professional. The sports bar was well, a sports bar. Drinks were priced decent there but the Gallery Lounge they were stiff drinks for stiff prices. But you are also paying for the wonderful ambiance and lounge act that played so wonderfully. We sat in the back on these comfy plush leather couches and enjoyed our drinks  music. Our waiter was so delightful and attentive. Upon check-out I noticed that they charged me for 1/2 the valet parking fee, they took it off with no argument. The valet parkers were very nice too. All in all, I wouldn't stay there again unless I booked a larger room or suite, but for the price I paid for the MOCA special ($129) it was a good deal. And I would definitely recommend this hotel, mainly for the business traveler as it's not in the best area for walking.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad at all I bid for a 4 star hotel on PriceLine, and would up getting the Biltmore. This place is fairly nice. The old architecture and paintings on the ceilings are something really to look at. the room was nicely renovated. however, i agree, there was some lack in details such as a broken blind on the window. the bathroom was small, but nice with very good water pressure. i felt the room was a good size with the king size bed. a friend had a room with two fulls, and it was a little cramped. The TV is very small and old, so they should think about replacing those soon. The staff seemed to be fairly friendly. The older gentleman that works at the bar is very friendly and makes great drinks. Most of the valet staff was fairly nice, however, a few were rude. Also, they should slow down driving around the drop off/pick up zone (glad I had a rental). Also, I would suggest requesting your car by phone first, as it can take them up to 20 minutes to get your car if they are busy. It's pretty dead at night around downtown. I don't suggest walking around at night (if you drive 5 minutes away, it becomes homeless central. I've never seen so many homeless people in my life. It is truly a sad site, however, can be very dangerous if you're out walking alone.). Even when my friend stepped out for a smoke, he was immediately approached by one of the homeless walking around. Anyway, for the price I paid through PriceLine, I feel I got an excellent deal.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljnative
<Content>Ok for business - not for a vacation   showReview(1745723, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steph5803
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel   showReview(1665915, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Movie star glamour at the Biltmore   showReview(1558986, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>History and Room Great!   showReview(1534570, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donnas902
<Content>Beautiful hotel with lots of history   showReview(1270452, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Treasure of a Hotel!   showReview(1220412, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Horrible Experience   showReview(1137840, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful. We were treated like royalty.   showReview(749997, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service and Treatment   showReview(693647, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>For such a beautiful hotel, the service sucked !   showReview(633954, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saperlip0pette
<Content>Palace 脿 l'ancienne       piscine  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lukyc79
<Content>Bello.....ma la pulizia....   showReview(20542231, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	2	2	4	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de prestige montrant son age   showReview(20551290, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>katrin1211
<Content>sch枚nes hotel in zentraler lage   showReview(19905470, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien   showReview(19637247, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>phvaalgr
<Content>tr猫s bien   showReview(19350055, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Carreteraimanta
<Content>Hotel bien situado.   showReview(19173527, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	2	-1	1	

<Author>dmirouze
<Content>Magnifique decor   showReview(18996544, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(19637249, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bel h么tel historique   showReview(19637245, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>niama
<Content>P茅simo Hotel   showReview(18545186, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans hesiter   showReview(18529356, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(18529355, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr elegantes Hotel in Bankenviertel Downtown LA   showReview(18529349, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu loin d'activit茅s   showReview(18529347, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bel h么tel avec inconv茅nients   showReview(18529346, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit Geschichte   showReview(17431408, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Standort f眉r LA Anf盲nger   showReview(17431407, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel mais parking tr猫s cher   showReview(15565567, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(15565565, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(15565564, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport down town los angeles   showReview(14729121, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu vieux   showReview(13977826, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mari_paolo
<Content>magnifico hotel   showReview(13459035, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	2	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres confortable a conseiller   showReview(11306112, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per chi vuole un albergo di lusso a tutti i costi   showReview(13191231, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>emplacement ideal   showReview(11306111, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel buono   showReview(11661219, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏄犵敾銉曘偂銉炽伀銇娿仚銇欍倎銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19163781, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>waschb盲r
<Content>Top-Hotel im Herzen Downtowns   showReview(6081267, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	2	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres decu a cause du bruit de ventillation exterieur   showReview(11363192, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銈︺兂銈裤偊銉炽伀娉娿伨銈嬨仾銈夈亰銇欍仚銈併仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19159106, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇勪簨銇銇嶃伨...   showReview(21801727, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>dommage pour le cot茅 v茅tuste   showReview(11333478, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑷倷銇枹銇欍倠鎯呭牨   showReview(19157992, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺伅銇嬨仾銈婄逗楹椼仹...   showReview(21801184, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儭銉偒銉炽儝銈广儓銉兗   showReview(19156839, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儸銉嬨偄銉犮儞銉儓銉偄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19156675, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銇ц豹鑿仾姘楀垎   showReview(19930458, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏冩棪銈堛倞锛旀硦婊炲湪銇椼伨...   showReview(19929246, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇э紦閮藉競瑷倢...   showReview(19918279, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

