<Author>NYArista
<Content>Nice, comfortable room Nice hotel. Location is okay but can be confusing if you're driving. It is located in a circular ramp right by the airport and we constantly missed the ramp when driving back to the hotel. When we called hotel, they couldn't correctly tell us the directions so it would be helpful if you have a GPS or good map. Surrounding streets are named with numbers but not in any kind of sequential order so it's really easy to get lost. There are not a lot of options to eat or things to do surrounding the hotel. It's just an airport hotel. It is about 25 min away from Miami/South Beach. You need to pay a toll when driving to Miami Beach. We stayed out the whole day at Miami Beach and just came back to hotel to sleep.There aren't any freebies. Parking costs $9/day, wi-fi $9.95/per use from room, no free breakfast. There are about 4 computers by lobby with free internet with a printer. The parking garage is not very conveniently connected to hotel. After parking, you need to go in staircase at end of garage and then carry luggage at least 1 flight and then walk through the mezzanine to get to the elevators. If you pay for valet and pay for the bell hop to bring up your bag then you can avoid this problem but it will cost you more especially if you are staying for a few days. The front desk is a bit standoffish, not as friendly as other hotels I've been to. There is a small pool area outside the lobby.Regarding the room, everything was clean and comfortable. Furnishings were nice and modern. There was a flat screen LG tv and an ipod docking station. There is no refrigerator or minibar. Only small minor issue we had was a missing Do Not Disturb sign for our room, no pen for the writing pad, and a scratched up toilet seat. Bathroom needs updating. Make sure you ask for room facing golf course b/c the other side is of unsightly construction.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Dorsethill
<Content>Pre Cruise Stay We stayed at the Wyndham Miami Airport Hotel for one night prior to a cruise. It was not our choice - but included in our Package - Having read the reviews on this site, when we checked in - which wasn't a problem even tho there were quite a few of us coming of a flight - we requsted a Golf view side, which wasn't a problem, was also asked if smoking or non. Glad we got the golf view side, as others who had the other side had said looking out to a building site is not a good start for a holiday. for us even tho we were there just over night and the following morning, there was no were to go. It is very good for an overnight stop to catch a flight or similar, but not if you want to be near shops, restuarants etc.We had a bite in the bar that evening (that is all we wanted) and found the staff friendly. The room suited our needs - and after coming off a long haul flight, found the bed comfy (we had a king size). Breakfast was continental or hot, we had the conti which was very sufficient. The following morning sat by the pool which was pleasant. The reason I have given it a Neutral rating was the position for us!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>michidan
<Content>Not crazy about this hotel We ( husband and kids) stayed here because price was reasonable and close to airport. We spent most of our time in Miami beach- not at the hotel - thankfully. The rooms ostensibly seemed clean but when i first checked in- my non smoking room smelled of smoke- I then switched rooms. The bathrooms looked as if they were cleaned but not thoroughly. I found the front desk staff a bit arrogant compared to virtually every other hotel i stayed in. The area is a bit scary at night- don't walk anywhere. I had a car and only had to walk to the hotel from the garage and even that frightened me slightly. I can't put my finger on it but i just didn't like this hotel compared to others i have stayed in within the same ratings category.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	1	2	4	

<Author>TootiesTravels
<Content>Nice place to stay       2 queen bed room  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>saintba
<Content>Ok for an Airport Hotel Continuing on my Christmas vacation my family and I were traveling around. We just came from Naples, Florida and had to fly to Los Angeles and had an early morning flight and didn't want to drive from Naples and then fly the same day so we booked a hotel close to the airport so it would be easy. If you are looking to be VERY close to the Miami International Airport it doesn't get much closer than this hotel. I looked and it seemed to be the nicest airport hotel so we booked it. I tend to always avoid airport hotels unless I have an early morning flight the next day and want to be close as traffic in some cities can be horrible. (Miami is no exception).We booked a King Suite and we were pleasantly surprised by the room. It was very spacious with a comfortable King Size bed. It had a big LCD table and the view was of a nice Golf Course out the window. We were surprised as I didn't hear any planes at all throughout our trip so either we just got a really quiet room or they put sound proof windows on all their rooms. We are traveling with our 5 month old baby and requested a baby crib and they had one in the room waiting which was nice. Unfortunately they don't have any mini-bar or refrigerator in the room (or at least ours didn't have one) but there is a vending machine that sells drinks including bottled water near the ice machine so we were ok. The bathroom was decent.The staff was all very friendly. Internet was $10 a day.The big negative is that the AC when turned on had a loud noise as I think the fan motor was broken in our unit. I didn't bother to call down as we didn't discover it untiil the night as we were out shopping all day and by then we were too tired to move to another room.At the check-out I mentioned it to the girl checking me out and the manager immediately asked me for the room #. I hope they fix it as that was the only complaint during my stay.I booked on Expedia.com and the rate was $165/night. All in all as airport hotels go.... this was ok. The next day when we were leaving it was nice as they have a shuttle that goes to the airport terminals every 15 minutes and it's so close to the airport that we were there in no time. It was nice they always had someone to help with bags. We had TONS of bags/suitcases from shopping and they always were kind helping out with them. Valet parking was also available at $15/day.We're off to Los Angeles then San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SuzieTarmac
<Content>Housekeeping/ Room Service not the best The guestrooms are nicely furnished and has great decor. Desk is great to work from since you are able to swive the TV to face the desk. However, there was many housekeeping and Room Service issues. When I checked in- the coffee maker had no packets for cream/ sugar or cups. There was a half used bottle of hand cream in the bathroom (which I threw away). The pads of paper to jot notes on was pre-used and had only one sheet of paper on them and no pens. The phone was completely missing the cover so it was difficult to find phone numbers. Room Service was average and did not provide any salt/pepper both times I ordered. The menu in the room was stained and ripped. Tried to give the benifit of the doubt to Housekeeping but when I arrived back in my room after it had been cleaned- coffee was not touched or refilled and I did not receive another bottle of handcream.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Dot_and_Ed
<Content>Ok, but Bad Location Wife and I stayed here one night before and one night after a cruise. This hotel sits in the middle of nowhere. You have to beg the shuttle service to take you anywhere other than the airport. Nearest mall was a $25 dollar(one way) cab ride away. Nothing is within walking distance. Unless you have a rental car or don't want to leave the hotel. stay elsewhere. The pool was very nice.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Corran9
<Content>Relaxing after long flight We stayed here for 1 night 10 October before we boarded our Cruise. We found the staff very courteous and helpful. The room was clean and spacious.This was a good hotel to relax in after a long transatlantic flight and prepare for a weeks Cruise.We used the Hotel Restaurant for Dinner and breakfast. The price was reasonable and the food above average. The only problem was the buffet breakfast was cold as the hot unit was not working. After informing the restaurant manager 2 employees were repairing it within minutes.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>izlo
<Content>grate service I stayed at wyndham miami airpot 3 nights for my work. The hotel located few minunts from the airport. the southern rooms have the view of the nice golf and water. i mostly want to share my highly satisfaction from the service and kindness of the staff everywere in the hotel including tansportation. the room is big and convenient with every thing you need for business or vaction. I had good time with my friends crouching at the pool with good sigar and drinks at evening when it cooled down with light velvetly breeze, listening to latin music and splashing water nearby.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobcore
<Content>Stressfull Place to Sleep - Move on! This place was nice, but the location was terrible. If you are looking for a nice hotel to stay for recreation or business in Miami, avoid the hotels within a 3 mile radius of this one. It is not your typical place for a vacation. There is terrible traffic, construction everywhere you go (including directly in front of the hotel), and be prepaired to pay $9 for parking EVERYWHERE! I could not find a decent hotel anywhere near this area.I stayed here for a week on business, and I was stressing out the entire time. Each time I left or returned to the hotel, the traffic pattern and entrance/exit was different due to the construction. I just nearly avoided a head on collision with a bus because I thought I was turning into the hotel entrance. The walk from the parking garage was a long haul to my room, and the area does not seem to be a very safe place.The bar prices were outrageous! $6 for a Miller lite, and the bartender took it before I was even finished. Internet is $9.99 a day in the rooms, but free in the hotel lobby (Secret Tip - Log on in the lobby, then go to your room). Dont get me wrong...its a nice decent hotel, but there is better. The next week I stayed about 3 miles away and it felt like home. Nice shopping centers nearby with free parking, and plenty of space everywhere to kick back and relax. If you must stay in this area, DO YOUR RESEARCH, and choose wisely. I don't want anyone else to go through what I did during this stay, so I am willing to let travelers contact me about their stay. Good luck!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	2	3	1	

<Author>becky3128
<Content>Very nice, modern looking (from the inside) Wyndham       Pool area  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>GregnJandee
<Content>It was pretty good. My wife and I stayed at the Wyndham overnight as we were flying to the Bahama's the next day. I must say that I liked the hotel. It was fairly clean except the shower which had mildew in the tile.The staff was very friendly and quick to help you. I was impressed. I would recommend this hotel, but just be aware that you really do get what you pay for!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>RPaulus
<Content>In and Out...in a good way... Was very happy with this hotel. We had to stay due to flight problems at airport. With all of the airline hassles we went through--hours of delays, finally cancels, etc. it was so NICE to get to the Wyndham. It was quick from the airport and the people were very kind. Hotel is kind of funky--always thought that Wyndhams were boring but not this one. Great buffet breakfast--though a bit expensive. I would imagine the price is probably the same at all of the airport hotels--they've got you locked up. Room was very nice and comfortable. No problems at all and we were returned back to the airport promptly in the morning to catch our flight.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bonjonsc
<Content>Right next door to the airport a big plus We stayed here for a very short night before a flight out, so this was a purely functional stay.The shuttle arrived quickly at the airport for pick up and check in was painless. The room was fairly clean, but it did look like the maid was in a hurry to skip the vaccuming that day-- there was fuzz and a few cough drop wrappers on the floor.The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was functional.The major concern we had was that we asked when the shuttles ran before 6 am and we were told every hour on the half hour. We got to the lobby at 4:20 and got into the shuttle, which left at 4:24 (not entirely full ,either). Had we not been there early, we would have missed our shuttle and may have not made our 6 a.m. flight. Just be careful to watch that if you are concerned about an early morning flight.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>want2c
<Content>Two thumbs way up! The Wyndham Miami Airport Hotel provided us with a perfectly restful evening before our journey home. The contemporary d茅cor provided a wonderful atmosphere throughout the entire building. The rooms were spotless with comfortable beds with plenty of pillows. Our room came with a flat screen TV and a beautiful view of the golf course next door. Best of all, although we could see the airplanes taking off, we were never disturbed by any of them and got a good night鈥檚 sleep. The hotel restaurant is top notch with a beautiful presentation matched only by the great taste of the food itself. Also, our waitress, Gloria, went out of her way to help us out. So if you鈥檙e reading this, Wyndham Management, take care of Gloria because she takes care of your guests. Because of our great experience here and not so great experiences elsewhere in the area, the Wyndham will be our hotel of choice when we return to Miami.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PJMRP
<Content>A little tatty but great comfy beds We booked a room for 4 adults for one night after arriving from the UK, the transfers from the hotel to the airports were fine and the staff throughout the visit were very pleasant and helpful. The room was a little cramped for four people but ok for the one night and the beds were really comfortable.However considering the price we paid we all thought it was a little tatty round the edges and looked the worse for wear. However would probably stay there again since the Marriott where we usually stay was 拢20 more expensive.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SixAlpha
<Content>Great hotel! Stayed at the Wyndham for one day during a layover between flights. My room was plenty large, very clean, and had a nice view of the golf course. Everything in the room worked, and I didn't hear any noise from the other rooms. The bed was very comfortable, and the flat screen TV, iPod plug on the alarm clock and free bottled water were nice touches... too bad they charge for internet access.As far as location goes, this is about as close to MIA as it gets, so the airport shuttle was very prompt. There's nothing as far as food or entertainment within walking distance, but many of the rental car companies are just down the street which could save you some hassle if you're renting a car.The front desk was efficient, but the housekeeping staff seemed overwhelmed.. at 6pm they were still cleaning rooms! On the other hand, their ByRequest manager is great and was very friendly and helpful when he delivered my welcome snacks.I'll gladly stay here again on my next trip through Miami.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Sandokan62
<Content>One of the worst Airport Hotel experience ever! This place really is a incredible mess. Constructions going over all around the hotel (ok , I admit, this is not the properties problem..), the rooms are not clean, the Bar is one of the worst I have ever seen and the check in procedure seems to be more like an emergency evacuation program where everyone wants to get out at the same time. I just do not understand how management is not trying to take at least so minimal influence on the bad local service.If you have to stay here then just in case you do not find another accomodation in the range of 20 miles and for max one night!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	2	

<Author>brandinecole
<Content>great hotel My mother and I stayed here a pre night before our cruise out of the Port of Miami. The resort was nice, lobby was modern and the staff were very helpful. We arrived late in the evening and had a bite at the onsite restaurant. It was a good meal (rather high price ) but we were eating at the hotel and were without a car. The rooms were modern and in neutral up to date furnishings. Nice bathroom and clean. There was no breakfast included in the rates however, they do have breakfast for purchase but it ts rather high as well. It is close to the airport and a 20$ taxi ride to the pier. I would definately reccomend this property for a pre or post cruise, or someone needing an airport hotel.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jester95008
<Content>Great stop off hotel My wife and I stayed at Wyndham Miami Airport for 1 night. We arrived late at night to the airport and then waited outside for the shuttle. The shuttle was probably our biggest problem because they kept passing us even though we were flagging them down. After 45 minutes , we finally got on one but we noticed that when it took us to the hotel the driver had given a ride to a large number of non-guests which upset us a little because that shuttle is for arriving and departing guests only. When we checked in though , the young Russian guy at the desk upgraded us because they had misplaced our fax that someone sent us. We got a room that faced the golf course and had a machine in the room that for people that had allergies. Neither of us do but it made the rooms air feel very refreshing. We ordered room service and the food arrived and the server handed me the receipt which already had the tip included so be careful about that one because they obviously won't bring it up to you when you sign the bill.  We slept wonderful that night , there was no airplane noise at all even though the planes fly in very close to the hotel. The bed was cozy and pillows were great.  The next morning was a smooth departure , the front desk asked if we made any long distance calls , we said no and handed the room keys off and that was it. We went out to the front where she said the shuttle would be arriving every 20 minutes and got picked up shortly after.  What amazed us was how on one side of the hotel , its ugly with construction and cars , roads chewed up . Yet , on the other side , its peaceful with a golf course , river with exotic birds flying . If you do plan to book at room here , make sure to request a room facing the golf course and not the streets. Its a major difference and you'll be glad to have made that request when you wake in the morning..  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Sunchaser56
<Content>Don't listen to the moaners!! We stayed for just one night prior to joining our cruise and I would struggle to find fault with this hotel. It performs exactly as you would expect and was perfectly adequate with large comfortable and clean rooms with great TV (shame about the content) and good bathrooms. I had the misfortune of being behind an obnoxious, loud complainer at reception and he hadn't even checked in! He is obviously the sort who writes stinking reviews because I think the place is alright. Breakfast was good, service too and the small pool and seating area was fine for a few hours.Get a room overlooking the golf-course though as the other side looks like a bomb-site!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>setcarp
<Content>Horrid Service Checked in with business and would not even recognize me as a Wyndham By Request member or regular guest. There was not even a manager on site to take care of any problems. When asked to call a manager, Gabriel (a supervisor on duty) was unable to even call a manager to settle a problem. Nothing like traveling 49 countries in a year and being treated like crap in your former home town.Room was ok, but corners were cut on things like door knobs. Windows so dirty it was hard to see outside.The LG TV was a nice touch.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>BostonBostonTravel
<Content>Nickle and Dime You for Everything...... and thats not it. The service was also horrible. I stayed at the hotel for a few days for buisness. I got a decent deal off of Hotwire, claiming it was a 4 star hotel. I wish I stayed at a Hampton Inn or Extended Suite like normal. They charge you for everything at this hotel. Parking is 7 dollars a day, and the breakfast is outrageous for a mediocre meal at best, and the internet is 11 dollars a day. The worst part however was the service. Every employee in the hotel had a chip on their shoulder or something. I have never seen anything like it. It was so bad, guests that didnt even know each other were talking about it.If you are in town for buisness, I would not suggest this place.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>piacov
<Content>Nice place to stay Since all rooms were filled, I was upgraded to a corner room with a great view to the golf.The room was perfect, clean, nice, a great LG plasma, two queen beds, a mini fridge.The view was great, with two windows heading the golf course. The cons of this was that the room was too far from the ice machine and the elevator.The Valet Parking was USD11, I highly recommend it since a self parking was USD9 and implied a long walk.Internet access was USD9 per day. The restaurant is quite good although the menu is limited.It is really close to the Airport, and major auto rentals. It is a fine place to stay, for business if you have a car.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>vegaslover73
<Content>Fine stay for one night We stayed here one night prior to our flight out. Rooms are nice - great bedding, flat screen TV (our remote was missing), good shower, etc. Be careful to ask for a room on the GOLF COURSE side of the hotel. The other side has MAJOR construction and is very noisy. Unfortunately, we checked in late at night and, despite my request for a quiet room, we were given a room on the construction side of the hotel... not good. Pool area is very nice with a view of the golf course. Restaurant was ok. I would stay here again if I needed to be close to the airport. Otherwise, I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	2	5	

<Author>garyoke
<Content>Great stay, Great Deal, Good Location Pros: Building very clean; several rooms appear to have been recently remodeled. Staff was very friendly - hotel manager on duty made it a point to put everybody checking in on New Years Eve on the 'Golf Course Side' so they can see fireworks. Other excellent features were a great exercise room, nice pool, and FREE PARKING if you park it yourself (valet parking was only $2 for those too lazy to park a car in the garage, and walk 20 yards on a nice elevated pathway from the garage to hotel)! Surprisingly, from my top floor room, I didn't hear any airplane noise! I could see them fly in/fly out in front. Suggestions: I would suggest asking for a room with a view of the Golf Course. One side of the hotel faces the Golf Course/Downtown; the other faces sort a depressed area of town.The only negative was the road construction outside of the hotel -- which I assume will end sometime in 2008. Most people who stay at this hotel are going to the airport. I, however, made this my base for my Miami vacation. It would have cost me 3x the price if I were to stay out in Miami Beach. The short, four to six mile drive from the hotel to Miami Beach was well worth the awesome price I received for staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesDon44
<Content>鈥淔rustrated by service鈥?#x201d; Recently I booked my stay at this hotel in order to ensure better service. Staying there two w/ends in a row with my family, I was frustrated when they couldn't put us in adjoining rooms. We were hungry having gotten off the plane and after twenty minutes in one of the restaurants the server allowed as how, 'we're slammed. It'll probably be an hour before I get to you. We went up to our room to call room service which answered after twenty minutes. I agree about the breakfast and how expensive everything is, not worth it in my opinion.Next time I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>jssss
<Content>1 night is ok, anything else go elsewhere Stayed one night as I had a 8am flight. This place is nothing special. The room I received was small (on the 10th floor), and the bathroom was disgusting. The lobby was OK and gave a nicer impression than the rest of the property. The room itself was on the small size--as noted in prior reviews the general condition of the room was average at best (on par with a 2 star property at best) . The bathroom was worse. The vanity area looked clean but that was about it. The rest of the bathroom looked liked it needed a overhall. The run down appearance of the shower area gave the whole bathroom a disgusting appearance. I got there at 8pm and left by 6am thus it was at best tolerable--anything longer --stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>duderator
<Content>$3.50 for an apple!! The staff and was very nice. The pool was very nice. BUT.. to pay over $200.00 a night and not include a continental breakfast is bad business. I was under the impression that there was a free continental breakfast, not just free coffee. The price was$16.00, there isn't much to that breakfast. When I asked for just an apple, I was told that an apple was $3.50. GIVE ME A BREAK!Room service was nice and always hot. I ended up taking the free shuttle back to the airport to eat. The first night I ran out of T.P., so I used the tissue box. That ran out and was never replaced. The inside bar was never open. I stayed for 6 days 5 nights. CABS are expensive. To pay for parking is ridiculous. A cab ride to the beach and back was $60.00! A beautiful hotel, but not worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>good airport hotel What I liked:- Very convenient location near car-rental returns- 24-hour free shuttle to the airport- Very friendly check-in service.- Very good on-site restaurant: note that 15% tip is added automatically- Canal behind hotel has lots of wildlife: we saw schools of fish and a territorial battle between two turtles.- Aeron chair in the room!- Good fitness center with several machinesWhat was unsatisfactory:- Poor supplies! No handtowels, bath mat, washcloths, or garbage can except in the bathroom. We requested this to be remedied and quickly got the handtowels and washcloths but not the bath mat or garbage can (we were out when the delivery came so couldn't point this out).- Wide-screen tv can be watched only in wide-screen mode - which for most stations meant blurry, grainy images. (This is a problem at nearly every hotel these days and not unique to this location.)- Can hear noise from other guests - pool noise and kids running down the hall.Overall, though, I'd stay again if I needed to be near the airport.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	5	3	2	

<Author>DaTravelBugster
<Content>El Cheapo Wyndham Hotel - Keep it short and it'll be sweet Don't judge this hotel by their pictures, check Google maps. This hotel is extremely well-positioned to the airport and the rental car agencies so it is perfect for a very short stay before you move on. Anything over 1-2 days and you'll ask yourself why you didn't book elsewhere - there is no where to go without driving your own car - forget grabbing a taxi as the airport has monopoly over them. The lobby and front look nice, the pool is smaller than you'd expect and because you're located under the flight path of the airport you'd only use the pool if you like airplane noise and smelling airplane fuel.The rooms aren't small but once you start looking around you'll notice this hotel is a 2star at best. The toilet paper is thinner than what you'd find in public toilets. The bed sheets have been laundered so many times it feels like sandpaper. I would bring your own cups rather than use yours as you distinctly get the feeling that housekeeping cuts corners - not a clean place if you have children running around. Purell hand sanitizer is your friend!You get 2 bottles of water per stay, not every night. I complained and was told it was a new policy even though I argued I'm paying the same nightly rate, it's not decreasing so shouldn't I expect the same level of amenities. The restaurant is so overpriced for what you get, you're better off going elsewhere to eat even if it's the wee hours - you were warned about the restaurant. After reading the other reviews about how the restaurant screwed over a bunch of travellers who had airport coupons and opened a buffet I can now see that happening.This is a hotel that must be losing money and is run by someone who's trying to stretch a penny into a copper line. The more you look around the more you realize if there's a way to cut corners, they will do so. Too bad, the price isn't commensurate with the level of service and amenities. Paying anything over $80/night means you didn't do your homework or you don't care - just remember when your doctor asks about your rash that you tell him you stayed at the Wyndham.The valet parking is a joke. The $12 isn't too bad, but if you self-park you'd better put on jogging shoes to get to your car. The valet drivers also treat the car and the short curvy road to the garage as a Formula 1 track and you'd better hope you have full insurance on that vehicle.The staff are like trained monkeys, they know only about the hotel and getting you checked in and eating at the restaurant. Don't expect intelligent conversation like answering what's the population of Miami or what's Florida Keys or any other place like. These guys tell me they go to work, then home and that's it - and don't read any travel brochures and don't have training for leisure travellers.Overall, a good stay if only 1 night and in transit and you're a do-it-yourself person who does all your own research. Not recommended if you're going to the Port of Miami on a cruise. The pickup service is a complete mess due to the limited lobby space and the number of cruise travellers who use this hotel. If you have all day to get to the port then it's fine, if you're in a rush, just pay for the flat rate taxi ride to the Port (Miami bylaw posted on each taxi states flat rate zones).  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>LJBUk
<Content>Disgraceful rip-off merchants I had the misfortune of staying in this shoddy establishment in October 2007, when a flight from Miami was canceled and required an overnight stay.Despite the appearence of somewhat upscale decor for its class (the rooms feature comfortable-looking beds, plasma TVs, and average - but modern - bathrooms), the aesthetics cannot mask the disgrace that passes for service in this place.As passengers of a canceled flight, the tab for stay (along with a $60 meal stipend, for breakfast and dinner) was picked up by the airline - and the hotel certainly reinforced the fact that, as non-paying guests, we were entitled to none of the ameneties that would be expected of regular guests.Firstly, upon check-in, I was not asked to provide a credit card for incidentals. Typically this would be seen as a bonus... except, when we got to our room, we discovered that all entertainment, phone and Internet privileges were turned off (they simply cut the dial-tone to both in-room phones, so we couldn't even call to get them switched on).I would have asked front-desk staff except, they were nowhere to be found.Secondly, dinner.We were given a $20 stipend (per head) from the airline, which we were told represented a cash equivalent. Clearly, however, the hotel recognized an opportunity to cut costs and inflate their profits on the 300+ new arrivals at their hotel as a result of the canceled flight, and removed all dinner options from the menu... replacing it with the worst buffet dining experience I've ever encountered (including the $2 buffets in Vegas!)There were FOUR items on the menu - no kidding. Some disgusting, burned pork option, white boiled rice, yuca and watery vegetables. That was it. And according to their hotel staff, this represented a $20 buffet option.What they didn't tell us was that, right next door in the bar, the regular menu was available... of course, all coupon holders were quietly ushered into the cheap buffet option restaurant! No doubt this little stunt proved to be a nice money earner for them... over $6,000 worth of airline coupons for about $100 worth of food.Thirdly, the beds.Comfortable on appearance but the whole night, my travel partner and I spent the majority of the time tossing and turning, trying to relieve the itch from the bedspread. I'm not sure if it was fleas or bed bugs or just the detergent they used, but there was something wrong with those sheets that kept us both up all night.Fourthly (and most shockingly of all), breakfast the next morning...The airline had provided us with a $10 spent for breakfast (which, with over 300 new guests, the hotel was VERY well aware of). We were told the only option for breakfast was (surprise, surprise), a buffet. A little more choice this time, but fairly rubbery and warmed-up, overall.We also made it very clear we were coupon holders.After we'd finished the mediocre breakfast, a waitor came up to us and requested our coupon (it must have been at least the 100th one he'd seen that morning). He then took great delight in informing us that the buffet breakfast is TWENTY dollars per head, and we'd therefore need to contribute an extra $10 each to it!What kind of racket was this?!I politely informed him that we would NOT be paying the extra, that they were very well aware of the coupon offered by the airline and should have disclosed the pricing when we first presented them with the coupon. The guy barely spoke comprehendable English, so he hurried off to grab someone slightly higher up the chain.We explained the situation to the gentlemen he brought to the table (who I believe was the supervisor of the dining area - God help him if he's the general manager), who proceeded to interrupt us at every possible opportunity and squirm out of any position of responsibility on behalf of the hotel.We were told that it's not the hotel's policy to disclose the price of breakfast (!), and that despite the arrival of over 300 new guests (many of whom no doubt took advantage of their coupons), they had no idea people had coupons (we told two separate waitors, including the ma卯tre d', that we had them), and that we'd have to cough up the extra - on the spot - or he would be forced to call security and make us pay).I'm not one to sensationalize a situation, but this was a clear scam.The most annoying thing wasn't the hotel's clear motivation of taking advantage of the airline's cancelation, but the attitude that was employed by the staff. The way we were treated in the restaurant was shocking, and really put a damper on the whole day (which, for a 9am international flight, is already fragile enough!).The supervisor's final words were you made a mistake, and I would encourage you not to attempt it again - I have no idea if that was supposed to be some kind of threat, but it sure sounded like it. In the end, he walked off, and allowed our coupon to remain valid for breakfast.Suffice to say, they annoyed a heck of a lot of people that morning - pretty dumb considering, many of them were briefcase-wielding business travellers like myself who no doubt take many trips back and forth to the US (and Miami in particular), who might otherwise have considered a future stay here.Unless forced under airline cancelation policies, I can safely say this hotel will NOT be on my travel itinerary any time soon!If you like restful sleep and attentive staff, this is NOT the place!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>travtex
<Content>Pampered at the classy, comfortable, convenient Wyndam We wanted a hotel close to the Miami airport because we had a 6:30 am flight leaving South Florida after a 4 day mini-vacation. As is my practice with all hotel groups, I have registered with the Wyndam By Request loyalty program. To me, the Wyndam program is the very best loyalty program. I always get a free bottle of wine and water bottles and a snack of either fruit or cheese and crackers. By request, they supply my room with extra hangers, extra towels, extra blankets, soft pillows, and tea bags. Our room was perfect in every way--spotless, newly updated, large, quiet, and comfortable. My favorite is the thin bed comforter that is sandwiched between two clean sheets. Then there is another spread on top of that. The beds are what my husband calls fluffy beds. Essentially they are luxuriously comfy! Internet was free. A rollaway bed was free. The bathroom was all granite and sparkling chrome and roomy with the curved shower bar that provides extra room in the shower. We had a great view of the golf course next door. Even though the hotel is right by the airport on a busy street we never heard a sound in our room. One hint: we returned our rental car to National the night before our early flight. All of the rental agency courtesy buses pass right in front of the hotel. The National Rental Car bus dropped my husband off at the Wyndam when it passed by. Or if you use Hertz, it is right across the street from the Wyndam. And you can't beat the hotel for convenience. Wyndam has an airport shuttle that leaves every 15 minutes. I highly recommend the WYndam for an end of a cruise or end of a holiday, or for a great business hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dtidesfan
<Content>Great Hotel! When we arrived early, the hotel staff had no problem getting us our room. They brought us a fruit plate and beverages as a welcome gift. We had lunch in the restaurant. A bit pricey but very good and the service was wonderful. The only downfall is if you arrived by courtesy shuttle and have no transportation, you are pretty much stuck eating at the hotel restaurant unless you take a taxi out.The view of the golf course is beautiful and the bed is very cozy. The room was exceptionally clean.All in all, the best hotel we've stayed in.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jaar3
<Content>Excellent and Friendly My family and myself have been at this hotel every time we fly into Miami ( almost twice a year ) since 10 years ago. Staff at front desk very friendly and helpful as well as technicians and room service.Excellent hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pedro
<Content>convenient location Since I was arriving in Miami late in the evening, I decided to stay at the Wyndham airport and get my rental car next morning. Good decision. You do not want to get lost by taking a wrong exit in Miami at night. Check in went smooth, the room was clean and tidy, so was the bathroom. Flat widescreen TV was great. The view over a river and an adjacent golf course was a good morning surprise. Fast checkout, no problems.Airport hotel rooms tend to be a bit run down, but this one was just fine. Two minor concerns: 1) the free shuttle: Upon arrival I had to wait for over 20 minutes, I saw the Marriott, Embassy Suites and other shuttles come by at least twice around before my Wyndham bus arrived. 2) I heard the buzz of a mosquito next to my face before going to sleep, but I was just too tired to bother.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Luv2TravelOH
<Content>Close to airport and highways. Definitely valet park. I booked the Wyndham based on their good reputation, and received some nice perks for being a rewards member (complementary Diet Coke, water and bag of pretzels). I also had an end room with a view of the golf course on one side and the city on the other. I absolutely loved the large flat screen TV, but it would have been even better with a broader selection of movie channels (I only had Showtime). Adding HBO and HGTV would be great additions.Our shower was moldy. Not the best thing to wake up to in the morning (I can get that at home!). Other peeve about the room is the small pillows--they weren't even standard size. I called down to the desk for an extra pillow and was told that didn't have any because the rooms were sold out!?!I would also advise valet parking your car (P.S. there is a charge/day for parking). It costs slightly more, but if not you have to retrieve a pass code to punch in each time you enter and exit the garage that day. Also, there is no elevator to the hotel from the garage so you have to haul your luggage up some steps despite which floor you park on. At night the garage isn't well lit and you have to walk down a long, dimly lit hallway to access the back of the hotel. With only 2 (maybe 3) people on duty at the desk outside, be sure to allow for extra time to retrieve your car before going to the airport. The garage isn't far, but isn't close either especially if it's downpouring (as it was when I left) and/or lots of people are coming in and out. Everyone has to either valet or get a pass code--regardless they have to write up a ticket to charge it back to your room if you're staying more than one night.They surveyed me before checking out and I gave them the suggestion of either locking the back door after a certain hour or installing a card reader for the door. Anyone could access the door and get into the hotel compromising security.By the way, the restaurant is great! Being too tired to go out, I ordered chicken stuffed with ham and it came with mashed potatoes and zucchini and squash (I'm not the biggest fan of these two veggies, but they were excellent). I would reccomend trying at least one entree from the menu.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>LCDQueen
<Content>Great Hotel Near the Airport We stayed here for a night after our cruise in order to be close to the airport the next morning. We requested early check-in and our rooms were available when we arrived at 9:45 AM! The rooms were clean and roomy, nice pool (although only 4 lounge chairs) and good restaurant! We are also by request members and our wine was brought up that evening.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Globo4368
<Content>Great staff and rooms, bad internet connections The best thing about the Wyndham Miami Airport other than its close proximity to the airport is the staff. Everyone went out of their way to please. While looking for a lighter alternative to the full buffet breakfast, I was allowed to take a yogurt from the buffet at no charge. As a member of the chain's Wyndham by Request program, I was treated extra speciallay, from phone calls asking if everything was OK, i.e. did I want a wake up call, to complimentary bottled water and cookies. The room was comfortable, well furnished, and had a coffee maker, good desk, flat screen TV, and a refreshingly simple clock radio that did not require a doctorate to set. Food at the hotel was excellent. The bad part? No matter what we tried, the internet in the room, both wireless and wired, never worked properly. I kept getting error messages like sorry, room not found. A half hour on the phone with tech support produced no solution. Changing cords didn't help. If the hotel were able to fix this problem, it'd be a great place if you need to be near the airport.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>adamshd
<Content>The room couldnt have been more comfortable We stayed here for a quick lay-over before we drove up to Orlando. We thuroughly enjoyed our time at the hotel. While we did not use many of the ammenities (pool, breakfast etc), we were very satisfied with the service we did recieve. The room service staff were excellent...very polite and friendly and prompt. This was the perfect relaxation 3-day getaway we needed...and still relatively close to the Dolphin Mall and South Beach....would definitely reccommend the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>gnoeliana
<Content>nice view of golf course while searching info in trip advisor , I found the wyndham and contacted directly to the hotel desk .the view from my room was nice and the room very comfortable just all for me .the breakfast not the best, and for those who like to go to dolphin mall this is one of the stops that the shuttle takes you there. The gift shop expensive. But location and golf lovers is a good spot. Next will stay longer .  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maruru
<Content>Excellent Service, Excellent Rewards Program       View from our room - lovely!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Isidore
<Content>Very Positive Experience All Round       View from Mexannine Balcony  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kethomas
<Content>Flawless Event We held our Global Sales Meeting last week and words can not express how great my stay was! With the recent renovations and the Hi Tech meeting facilities it was a fresh feel. I wished more hotels offered the CMP packing, what a great concept. If ever in Miami - STAY HERE!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saustin
<Content>Waited an hour and a half for a reserved room My parents, sister and I arrived at the hotel after a flight from Chicago on our way to South America. We arrived at the hotel slightly after 3pm. We were told our room wasn't ready yet and it would only be about 20 minutes. No problem we thought, sometimes that happens. WRONG!! We waited an hour and a half. I repeatedly asked them to assign us a different room and they refused. Other guests checking in after us were assigned rooms and departed for them. I was very polite up until the last request. My father has had several heartattacks and a stroke and was in desperate need of rest. I told the front desk manager this. He kept telling me the rooms would be ready shortly. Finally, after ALMOST two hours, we were assigned room passes. He didn't even apologize to us or offer a free dinner, beverage, etc...The rooms were recently remodeled and the lobby was in the process of being remodeled. Neither of those were issues to us. Somtimes it takes a while to remodel a hotel and sometime customer get caught staying there at the time. We didn't care about the remodeling project going on. We ate at the hotel since my father was so tired after the horrible check-in process. A hamburger was $10. Needless to say, we will not be staying there again while enroute to South America.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Theoutoftowner
<Content>Upgrade So i just stayed there for 2 nights. The hotel has gone through a MAJOR upgrade. New Lobby / some rooms are completed already, and the restuarent is redone. very very nice job. They are still redoing the place, i think its going to be completed year end. The Front desk only had one person and it took a while to check in. (They should have more people at the desk). Everything else seemed okay. I would like to come back in a few months and try it out again, but it looks like they have new management and things are showing great improvment. Overall i was happy with my stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>WhydoIhavetopick
<Content>Disgusting Disgusting carpet, room smelled moldy. I had to take an RX in the morning because of the mold. Skip this hotel until they renovate the rooms.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An appalling hotel. American Airlines sent us to this hotel after a delay made us miss a connecting flight. The hotel lobby looked good, but the rest of the hotel is awful. The room was smelly, dingy and shabby, and felt dirty and rundown. The sticker on the inside of the door saying please lock and bolt your door did not instill confidence. The restaurant and its service was a joke, after waiting well over an hour to get our meals, my steak was burnt and crispy and my wife's lasagne looked like a bowl of sick.We went to sleep in a suspiciously itchy bed and were so keen to leave in the morning, we left without even looking at their breakfast.Never stay in this hotel by choice!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PMTexas
<Content>I Recommended it, but only for my enemies... I was put in this Hotel for the American Ailines just one night, due to flight delay (I missed my connection). The service is really, really bad. I mean a very unpolite guy in the front desk (5/19/06, around 11:30pm). My room smelled smoke real bad. The bathroom was dirty and the ordered food (extremely expensive) from room service was a piece of junk. Keep away from this money-trap!  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>two2travel
<Content>Rooms need major cleaning and renovation! American airlines put us up at this hotel because of a cancelled flight the evening of April 22nd. I was not looking for a four star experience just a good nights rest. The renovations are still ongoing and the lobby and second floor are just about finished and look very nice. The room on the other hand is one of the worst my husband and I have ever stayed in. The carpet was very old and obviously needed vacuumed. The bedspread needed replaced and the bathroom needed to be cleaned much better. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for more than a quick overnight stay.My husband remarked that the best thing that could happen is if a hurricane blew away everything from the second floor and up. I feel bad that American airlines actually puts it's flight crews up overnight here. I would never accept that.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>welshgirl2
<Content>good experience still work going on but had a great room overlooking golf course. food at night good and breakfast very good varied choice staff friendly and helpful service good. not very busy at time admittedly no noise in hotel. would not hesitate to stay if coming or leaving miami with 2 kids  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelgrrlnyc
<Content>Only for travelers with REALLY early morning flights I just stayed there for business and the place is TOTALLY under reconstruction. Dont' get me wrong...it needs it! But wait to stay there until after it is over. The temporary gym is a joke and surrounded by construction equipment. I'm fairly certain I was inhaling something I shouldn't have been. The front desk staff is totally useless. The bar/restaurant is shabby. I am a member of their preferred program and they did leave me the usual treats in my room and I like the free wireless. If you do have an early morning flight it is convenient. If you must stay there...try and get a room on the back of the hotel overlooking the golf course. The front view is sad.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Miami Airport: Not a good experience! My husband  I and another couple stayed at the Wyndham for 1 night prior to our cruise in February/06. I was told this was a very good hotel but was quite disappointed upon arrival to find it was located in the middle of the car rental district and the hotel lobby was under construction. It felt like a war zone. When we walked into the lobby, there were several areas taped off for construction and there was a constant safety recording playing and construction equipment working, so you could hear anything else. We arrived at 1:30 pm and couldn't check in before 3:00 pm. So we went to the dining room to have some lunch, but it was closed until 4:00 pm. A lady in the bar did offer to let us sit at the bar and would get us some food, but it was quite expensive and since it was so noise in the lobby, we opted not to. My husband got directions from the conceige for places to eat. Turns out it's at least 15 to 20 minute drive to a restaurant.Our room was just ok. The carpets were quite worn and the whole room just needed a makeover. Also the corridor leading upto the room had alot of stains etc. and just wasn't very inviting.This is one I would not recommend based on our one-night stay.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service My stay was after Christmas and through New Years. This is a busy season for hotels in Miami and this hotel was not ready for visitors. Our room had encurred window damages from past hurricanes and had wooden blanks covering our view as well as air coming through the sides of the wood. Workers were tapping outside first thing in the morning and the pool was under construction, again damage from hurricane. We stayed through new years and were locked out of hotel on new years eve as reservations did not carry over from one year to the next, we needed to check in again on the 1st. This was easily fixed but very inconvenient.The food was overpriced and appeared that the employees cook and eat under a tent just outside the building where racoons gather at night to clean up the left-overs.An okay hotel if you just need a bed to sleep in.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Run away from this one The staff from hell all works in the restaurant. Let me tell you something, I was never so disappointed, as I was on that ONE night I stayed there on 21st December 2005.I was so tired from my airport drama, I decided I should just eat in. Went downstairs to have a meal and th hostess told me the buffet was $15.99 plus tax. Because otherwise, I was just going to order off the menu. Let me tell you EVERYTHING except the bread and the dessert tasted horrible. I left everything back basically.. I also ordered a cranberry drink. when the bill came, the buffet was either 17.99 or 16.99 then they added tax and grat to that then on the bill was a cost for the juice and tax and grat to the juice and then another amount of grat and tax. yes, I did not make a mistake I saw this tax and grat added 3 times. So I asked the waiter for an explaination. he got upset and with his limited english tried to explain to me the bill. I told him the hostess said the buffet was 15.99 and that is why I decided to have it. he began to argue with me, that it was that price forever. So I asked him to call her. When she was walking towards my table the spoke across the room to her in Spanish and she stood there half-way from the entrance and my table and began to speak to me from there, while other patrons were around. So, I called her to kindly speak to me closer to my table and she came and said she made a mistake. I asked her why were you speaking to me from accross the room and how long have you been working here not to know the cost. She told me hold on and went to the floor manager who was close-by, but never bothered to enquire what my problem was. I thought that was extremely poor. he was too busy speaking spanish to some other people to care about my issue.eventually, the waiter adjusted the bill taking off the mistake extra tax and grat and charged me 15.99 for the buffet. But, the pressure to get the that service was too much to bear.The check-in staff was kind and helpful and the bellhop.I have stayed in several wyndham hotels because of the byrequest program...from Arizona, New Orleans, Florida etc and this one was/is the worse. They will NEVER get my money again. I told myself, its just one night, so I will stay close to the airport. But next time, trusst me spend the extra $20-30 for better service.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Wyndham is great Wow - were we pleasantly surprised during our stay at this hotel. My 15 year old son, husband and myself stayed here on a Saturday night (11/19) before heading to the Keys. Yes there is some construction going on but no big deal. Not enough to wake you or inconvenience you in any way. Check in the evening of 11/19 was a breeze and staff were very friendly and made us feel welcomed. The view of the lagoon and golf course was wonderful. There is a tiki bar near the pool and that area was well lit with twinkling lights and in typical Florida style. The air conditioning in our room did not work so they moved us right next door (immediately) before we had unpacked. Rooms were spacious and clean and modern and smelled nice. Location very near the airport and near eating places. We drove downtown to Bayside Mall and it took maybe 20 minutes. It is also very good on sounds, we didn't hear a thing. I would definitely stay here again and give this hotel very high marks.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sarajl71
<Content>Waiters from Mars! Arrived at the hotel on 5th November 2005 late in the evening to complete chaos in the temporary reception area. A party of 20+ did not have rooms! The booking which was made by Virgin had not been confirmed, therefore people were told rooms were not booked. I believe the hotel sorted the problems out, but can you imagine arriving at a hotel and not having any record of your booking! Our room was on the 7th Floor and facing what can only be described as a building site! The room smelt damp, but it was for one night and clean so wasn't really bothered. The restaurant is temporarily on the Mezzanine Floor. The waiters were scruffy, stank of body odour and was perspiring in a mass flood across his face, he was wiping his brow with his cloth! Not at all hygienic! Our food took forever to come, my burger appeared to do a walk of life backwards and forwards to the kitchen several times and when I did finally get it, it was awful! The fries were cold and soggy too! The dining room was very untidy with plates stacked up on a trolley without being taken out to the kitchen. There appeared to be three waiters, but only one was doing the serving. The other ones were just millandering around and chatting to each other. The one that was doing the work was not english speaking and therefore had problems understanding what the customers wanted. All around the room each party of customers experienced the same problems as us. Its expensive too! The hotel is in the middle of nowhere. Not close to any other restaurants. This hotel is ok if its a one night stay for airport reasons only, would never stay there otherwise. And be warned this hotel is undergoing a refurbishment, so its boarded up everywhere.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible I was here for 2 nights for a business trip. I was put in room 648.Problems: Stains on the carpet in the room. I never took off my sock to walk around in the room!Toilets in room leaked, waste of water until I called the front desk and told the problem. It took 48 min and 2 more calls to the front desk before a maintenance man came down and fixed it. I wonder how many gallons were wasted.Their restaurant was going thru some renovations so they set up a conference room as the dinning room buffet style. It cost $17+tax and then they automatically added the gratuity...for a buffet? The kicker was that there are no other restaurants located near the hotel, so unless you have a rental car you are stuck there. (BTW, you can also call for pizza or Chinese delivery).The front desk staff was not very helpful. The Only one of the 3 elevators was working when I was there. Very long wait time during the morning rush as people were leaving.Nice things: The view over the golf course was nice.The maintenance man was very nice.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>congeo
<Content>Traveler Beware We recently returned from our cruise and needed an extra night's rest - or so we thought- in Miami, so we booked the Wyndham at MiamiAirport. The less than stellar experience began when we arrived andthe lobby was stifling. I asked about the air conditioning, and was told they had a compressor problem, which would be fixed shortly. Our room was at least 85 degrees. We spent most of the day outside, and then I told the concierge I needed to use the computer in their business center which turned out to be a closet- sized room with only one computer and printer- which were broken. The air conditioner made a feeble attempt during the evening, but we spent a very uncomfortable night.The staff tried to help, but it was just a very miserableexperience. The hotel was shabby and run-down, very badly in needof a refurbishment. Please do not stay here....even if you need extra commuting time to the airport!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAlocal
<Content>Doesn't feel like Miami Not an enjoyable stay. We had a conference in February but we thought, at least we're in Miami! We might as well have been in Tulsa. There is nothing nearby/walking distance. There is no sense that you are in a major city without an expensive taxi ride. The elevators are horrible. We were on the 18th floor and sometimes I took the stairs after waiting for 10 minutes and giving up. The rooms were also only so-so. If you're going to Miami, pay a bit more to be near the action!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad airport hotel I stayed at this hotel for three nights in March while participating in a class held at the hotel. From the time I got my luggage at the airport to the time I was in my room, no more than 35 minutes had passed. The shuttle service was very good and runs regularly.The rooms aren't bad, but there is some wear-n-tear. The bar is friendly and the restaurant offered decent food at decent prices. Please note though that the restaurant got packed during lunch and I couldn't get in one day during my class break. This is because there where several other classes and conferences there going on at the same time.I didn't use the fitness room, but I saw others did. Pool is not bad. I did go running all three days, and there is a park not far from the hotel next to a golf course. Other than that, there isn't much around the hotel but car rental companies. So, likely if you are going out to eat, you'll need a taxi.A taxi from the hotel to South Beach cost me $28 plus tip.Some reviews say that this airport is loud due to the airport. I didn't really notice the airplane noise when in my room.I also enjoyed having the candy and soda waiting for me in my room as a member of the hotels customer club.The reviews on this website really didn't help me and I thought I might have made a mistake when booking based upon those reviews. But, I ended up having a pleasant stay. You just have to remember that this is an airport hotel. There are plenty of people coming in and out of the hotel on a daily basis, so there's some wear-n-tear.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than reviews I stayed at this hotel as part of a seminar I was giving at the hotel in January 2005. I had never stayed at a Wyndham before, but nearly everyone took very good care of me, and based on that experience I have selected other Wyndhams for seminars and have not been let down yet.The front desk staff were quite disorganized and not very helpful, but the room was clean, bed was comfortable and food was good. The Catering Director took excellent care of me at the meeting and went out of her way to be helpful. This made up for the lack of response from the front desk, as if left to their mercies I might have been in bad shape.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look elsewhere Dirty carpet, rough sheets, small pool (sometimes with loud, obnoxious music) and some rooms face the airport construction. The Hilton Airport is a MUCH better property.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>txlonghorn95
<Content>Wyndham Mediocre Airport Hotel Hotel can be summarized in one word: mediocre. Not great, but not bad either. Clean rooms, average 3* hotel. Next to airport so there is some airplane noise but it's not terrible and I definitely did not have trouble sleeping. Free high speed internet and phone calls for By Request members (which is free also). All hotel restaurants are a rip-off so you shouldn't have an expectation for it to be good OR cheap. Staff is fairly incompetent but if you come here for a place to sleep or work in your room it works well for that. Free airport shuttle every 15 minutes. Hotel is just outside airport property across the street from Hertz. Pool is small but clean, decent amount of chairs  tables.It's not as nice as most Wyndham's but also not a dirty Ramada either!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save yourself the trouble We specifically chose this Wynham based on it's location to the Hertz rental location across the street. For some reason we couldn't get a one way rental from the aiport location but we could from this one (although the cars for both Hertz offices are located at this one Hertz location...). Check-in was very unpleasant, there is no where nearby to eat off site, although at check-in we were told the onsite restaurant was open for another 2 hours or so, it wasn't. It was impossible to get through to room service, it was the first time we'd been asked to leave a message for room service. No thanks.  The next morning there was no hot water, just what every traveler hopes for. There was no explanation as to why, simply we're looking into it. We then were provided inaccurate information by the conceirge, which fortunatey for us the shuttle driver knew differently and saved us about an hour of would have been wasted time  frustration. Why even have a conceirge, the bus driver was more helpful! Oh, and to add icing to the cake, when we got home we were charged for our one night and an additional charge that more than doubled what our one night was. We'd recommend you do yourself a favor  avoid this Wyndham Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Arielitoll
<Content>Looks like a moderate place I came to the Wyndham for a special retirement party my friend was having. I strolled around the lobby and the rest of the property. It looks well maintained. The food at the lounge was pretty good although my father thought the meatballs weren't cooked well enough. The line just to check in went all the way to the center of the lobby. Alot of people were staying there by the way. There are three very small elevators. The guest would wait for a while just to get on one of them. By the way, only two of the elevators are for guests. You can tell the hotel is pretty old although it is in good shape. The pool is very nice. Although this hotel may seem like a resort.. I would only reccomend it for business travelers or people on a layover. The pool by the way is not very big. My friend told me they rooms are nice, and the virtual tour and pictures on expedia give the rooms a good atmosphere too. The previous reviews on Trip Advisor tell you the rooms are good too. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They treat young adults like crap This place was horrible! Two of my friends and I went to Miami for vacation in July and we stayed here... The rooms were clean but the service was horrible. The restaurant was expensive and the food sucked. There was no tiki bar as advertised and the pool was small... Do not ue the ATM in the lobby or you will lose money. Thats right it stole my money. They said I did not take is fast enough and it got sucked back in. Trust me, it never came out. I did not get the money back till 7 weeks later and the hotel did nothing to try and help me.... They said it wa snot their fault or their problem... they have an ATM in thier lobby and it was not their fault? They looked at me as if I was making it up!!!! They were just very rude and snide to my friends and I and were not helpful at all. I would not recomed staying here unless you have to. Nice htoel, horrible service!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Restaurant! We stayed the Wyndham Miami Airport as a result of flight layovers. The previous reviewers sum it up quite nicely. In our opinion, the accomodations and shuttle service were good, but the restaurant, absolutely disgraceful! Food was overpriced, tasted terrible and the service was just as bad. The waitress was surly and only smiled when it came to presenting the bill, guess she figured she had to smile to get a tip! We would consider staying here again for an overnight stay, but not eat in the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for paying travelers   showReview(2216976, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to the airport, but the restaurant was bad   showReview(2200237, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We liked this Wyndham!   showReview(2148837, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth a penny over $70   showReview(1738794, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Intrepidbirdlady
<Content>Not bad for the money.   showReview(1710847, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Vacation that Turned Into a Headache   showReview(1423756, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller-Bajan
<Content>Location maybe worth your while   showReview(1070986, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to the airport, but that's about it   showReview(917755, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice Hotel if you Walk there!   showReview(643380, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Visitors from the UK   showReview(642366, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un Hotel fuori dal comune   showReview(19644700, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai volontier   showReview(19644699, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel business   showReview(19644697, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ueberrascht   showReview(19644696, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>isigoryo
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝杩戙亸妤姐仐銈併倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;       銉忋兂銉愩兗銈兗  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thesuperpupuce
<Content>via hotwire : aucun reproche   showReview(12645502, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comfortable stay   showReview(11666624, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alebob
<Content>猫 solo comodo per l'aereoporto   showReview(8755210, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Airport Hotel   showReview(11412650, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒扮潃銇椼€併儧銉嗐儷銇繋銇?..   showReview(19919422, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銉嶃儍銉堛仹鐩存帴...   showReview(19918301, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

