<Author>doctorjr
<Content>great hotel for a group I was recently in Dallas for a conference with a group which included several college students on a budget. We booked the Springhill Suites for the amenities it offered, such as the complimentary breakfast and free wireless in the rooms. We were very pleased with our stay and the location of the hotel. Our rooms were large with the extra suite area, so we were able to sleep 3 in a room comfortably. The rooms were clean and the beds quite comfortable (although I can't vouch for the sofa bed, since I didn't sleep on it). The hot breakfast was pretty standard, but a definite plus for the group in trying to save a few pennies. We liked the Texas shaped waffles! The hotel had karaoke the night we arrived, and it seemed like everyone was having fun, but it ended before we could get downstairs to it. The hotel lobby is quite small, but adequate, and the hotel staff were helpful for the most part. I did have problems after I returned home with a hotel clerk in trying to get a copy of my receipt showing my paid bill, but she eventually helped me. We relied upon the conference shuttle and the DART station nearby for transportation, so it was pretty convenient to get wherever we wanted to go. We also liked being able to walk to all the restaurants in the West End at night. There were many to choose from, and the students thought the location of our hotel was great. The Dallas Aquarium is practically at the back door of the hotel, and the JFK sites are close by, as well as restaurants like the House of Blues and Spaghetti Warehouse. Others at the conference who were staying in the hotels by the interstate were jealous of all the restaurants and attractions that were in walking distance of our hotel! Overall, it was a good experience and a great value for a group.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>zehawk
<Content>Excellent stay! First off, the service was impeccable. The people at the front desk were really sweet. I had a wonderful stay here, the suite was large and well appointed. Free internet connection. Small kitchenette. All in all, excellent value for money, and a completely hassle free stay.The only peeve I had was breakfast, which really was not upto the mark. And no restaurant in the hotel, though there are plenty barely 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OLDTHINGS
<Content>First Rate Our stay was excellent! This was our second stay at the hotel. The most efficient hotel, the staff I have encountered go out of their way to help you. Located in the west end, close to Dallas World Aquarium, and restaurants, Dealey Plaza where JFK was shot. Don't hesitate to stay at this hotel if your going to west end historical area!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>theskeemer
<Content>Best Location in Dallas! I am a Hilton Diamond guy who has spent a considerable amount of time staying at Hilton properties in Dallas. Despite my Hilton status, I chose to spend two months at this Marriott property simply because of the location. Most hotels around Dallas are off the freeway someplace. And the hotels Downtown are Downtown, which is very boring, and slightly scary at night. This hotel is perfect, within walking distance of Downtown, but located in the West End which a nice area filled with restaurants, and bars. My family spent about 3 weeks out here with me and they got season passes to the Dallas World Aquarium, which is literally across the street. They went there every day and loved it. The hotel staff is great to, they treated us like part of the family. If I have to come back to Dallas again, this is where I will stay.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mgsooner
<Content>Excellent service despite some hiccups The hotel itself is in fairly good condition but is in need of some updating. There is some paint peeling here and there, and the rooms have a bit of a dated feel to them. Also, the air conditioners in the rooms are quite loud. We're not the type to be bothered easily by that type of thing, but light sleepers would have problems. There was an issue with the valet parking the first evening we were there. We came down to get our car to go to a show, and they had a new employee working the valet who could not get the door open to the parking garage to get our car out. We waited for over 20 minutes, and had finally told the front desk attendant to just call us a cab because we had somewhere that we needed to be. As we were walking outside, finally here came our car. To their credit, they were very apologetic, and they even refunded me the cost of the valet parking fee, which was superb.The best thing about this hotel is the service. Everyone I encountered was extremely, go out of their way nice. I called the front desk fairly late one night to inquire about any restaurants that delivered food at that hour, and not only did the woman give me the name of a place, she had a menu sent up to our room. Just excellent service.I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>carryonOmaha
<Content>Great Service 10th floor suite was great view for us. The hotel staff were excellent. The valet were friendly and efficient. Perfect hotel to spend the weekend to see Radiohead and tour Dallas.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Susan098
<Content>Great Hotel!!! This was the best hotel experience that I have had in a long time. I was very pleased with the cozy feel of the hotel. As a woman traveling alone I felt safe and this is one of the reasons I prefer valet parking. The hotel and room were clean and comfortable. I used the community work area to check emails and to print out an article that had to do with my business in town. I used the pool and I appreciated the feeling of privacy the pool area offers. The breakfast was wonderful and someone would be hard pressed to say they don't offer something for everyone. Every member of the staff (housekeeping, valets, front desk, breakfast staff) that I encountered were friendly and seemed to genuinely care that my experience at this hotel was a positive one. I definitely plan on staying here again if I need a room in downtown Dallas.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TiaOf3
<Content>Great Location!! I've stayed @ several Sprinhill Suites but none like this one! It is conveniently located to everything! No matter for what reason you are traveling! I have 3 girls and were going to Dallas for a trip to the zoo. Just 2 blocks from the hotel is the D.A.R.T. and that took us straight to the zoo! With gas prices so high, that was a big help. We also did the Dallas Aquarium and to my surprise, this hotel was just a very short block from that as well. Since it is on West End, it is very close to many restaurants. We had dinner @ the Spaghetti Warehouse, which was behind the hotel! Again, just a short walk. The beds were wonderful, the room was very spacious, breakfast was good. it was a very safe location, and above all the staff was awesome! Only downfall would have to be the pool. That was just a little too small. Other than that, I would recommend this location to every one coming down for a family vacation!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>cew1137
<Content>Clean hotel, good location, excellent people I stayed here after leaving another hotel in Dallas. I stayed at this hotel for 19 nights total, and I don't regret a moment of it! The staff was amazing, especially Miss Gilda. She was so accomodating, and the nicest lady ever. They have free wireless internet in the rooms, free breakfast, and they had free happy hour with snacks on Monday-Wednesday. On Wednesday, they had karaoke. The room was so clean, as was the rest of the hotel. The location was good, near restaurants and bars. If I ever go back to Dallas, I will definitely stay here. I am quite picky when it comes to hotels, but this one was great!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pfatalbert
<Content>Springhill Suites Downtown I stayed here for business for one night. The hotel is very nice, very clean, very modern. Friendly staff. They had karaoke and free beer on Wednesday nights! A very good time! Rooms were clean, fairly upscale. Bed was comfortable. Walls were a little thin though is my only complaint. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Often_on_road
<Content>Pluses and minuses This hotel can best be summed up as a series of pluses and minuses.This hotel was in an excellent location in terms of local restaurants - a plus. In terms of proximity to the Convention Center, it was a good 15 minute walk and a $7.50 taxi ride back - a negative. The hotel had indicated on the phone that they had a free shuttle but it did not operate on the weekend.The room was large, well maintained, included a kitchen area/table and the wireless free -- big pluses. But, the room had a strange layout that included having the sink in the same area as the beds, meaning that turning on the light to use the sink disturbs any still sleeping. Further, the air conditioning was good but incredibly loud. The TV was relatively small and hard to see from one of the beds.The included breakfast buffet is very nice -- a plus and an excellent value, particularly for families. Except when the worker responsible does not show -- a negative. On the Saturday when the worker did not show, a staff member went out and bought about 200 take out egg sandwiches from McDonalds to put out -- OK but not a breakfast buffet. There is no manager's reception on the weekends.Staff ranged from very helpful and friendly -- a plus -- to rude and indifferent -- a negative. Sometimes, cheerful greeting. Sometimes, the front desk did not answer the phone and staff monitoring to ensure food did not run out at the buffet was missing.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>Austin_TexasMary
<Content>Nice hotel, ok staff. The actual hotel is very nice. The rooms were large and clean. The ac was fast and cool and the beds were very comfortable. If your wanting to hang in the West End area this hotel is the perfect location. The West End bars  restaurants are literally right behind this hotel. You can bar hop and walk home to the hotel. very easy.However, the afternoon/evening staff when we check in Sat. about 4:30pm was very rude. The valet staff was lazy and rude. I walked in to give him my keys and he couldn't even bother to stand up. He stayed sitting in his computer chair and just held his hand out for the keys. No hi, no thank you, nothin. I'm not expecting him to kiss my butt, but I should expect a little more than that since I am paying an extra 20 a day for this valet service. The front desk chick was also pretty helpless. I was told that they would be charging an authorization fee of $180 and it would be pending on my card for at least 4 days maybe a week. I was very upset as I had not been told anything about an auth fee. Then she swiped my card for the auth fee before I told her ok.When we checked out the next morning it was like a 180. The front desk gentleman was VERY nice and helpful. He also informed me that the Authorization fee would only be held on my card until the end of the day at the latest?! I don't know why there was a difference in info but, the evening staff should know what they are talkin about. To some people (meaning me) $180 is not exactly chump change and I need to know for sure how long I will be without my money.AND the older valet gentleman that morning was sooo nice. He was friendly and quick with our car, so unlike the young guy who was working the night before.Overall, based on the hotel rooms we would stay again as they really were very nice rooms for the price. I just wish they would educate and hire better staff for the evening shifts.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>modcon
<Content>Loved this place! What can I say? This was a great experience. The rooms were clean, large and comfortable. I can honestly say I haven't stayed in a nicer budget style suite hotel. Plenty of towels and quick response to requests.The staff was efficient and VERY friendly. They had a free wine/beer hour every night, as well as a karaoke night while we were there (which turned out to be a lot of fun!)The included buffet breakfast was fresh, hot and well tended in a clean, area with pleanty of tables (an unusual situation with this type of breakfast.) And the selection had something for every taste.Parking is an issue - as it is in any downtown area. You can pay $20/day for valet parking with unlimited in and out service (and they are very quick with the cars - and careful about parking them - no door dings!). Or you can park it yourself in the garage or lot across the street and pay each time you pull into the lot. Which you choose will depend on how long your stay will be and how often you plan on moving your car.We stayed for two nights to attend a concert at the American Airlines Center. This hotel was within walking distance. The West End has not fared very well the last few years, but it still has some decent restaurants and there is a whole group of new places opening around the West End proper.Highly recommended if you are attending any events near the West End.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CJKatl
<Content>This Hotel is Exactly What Was Expected This hotel delivered pretty much everything one should expect in a Springhill Suites. The furniture in the room is not the current, modern furniture, but it was clean, comfortable, and adequate. The bedding is the upgraded Springhill Suites sheets and mattress, which is good. The breakfast was actually a tad better than most, and the hotel was quiet. The valet parking was pricey, but the attendants were helpful. Same for the desk clerks, who allowed me a very late check-out. Cheerfully.The location was great. I woke up early and took a walk through downtown Dallas and the West End. Later, I walked to my meeting at the Adam's Mark. I also needed to buy a new razor, so the drug stor across the street was a big plus. And there were several restaurants within short walking distance.If business takes me back to downtown Dallas, I'll stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>Area is going downhill, but hotel is fine. The staff were really nice and let me check-in very early.The WestEnd Marketplace has closed so it feels like the area is dying. Although, the Aquarium is extremely close by. During lunch the area felt safe and hopping, but at night (mid-week) it was not too fun.My room was pretty nice, but not outstanding. I liked the mini-fridge and the white duvet cover. The shower was dark and the towels were thin.My room was not very quiet, but it was right by the elevator (which I had requested to be away from).Overall the stay was fine, but not great.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>poodleone
<Content>Gotta love the West End We hadn't stayed since it changed over from Amerisuites to Mariott. Can't see much difference- beds are great, rooms are standard, location is spot on. The desk staff let us check in at 1030! We were meeting folks from out of town and we all agreed that the desk staff and valet were very accomodating. Funny thing- there were actually people in the outdoor pool on a night when it was 30 degrees and below- BRRRRRR! Our friends said the breakfast was fine- especially after coming in on the red eye from Seattle. We like it there- will be back.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kalistrat
<Content>Good spot in Downtown The hotel is in a great location of Dallas Downtown. Whether you are on business or a leisure trip the location seems to be very good. The rooms are large and they have everything in them, so you can live there comfortably for a few days. The only things we didn't like were a garbage truck that woke us up at 6 in the morning while unloading some endless dumpsters and the valley parking, which costs $18 per night.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>lostboydp
<Content>Nice hotel, great location The main reason I chose this hotel is the location in the West End area. It was central to all the places I wanted to go that weekend. The room was very nice....kitchenette area with microwave and mini-fridge, living room area (coach, chair and coffee table), bedroom and bath. They have a great complimentary breakfast....scrambled eggs, sausage, make your own waffles, cereal, fruit and more. There's even a computer for use in the lounge area by the breakfast tables. The staff was friendly and helpful with directions.My only complaint is the loud air conditioner. It's the same as I had in a Springhill Suites in Rockville, MD last summer. It's so loud I had trouble sleeping. So, the second day I turned it all the way up during the day, and shut it off at night.But, for the convenient location and breakfast, it's pretty good. I'm going back this weekend.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top of the line I am here right now and the room is very large, like a small apartment, and the decor is very nice. It is one of the cleaner places I have stayed in a long while.It is worth the stay. Yeah, the parking is across the street if you choose self parking, but the valet parking is a lot more accessible. Besides, if you come and go a lot during the day, the cost is pretty much the same.As for the amenities - the bed is large and has a very comfortable duvet. The kitchenette has a microwave and refrigerator. The coffee machine comes with Maxell House coffee and Lipton Tea. The living space has a full sized sofa, coffee table, lamp and desk with FREE high-speed internet service. The bathroom is clean and modern.As for the staff, they have been great. Very nice and helpful.The location is within walking distance of many brand name restaurants and easy access to the highway.I would surely recommend this hotel. The only issue I would have is the drive through to the registration area. It is not well marked and hard to find. Bascally, it is right across the street from the Star Parking lot. I would suggest that you park there if you plan on doing self parking and simply walk acroos to the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ginger2007
<Content>Loved it!! We stayed here in April 2005 with our 200 plus group of band students. Considering we had 200 plus, the hotel staff was very gracious to us. The breakfast buffet was nice, the rooms were clean - no mold in the bathroom - and the location is awesome. We got to Six Flags in 20 minutes and Medieval Times in 5. Dealy Plaza is about 4 blocks and easily within walking distance. There are so many restaurants within one block that it's hard to choose. The hotel will give you coupons to the restaurants as well. The only downside was that there were only two working elevators and the stairs could only be used for emergencies. They were not in the lobby either. All in all though, we had a very nice experience here. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Welshboy
<Content>Excellent!! Stayed in the Amerisuites in September 2004 for a few nights. Great West-end location, it's like a village atmosphere in the area with plenty of restaurants and some bars.Found the hotel to be clean. The room was large (being a suite of sorts) with a kitchenette that had a microwave and coffee maker, decent bathroom and good sized comfortable bed.Only down side - unfortunately, there was no kettle in the kitchenette so boiling water had to be done in the cup in the microwave.Breakfast was very good with a selection of cereals, bagels, pastries, fruit, french toast, (American style) sausage and eggs from a buffet.Found the staff to be helpful  polite.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, checked out after 1 night! Don't waste your money! The staff is rude, the rooms are awful. The valet left at 11pm therefore we had to get our own vehicle. We were scheduled to stay 4 days but checked out and got a refund after one miserable, sleepless night! Spend a little more to get something better!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad but probably will not stay here again. The room was nice and so was the hotel staff. The location was good for west end activities. Slept very well, good matress. I could have done without the hassel of parking though. I arrived back at the hotel after a concert late (around 1:30am, paid $5.00 to park across the street and then left at eleven the next morning to find out that the $5.00 I paid the night before was only good until 6am so I had to pay another $5.00. I should have stayed at the Bradford Homesuites where I had origionally planned. Cheaper and has their own parking and not too far away.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

