<Author>Akgambler
<Content>I'm sorry to say I wouldn't stay here again! I have stayed here many times over the years so when I read all the reviews I thought it can't have gotten that bad. In the end, I decided to Priceline because I was going on a short shopping trip, needed to stay out by the airport and I thought I'd go less expensive. I got the Doubletree. I would not purposely stay here again at this point. I was so negatively motivated by my experience I even filled out a comment card at the front desk which is unusual for me.First of all what cookies? Once you are a priceline check in, you are dirt. No cookies. No room in the tower. Valet parking was ridiculous it took so long. Sometimes there was nobody there. Checking in I needed bellman assistance. I waited FOREVER and I do not exxagerate. They explained there is only 1 on duty and they get really busy so they would try to get one for me. The front desk service was inadequate, and several staff members were hard to understand. In the bar (which is being remodeled) the waitress was far less than courteous. They have 3 computers available for internet access. One was broken the whole time, another was broken most of the time, and they were VERY SLOW. And people sat on them all evening instead of minding the time limit. Nobody on staff noticed. I paid for an extra 1/2 day in order to check out at 6pm. But they didn't tell me I'd need to get my key reactivated so with my arms completely full and in a hurry to catch my flight, I go to access my room from the wing I was in (far far away from the front desk) only to be locked out requiring me to put everything back in the car, drive all the way to the front desk, stand in line while TWO people waited on one guy who wanted quarters, and then have to drive back to my wing. The rooms are marginally clean and there is an old hotel smell in the hallways. I left one day at about 8am and there was a room service tray outside the room next to me. It was still there at 9pm that night when I came back.The beds are comfortable. The bathrooms are nice only in that they have a seperate vanity outside the actual bathroom. The nicest thing I can say right now is that this hotel USED to be nice.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>moondriver
<Content>But be sure to make your reservation for the TOWER, or you'll regret it. Above average, but listen carefully or you could wind up rating it a terrible experience.The Doubletree is right across from the airport and Doubletree is a superb name in hotels. But at this particular property you MUST ask for the TOWER rooms, and specify the EAST side of the tower. If not you'll be on the International Highway and SeaTac Airport side. And at all cost, DO NOT STAY IN THE WINGS. I repeat, stay in the TOWER, do not accept the wings! There, you've been forewarned! ! (For those of you who know Seatac hotels, this is the old Red Lion. Need I say more?)Priceline gave me an excellent rate of $52, but true to the adage of 'getting what you pay for' a lower-paying guest gets the leavings, and the front desk immediately placed me in a distant lower wing. As I walked the quarter mile through glass skybridges, up elevators, down elevators, through the convoluted maze, I had a strong sense of d茅j脿 vu... and it was true, I HAD stayed there before. The wings of this hotel were an afterthought; the 14-story tower building was a huge success, and of course greed made the owners try to expand on something good and ruined a wonderful hotel by adding the wings. To get to them is an alpine trek, dragging luggage down a hall, up an elevator, through the skybridge, down an elevator, up an elevator to the next, etc. on and on. You can drive to them and park outside, so for a family I suppose you could build a case for them. However the BIG problem is that the rooms in the wings are universally equipped with air conditioning and heating units apparently once the prototype of a JT8D Pratt and Whitney turbojet engine. Low, medium and high fan speeds are exactly the same, a roar that earplugs can't begin to silence. After two rooms I complained so loudly at the desk that the woman staffer upgraded me to the tower, and gave me a $15 discount voucher which I used quite happily on room service. Ironically the tower is older but much nicer than the wings.The rooms have been extensively refurbished and have silent air conditioning and comfortable beds. When I went to the ice machine and filled my bucket there was a black spot in the ice, and when I dug through it I found a swollen and frozen dead housefly. I'm glad I didn't fill my glass to make a cold drink, but that has to be a rare thing and I'm not holding it against the Doubletree... a fly in the middle of winter in Seattle? Hmm, maybe it was there since last summer and finally worked it's way to the... oh let's just drop it!About the d茅j脿 vu, and to risk beating a dead horse, I had stayed there years ago when it was the Red Lion, had the exact same experience, and vowed never to stay there again. Little did I know that Doubletree had taken it over, and was not the old Doubletree. (You can't win!) They have SUCH a good reputation but to take on properties like this erodes my faith in their name... That time I was there for two weeks and I was stupid enough to put up with the turbine pit for several sleep-deprived days before complaining my way into the tower! LOL!It's a huge hotel, reminiscent of a Las Vegas resort. Nice pool, steamy-hot outdoor spa, though the guests coming in through the extensive and far reaching skyway were all shivering and teeth chattering in the near-freezing air. Probably a better amenity in the warmer months. They have an outstanding exercise facility, and as far as food the pan-fried hazelnut crusted halibut on fettuccine made it all the way to my room in great condition for a dine-in meal that was excellent. All in all, Doubletree has done its best to run this pathetic property, but you you can't teach a pig to sing and you can't make a poorly thought out property work to their standards without major structutural changes by the owners. Dollar for dollar it pales in comparison to the nearby Hilton, which I had just stayed at for $50 Priceline dollars and loved it.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>gunner772
<Content>Warning: Do Not Stay Here ok let me tell you about my experiance at the Doubletree Hotel. I stayed there for two nights in mid November and I will never go back. When I first arrived it was virtually a ghost town in the lobby. I had to wait close to 15 min. to be checked in. There was only one young lady helping a line of about 10 people. There was a bell desk and concierge desk, but nobody to be seen for the entire check in process, not to mention my entire stay. Now this is supposed to be a full service hotel? . I wanted to make dinner resv. somewhere nice but nobody was there to help. For how much I paid, 179 plus tax, plus parking, 20 for valet, I expect at least someone to recommend a nice rest. in the area. If you want a hotel that is very understaffed and expensive, 14 dollars for a couple of eggs, then this is your place. There are alot of hotels in the area and I would highly recommend not staying here.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	2	4	

<Author>CAtortoise
<Content>Would not stay here again We stayed here for 1 night in August since we had an early flight the next morning. Check in was easy and the cookies were nice. Having the printer in the lobby to print your boarding pass was really convenient.The elevators for the tower are not close. We wanted to carry our own luggage and got tired of the bell hops asking if they could take it for us. They were not too thrilled when we wanted to borrow their cart.t was a very long walk to get to the room. The room itself was nice but not for $200.00 per night. The inner hall was quiet but there was a lot of traffic noise from the outside. The bed was comfortable but between the noise of the traffic ( not the jets) and the room fan, we did not sleep well.There was mildew in the bathroom-cleanliness was fair.The shuttle to the airport was very nice and had bottled water.We would not stay here again because of the noise and mildew.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	5	2	2	

<Author>BuddyBird99
<Content>I would not stay there again. The room did not have a microwave or a refridgerator and for the price we paid, it should have had both. The balconies are shared, separated by a metal gate. Furniture in room was damaged and should have been replaced. There is no wireless internet in the rooms, you have to go to the lobby or the lounge. There is high speed internet in the rooms that you can plug into, but you have to pay by the hour to use it. I would certainly not stay at this hotel again. The only thing they really had to offer was a single chocolate chip cookie at check-in. I'll be spending my money more wisely elsewhere and buying my own cookies.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>ivee311
<Content>Bad service, great room.       The beds  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>jmee
<Content>Great stay I stayed here for a week in June, and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. For an airport hotel, it was surprisingly quiet, rooms were extremely comfortable and well prepared, and the staff were all extremely helpful and courteous. The only drawback was that the restaurant was a little on the pricey side for breakfast, but there are many places nearby to eat. A great hotel that I would happily stay again in.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GoodTimes30
<Content>Would stay there again We stayed for 3 nights. Loved the warm cookies that they gave us upon check-in, but my hands were full of paperwork, luggage, jackets, etc. The bank of computers available were great! You can't print from any of those, but you can ask the Front Desk to get a key to the Business Center where you can print from. The spa was great as well as the bar. There was a jazz band (3 members) playing one night we stayed and they were pretty good. The concierge was fabulous! John was extremely helpful and gave us great recommendations! We would have stayed there after our cruise, but the hotel would not give us the same rate as what I had booked beforehand. We got the room for $125/night and they were quoting us $199 to add the additional night. No thanks!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>ejpiii
<Content>Far better than average Airport Hotel. Good to great hotel, with a few problems. For its main market though-traveling to and from the airport-its a great option. If you have to park there it costs $18 a night and is somewhat cumbersome. It seemed silly to have a rental car there, so I turned it in at Advantage and walked the mile or so back. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel, I used the 194 to get to SAFECO stadium for a meeting. It cost less than the car by far, was probably faster, and I didn't have to deal with parking downtown. The daily fee for net access is high, and WiFi is only available in the public areas of the main hotel. The hotel can get really busy, and at times the wait to talk to someone on the phone or at the front desk can take a longish time. The gym and pool are really good,for relaxing long haul flights out of your system, and the hot tub is excellent. The rooms are more than adequate, the staff attentive and the 2 concierges especially are really wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>rcarp626
<Content>Comfy bed, bad food, stayed 3 nights If I'd paid full price for the room I would complain. Fortunately, I got the room for $60/night through Priceline. The bed was clean and comfortable. The chocolate chip cookies on check-in is a nice idea but would rather they spend more time/effort on developing a menu for room service that works. I ordered the crab cakes and a cup of the clam chowder. Campbells does a better job on the chowder and I couldn't choke down a second bite of the crab cakes. Bathroom was very clean as were the linens. Staff was friendly. We stayed in the old part of the hotel, not the newer tower, but the rooms were fine. We overlooked the lake or retention pond, whatever it is. It would have been nice if there were chairs on the balconies. Free wi-fi in the public areas was nice. I would stay there again, but not at the full rack-rate. The only real complaint is the balcony areas (stayed in 2 different rooms) - they are chock full of spider webs and the entire outside needs a good scrub. Same goes for the tired carpeting in the halls and rooms. But the for price we paid, it is a good value.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Migizi
<Content>OK for a short stay, not great, CHARGES FOR PARKING Stayed one night here after coming in late, before leaving the next morning. Used points, so I don't know the regular room rate. Overall, it was OK - decent room, nice staff, convenient to airport. but had some issues too. Details...GOOD:--Rooms, in the tower where we stayed, are pretty decent. Plenty big, nicely kept bathrooms, bed was fairly comfy.--Rooms have a small deck, but the view is of the airport - nothing spectacular.--Staff was friendly, both at the desk and in the restaurant.--Location is very convenient to the airport, and pretty quick access to I-5.--Cookies at check in were good. ;)BAD:--YOU HAVE TO PAY TO PARK HERE. This is a pet peave of mine - if you aren't in the middle of Manhattan or the Loop or somewhere that its ultra-crowded, there is NO good reason to have to pay for parking. This place had a gigantic parking lot. I think parking cost $12 or so. Ripoff.--Restaurant staff seemed to be overwhelmed during breakfast, so they fell behind a bit. Food was good, but a bit overpriced.--The doubletree is not just a hotel, its like a little village of condo buildings too, which makes it very crowded and hard to get around the property.--Common areas could be kept up better and cleaner.--The doors to the rooms have a huge gap at the bottom - allows a lot of light and sound in from the hallway.If you are coming late and/or leaving early at Sea-Tac, this is not a bad choice. But you may want to consider other places as well, shop around a bit.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>D-Phud
<Content>Fine for a quick stay We found the Doubletree to be good for what we needed- a place to stay when our plane arrived late and we didn't want to start driving anywhere until the next day.The airport shuttle was very good- better than other hotels I have stayed in. It seemed to ALWAYS be running, and was very convenient. We took the shuttle from the airport, and then back again to pick up our rental car (save the parking fee).The hotel was fine- a big hotel by the airport. I didn't expect much, but some things were better than average. The view we had was of some large trees and some people's backyards- better than the parking lot for us (but I wouldn't want to live there!). The cookies are, of course, one of our favorite things about the Doubletree chain.If I had been wanting to stay for more than one night, be close to anything interesting (other than the artificially created world of SEATAC), or wanted to get some business done, this would not have been the best hotel. But it is fine for what it is- a quick, convenient, comfortable stay by the airport.One thing to think about- this hotel is used by a lot of conventions. When we were there, there were a bunch of real estate agents who were getting a bit rowdy. We couldn't hear them in our room (thankfully), but they were pretty loud throughout the hotel. The hotel is big and busy, so it always feels like there is some commotion going on in the common areas.We did book directly on the Hilton chain website and got a rate of about $89. It looks from other reviews here like you may be able to do better on Priceline if you don't want your Hilton points.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>greeneee
<Content>Good stay, especially for the price Upgraded from Priceline rate at front desk for $10/nite to king bed. I was in the wing far from the lobby like everyone describes but it wasn't that bad of a walk, this is a BIG hotel, what do you expect? Would at least make the request next time to be lakeside, it looked nice with a balcony on a lake. We were on the parking lot side, don't think it was an extra charge. Nice beds, room was quiet, a little dated in some features, e.g. popcorn ceilings, but excellent considering a priceline rate of $65. Bus stop to get to downtown RIGHT outside the hotel, takes about 25 minutes via bus for $1.50.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>uvaleg
<Content>Nice conference hotel, more convenient than you'd think! I stayed here for a conference at the end of July, and was pleasantly surprised. This is a typical Doubletree Hotel--great cookies, comfy beds, nice business hotel but not especially luxurious. It lived up to my expectations, but also exceeded them in some ways, such as...-I came to Seattle a few days before my conference and stayed at a hotel downtown because I thought it would be virtually impossible to stay at this hotel and see the sights of Seattle. I was wrong. The city bus stops right in front of the hotel, and for less than $2 (unless it's rush hour), you're downtown in about 25 minutes. I did appreciate the convenience of my downtown hotel after long days of being a tourist, but had I known how easy transportation would be, I may have stayed here the whole time.-They make getting to and from the airport super easy and super speedy. The free shuttle runs every 15 minutes--a much better option than the $40 cab ride to my downtown hotel from the airport! -The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. They even have a shuttle that takes you to a nearby shopping mall for when you're too tired to hike into the city. :) (Although I do not recommend eating at the Rainforest Cafe at this mall... yuck. The Nordstrom, however, had great selection. :) )-The pool is heated! I didn't bring a swimsuit, because I didn't expect the weather to be conducive to swimming, but why not, if the water's warm? So bring your suit!Others are correct that you may get a room that's a bit of a hike from the front desk, but hopefully you only have to make the trip with luggage twice (upon check in and check out), and it's tolerable. Also, several people have complained about the parking fee. Just keep in mind, this is Seattle--it's expensive no matter where you go.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>waxthenip
<Content>Pleasant Stay in SeaTac I recently had a pleasant stay at the Doubletree Hotel in SeaTac, WA while visiting the Seattle area for the weekend. This was my first time in a Doubletree hotel and I was shocked when I was given 2 hot chocolate chip cookies upon check-in. The cookies were soft, warm and a nice touch after a long morning of traveling across the country. However, finding our room was a bit difficult. The hotel has two parts, a tower and a motel section that branches off. We were in the motel section and it was a bit confusing finding our room at first but I got the hang of things after a while. For those of you who don't like to walk long distances, you will be annoyed by the large size of this hotel. The hotel has plenty of ammenities but has a lack of an available business center with free internet. All WI-FI access is around the pool area and not available in the rooms - there isn't even a LAN line available for use in the rooms. I found this to be a bit of a setback. There are computers available for use near the coffee shop and the lobby, however those are almost always taken during peak hours. I had the breakfast buffet in the restaurant next to the lobby however I found it the food to be overall bland and boring. Typical hotel food - you'd be better off at the Jack in the Box across the street. However, do walk up international blvd to Sharp's Roasters - you wont regret it. The hotel is not too far from downtown Seattle, walking distance from SEA and not too far from the Tacoma area. Because of the proximity to SEA, various flight crews of various airlines bunk up here quite often between flights. Shuttle to the airport runs every 15 minutes or so and if you've rented a car, get a pass and be prepared to shell out $14-16/day for parking. However, if you have a car and are staying in the motel section, you will be able to park near your section and will be able to cut walking times drastically. Overall, I reccomend this hotel, specifically for a short stay. Gets the job done nicely. Have a nice stay.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>amityeric
<Content>Nice Property but some Major Issues After I booked this hotel through Hotwire, I called them up  asked about parking, etc. They told me parking was $16 / day (are you kidding me?) and I told them that I was a teacher and attending a conference in the area. I was told that I would get a state employee discount for parking OR that I would get a discount because I was attending a conference.When I arrived, I found the place to be nice and clean and impressively big. I told the lady (who was quite abrupt) at the front desk about what I had been told about parking. She ignored me and said, It's $16 per day. No exceptions. I asked to speak with a manager and she said, He'll just say the same thing, and she did not get him. I again asked to see a manager and again she said, He'll just say the same thing, and she reluctantly went back and got him. It took a few minutes so obviously she was telling him about me . . . and when he came out, he (in the typical managerial type manner) apologized but refused to discount my parking, regardless of what I had been told. Even though he had the capability of discounting my parking, he wouldn't budge - regardless of the fact that I had been told that parking was discounted for state government employees and also discounted for people attending conferences. For that and that alone, I give this place a 2 out of 5 stars. Parking prices are ridiculous, and they don't keep their word. I should have gotten the name of the person who gave me the initial information. Additionally, as with other Hilton properties, there is no free wi-fi in the rooms. Not only are the rooms very expensive, but you have to pay for the convenience of having internet access in your room. I can stay in much cheaper locations (the Marriot, La Quinta, even roadside inns on the coast) and they always provide free wi-fi in the rooms. What a rip-off! They do have free wi-fi if you make the long trek to the lobby, but this is a large hotel so it's extremely inconvenient.The TV was old and small. Much cheaper hotels are offering flat-screen TV's with HD channels . . . so an old dumpy TV seems a bit out of place.So, lousy service, expensive parking, old TVs, dishonest employees . . . I give this hotel a big thumbs-down. I will say that the room was nice, the pillows were big and fluffy, the property was clean and very well secured.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	4	1	

<Author>TeachinNV
<Content>Great Stopover My husband and I stayed here for one night prior to our Alaskan cruise. Although we arrived after midnight, the free shuttle was there to pick us up within a few minutes. Check in was smooth, and the warm cookies were a very nice touch.The room was clean, spacious, and very comfortable. We had booked a package that included the room + shuttle to the pier. I was contacted by the hotel a couple of weeks before our trip to reconfirm our reservation, and to find out what ship we were sailing on so they could schedule the shuttle to fit our needs.The shuttle got us to the ship in plenty of time, and with no hassles at all.Overall, I would highly recommend the Seattle Airport Doubletree if you are arriving before a cruise. Very friendly staff, and lovely rooms.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seethesightsUSA
<Content>far from everything I stayed at this hotel with my husband who had a conference here. We stayed in the main building/tower which I strongly recommend. The room was clean and comfortable with a balcony which faced the rear, with a view of trees and a small house with many cats! It was quiet, no doors slamming or sounds from adjacent rooms. There is a restaurant, coffee stand and bar downstairs. I did not use the outdoor pool, but did use the small exercise room which was nice and busy. I did not find the concierge staff to be very helpful and had to figure out many things on my own. You can catch a bus to Seattle in front of the hotel and 20 minutes later you are in downtown. This bus will drop you in Pioneer Square, near the Pike Place Market, and at Westlake Center. If you want to go to Fremont or Ballard, go online to the tripplanner for the bus system and it will give you specific instructions for bus transfers. The bus will drop you right in front of the ballard locks, just tell the driver. The bus is 1.50, ask for a transfer.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	4	2	4	

<Author>PalmBeachFloridaGirl
<Content>Nice experience We stayed at this lovely hotel for a convention. Service was amazing. The housekeeping staff got the rooms down reasonably early. The Concierge was more than helpful. She headed us in the correct direction for a wonderful dinner at Salty's in Redondo Beach. Even gave us free dessert coupons!The restaurant in the hotel was reasonably priced and the food was very good. Our view from our balcony was Mt. Rainier. The halls got a little noisy with people visiting but we understand that. The only glitch was a missed wake up call the first morning, but we were still on East coast time so we were up.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>rosesteve
<Content>Good start to our holiday       Pool area  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>STLtravelSTL
<Content>Decent Airport Hotel; Below-Average for Business Travelers If you are looking for a hotel that is close to the airport with above-average shuttle service and great customer service- this is an excellent choice. The rooms are a bit worn at the edges- bathrooms and furniture need updating (bit of a 70's feel), beds are not the best I've seen in Doubletrees- but better than other hotel chains, and the balconies are scary and tacky. However, the rooms are spacious, the vanity outside the bathroom is great for families, and everything seems clean.If you are looking for a one night hotel before a flight or cruise this would be a fine choice. However, if you are looking for a place for a multiple night stay, prefer modern decor, and are expecting great views- this is not the best selection. If you're a business traveler used to Hilton Honors hotels- check out the Hilton Seattle Airport (a block or two down from the Doubletree). I have stayed there as well and found it to be a better selection for a similar cost.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>malcliz
<Content>Great Cookies!       Airport view from our room  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SweetChop
<Content>Convenient for Airport, though a sprawling complex of corridoors       The hotel shuttle  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GeorgiaGirl40
<Content>Good location for early morning flight We spent the night in this hotel our last evening in Seattle before an 8 a.m. flight. The area around the airport can be iffy, as in many large metropolitan areas. This hotel is clean, neat and offers good value for the money. We felt safe and secure with our small children. AND they have the famous Doubletree chocolate chip cookies!We were wiped out from a long day and wanted to stay in the room for the night and rest. We ordered clam chowder from the menu - much better than I expected - and finished off fruit from Pike Place Market. The hotel has seen its newer days: the carpets are threadbare in some spots and the cement balconies are noticeably empty of furniture. But the rooms are a great size, and we noticed large groups of flight attendants from various airlines staying there as well. The hotel employees were very polite and most efficient: we were on our way to our room within 30 seconds, warm cookies in hand. I went down to the lobby about 5:30 a.m. to print out our boarding passes, and a front desk employee came over to be sure everything was going well and I had what I needed - nice touch.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>MarilynKentucky
<Content>Most comfortable beds ever I loved the Doubletree Seatac. The hotel is beautiful and our room was very large. After 2 weeks on a land/sea tour of Alaska the bed was like sleeping on a cloud with down pillows. They provide free HOT wonderful cookies and lemonade or punch in the lobby. The shuttle to airport was on time, but it was a little difficult to find our way into the airport from the dropoff point from the driver's directions or lack thereof. Also, we had to move a table to plug in our coffee pot and the light in the large room could have been better. It is also a long walk from the lobby to our room. Might be difficult for seniors, and they gave us a handicap room because we wanted 2 queen beds. Since I needed the walk to get rid of the calories from the cookie it was ok. They also had free internet in the bar. Would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>islaforster
<Content>Doubletree - OK No problems here. great view from airport side rooms, beware the glass elevator if you get a high storey room its quite a way up there. breakfast good but on one evening i had the 'juicy angus' burger in the restaurant, would not recommend it. Overall staff very helpful and airport shuttle available 24/7.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>rsander5
<Content>Old and needs updating After reading the reviews here, my family was VERY disappointed with the hotel. First, the hotel is going through major renovations in the tower part of the hotel. We stayed in the village part of the hotel, which were found to be old and dark. The room was like staying in a basement, an old and mildew smell. The A/C put out hot air. We put the A/C on 60 and the room immediately heated the room up 89 degrees.I could not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>beryl_greene
<Content>excellent airport hotel Great location with fast frequent shuttles from the airport - the hotel used by quite a few airline employees so the staff is efficient and professional. The room was very large with a nice bathroom and reasonably quiet considering it was next to the airport  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheContextIsRelative
<Content>Great Value With Way More Hits Than Misses Once you find youself confidently in the proper spot on the third level courtesy curb at Sea-Tac, which is no small adventure unto itself, just look for the large Doubletree bus. There is another downtown Doubletree shuttle so make sure you are on the correct shuttle! Only a short 8 minute ride put us at the hotel check in for a signature warm cookie and friendly service. I was originally assigned a ground room floor in a remote building but requested a 3rd floor/top floor room instead, preferably overlooking the onsite pond. Without a blink from the desk clerk, I got my third floor...only later did I understand it was in the tall tower staring at scaffolding that was part of the exterior stucco project occuring this April and May. I had a view of two busy streets, a parking lot and the large Northwest Airlines maintenance hangar each morning. Despite not being informed of this construction on checkin or during my reservation, the workers were of no consequence and I never heard them. I just had to keep a south window curtain pulled since the scaffolding was right....there. I was here for an intense work session anyhow and it wasn't noisy beyond what I expected for an airport hotel so I bit the bullet and kept the room. I'll get the 3rd floor pond view on another visit. I'm sure I could've pushed but just needed to get settled and get busy.The building layout here is rather adventurous so take care to consider how far you want to be from certain features and/or activities. If you do want a view, the upper floors of the tower offer westward views across SeaTac and the Elliot Bay area. Despite the ages of the buildings, the lower structures all have a very contemporary northwest feeling to them with exposed beams and rich details throughout the complex. I found this to be very welcoming and comfortable. Keep in mind the views are limited if any from this complex.The tower room had a corner wrap around deck but no exterior chairs to enjoy the crisp humid air. I did have a chair out for a few evening hours to enjoy the air. Since the deck above partially covered mine, it was like a room extension and the wraparound deck was enormous. Without scaffolding and workers there I'm sure it is downright enjoyable.The room itself was large with a mixture of maple and cherry woods with contemporary shapes and accents. Upon entering the room, to the left is a full sink and closet, with the bath, toilet and another full sink further left and separated by a door. They have the nice touch of a full length mirror on this door, whcih seems to be a rarity for hotels I been in recently. The closet was generous and had plenty of hangars, an iron and ironing board. A few steps further into the room and it oepned up to the bed, a long couch, end table, coffee table, occassional chair, a full size desk and even an adjustable task chair for the desk area. The king size bed was comfortable and had 6 comfortable feather pillows. The bedside table had a phone along with the standard Hilton multi-function alarm clock. Doubletree offers a Wolfgang Puck branded coffee and tea with a special maker for you to use (but you'll have to unplug your computer to do it). The adjacent desk area was comfortable and easy to work on. My only complaint was the single outlet space on the desk shared by the coffee maker. If you have more than three items to charge or want coffee, you'll have to go looking high and low.HVAC was electronically controlled and was easily and quickly adjusted. It was a return air system and was only a low hum. Ther return air register above the stand alone sink was furrier than a pet shop and definately needed a good vacuum and wipe down.Each room is equipped with pay by the day or pay by the hour ethernet internet and I had no problems connecting for service. If you want to save the time or only need it for a short period, the lobby area has reliable wifi for free. I only hooked up one day of my stay and the others I used the lobby wifi for data transfers. Using a webservice you can print directly to the front desk and it will be delivered or you can pick it up. This was a huge time saver and no charge for the service. It works from both the pay accounts and the free wifi.Decor was toward the tans, oranges, and browns in the room, and that kept a nice feeling depite the typical semi sunny and rainy weather during the stay. The room carpet was well kept with only a few stains near the coffee maker. The bathroom was roomy and clean. I still find it hard to overlook the extensive grout mold that seems to crop up at all price points only because it is not a hard fix, it just takes someone using the right material in a proper install. The complimentary nutragena bath condiments were welcome as I like that they are non-allergenic and don't leave a scent of any sort. The best part of the bathroom was the lack of noise from any other resident or function around you. The room was overall a fairly quiet place but keep in mind you are across from a busy airport and a stones throw from one of the bsuiest intersections in the region. You will hear noise and some of it will be loud enough to notice.The features of the hotel are pretty good. The lobby restaurant is pretty good for all meals and the bar/grill could use better service but didn't get so bad as to not be able to recommend it. There is a little coffee and danish spot as well as a full service sundries shop, just be ready to pay airport prices for your purchases. The bright spots are the well appointed health clubs that serve the tower and complex. Among the nicest I've seen in the past few years.The tower room looking west was too low to see anything but high enough not to be insulated from the road and airport noise. I'd go as as high up as possible in the tower to have the view or as far to the northeast as possible to get a room on the pond and some quiet. Everything in between will still have something in proximity - you'd do well to look at the hotel layout and talk it over with the reservation or desk clerk to get the room you really want. Ill be back, but on that 3rd or 4th floor overlooking the pond next time.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	3	4	3	5	

<Author>sctgrantspass
<Content>We loved our stay at Doubletree Hotel !! My sister and I absolutely loved this hotel. She used the hotel's complementary shuttle which was wonderful.(Especially since I was late arriving in Seattle to pick her up!) I parked my car in the hotel's parking lot. They charge $16.00+tax just to park a car each night!!! That was absolutely ridiculous since we were guests staying there for two nights.  The hotel was very big, nice and clean. We had a beautiful room in the tower part of the hotel. We were on the 5th floor and we loved the view and the balcony. The room was very quiet and the beds were extremely comfortable. It would have been nice and helpful to have had a microwave and a refrigerator. The next time that I am in Seattle I would love to stay at Doubletree Hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Klockars
<Content>Best Airport Hotel This is the best airport hotel we have stayed in, and we have stayed there twice. It has a convenient location and a shuttle service that runs every 15 minutes for 24 hours. We had a large room with a balcony, comfortable beds, an easy chair and ottoman, and a coffee maker - all things we don't always find. We ate supper in their restaurant and I had an excellent salad (large enough to divide) and an exceptionally good Reuben sandwich. There are also other choices, with several restaurants and fast food places within a very short walk. The staff was friendly and helpful and we enjoyed the warm, chocolate chip cookie we were given at check-in.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>delmar60
<Content>Excellent value!! This hotel, for what they charge, is a steal for the Sea-Tac area!! Our commute down I-5 took longer than expected so we did not get to take full advantage of this hotel, but what we did was excellent! Hot cookies before we even check in was a nice treat.Rooms are HUGE, shower hot and lots of pressure, and the bed was suberb. The best part is they have 24 hr shuttle to Sea-Tac at no cost!We will stay here again!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FloridaPixie
<Content>Great hotel for an overnight stay! Stayed at this Doubletree Jan. 1, 2008 before flying out of Seatac on the 2nd. Since it was a really cold, rainy day, we were so happy that the hotel was SO large and spread-out. We'd been visiting relatives in central WA and had felt cooped-up all week in their small house, so walking around the hotel was great! Anyway, Tripadvisor saved us the overnight parking fee, since we read about it in advance and made arrangements to turn in our rental car one day early, then take the shuttle back to the hotel. The shuttle was very convenient and on-time. We stayed on the 5th floor in the tower, and had secured a really affordable (payment in advance) rate online. We found our room very clean, and had everything we needed. The crib (a packnplay) we requested was delivered promptly too. Since we didn't want to leave the hotel with our 2 year old (it was really cold and rainy) we ate in the hotel lounge. Since we had her with us, they sat us out to the side of the actual lounge. We ordered three appetizers and a dessert, and all were excellent and beautifully served. We enjoyed our evening at this hotel, and we ran our daughter around the lobby a lot, and I also used one of the treadmills in the fitness rooms. Overall, we would give our stay a 10 plus, and will certainly use this hotel again before our yearly overnight out of Seattle when visiting my husband's family! My advice--book in advance through the Doubletree website to get a great rate, and turn in your rental early to avoid the parking fee!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mower4427
<Content>Great Beds Stayed at this hotel beause the park n fly. Was an excellent choice, beautiful hotel and great beds made for a perfect start forvacation. Have stayed at cheaper hotels with park n fly and theyare always scary! Pay the extra bucks for a top of line hotel with free cookies.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Insideinfo77
<Content>TERRIBLE Driveway/Valet experience We stay at a lot of hotels, mostly upper-end. This Doubletree has some major service/management problems.  I dropped my wife off and left to return the car at Sea-Tac airport. She had five total pieces of luggage. ZERO help from the valet. Indide the hotel as she was trying to get to the checkin area not a single bellhop moved a muscle to help. She was bothered by a rotator cuff and got no help at all getting the bags into the hotel or once in the hotel. She called my cellphone and told me of the miserable service. When I initially arrived at the hotel the LAZY woman at the gated entrance to the hotel could barely rouse herself inside the booth to be bothered with a question about dropping off the bags. Miserable attitude. We've all met ones like her. I later found out that the parking and outside car attendants are contracted out to another company. Its service is so awful I won't name it here. Clearly the inside service is as bad as the outside. My wife (normally a mild, retired CEO of a major institution) was livid. This is a big airport hotel with no food service prior to 6AM (except room service) in Seattle where most cross-country flights leave early or very early and you have to get to the airport early. No help with baggage. The other clear impression is that the bellhops don't provide service, they are there to be hired. If you don't hire them they don't move a muscle. The concept of service is alien to them and this property. The combination of that plus the outside contracted driveway services is lethal. Eventually (probably because of the discussion I had when I returned to the property with him) the front desk manager came up to the room to apologize. That was good service. That was the ONLY good service received. We arrived at the hotel from the Hotel Andra in downtown Seattle. It was excellent., but for an early departure from Sea-Tac one would have to get up very early there. We didn't stay anywhere else so I have no other recommendations but this hotel has location but NO class.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>toenree
<Content>Very comfy beds Stayed there in the tower for one night for the convienent services to airport and car rentals. Very good shuttle service. I love the doubletree beds! I stayed at one on the gulf in FL and it was better. IMO anywhere at the beach is better though!! It's a bit pricey but I know I will always have a good experience at a Doubletree. Gotta love the cookies too!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>KatieCanada
<Content>Solid airport hotel - have stayed here several times! I've stayed at the Doubletree several times when I need to fly in and out of Seattle. It's a solid 3* hotel and good value.Pros:- cookies upon check-in - one of my favorite things about the Doubletrees- complimentary airport shuttle every 15 mins- nice pools, rooms are very comfortable with excellent beds and Neutrogena toiletries and Wolfgang Puck coffee- nice food selection in hotelCons:- parking is expensive - $16/night. If you're just crashing for the night, the hotel has 1 night hotel plus x days parking that's not a bad deal- no breakfast- no free wireless in the room - it's a fee - don't remember what it was since I've never used it- HUGE complex - both a plus and a minus - if you get one of the far wing rooms, you have a long way to walk after check-inOverall, I think it's a great value, especially if you get a Priceline rate. The cons for me aren't a huge issue since I'm just overnighting it, but would be more significant for a prolonged stay.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>WashingtonAL
<Content>Getting funky  Stayed in the Penthouse for one night at $750, their web discount price - no cancellations, etc. Didn't even get a free parking space. I asked if it could be compted and got a snotty reply from the front desk clerk. You would think I was asking for the moon. We had two cars so that was another $50.The shower looked like a nursing home roll in shower with a short little curtain. Kind of odd and the bath smelled of mildew. Very dated fixtures and furnishing, very dark. The patios were concrete with metal rails and no chairs or tables. Looked like a prison deck outside each window - just plain ugly.Parking lots were all unattended except one and the gates were acting up. So had to circle the hotel to exit. Probably will pass on this place again. I will wait for the updating before they get more of my money.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>KalsLoisLane
<Content>A fine start to a lovely trip!       Exterior of Building  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovtravl
<Content>Excellent Airport Hotel Great location next to Sea-Tac airport with shuttle bus pick up and delivery every 15 min. High quality king bed with great linens, big room, quiet air/ventilation system, flat screen TV, large bathroom with separate two sink areas (one outside rest of bathroom). Has a great breakfast buffet in its coffee shop. Only negative was terrible in room coffee...surprising based on its Seattle location.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Traveldanse
<Content>Enjoyed stay at the Seattle Airport Doubletree! I stay at a lot of hotels, but not usually in this price range. It's a little on the high end, but wow! (Not perfect, but very impressive.) Really nice beds and bedding, housekeeping staff were actually friendly and did a nice job; customer service was very good, room was large, nice toiletries, balcony,  airport shuttle. Place is huge and has just about everything you need if you need to stay put by the airport. Would have been nice to have small refrigerator; room service prices and parking fees were steep, and the nearby planes could be a little loud at times. A/C-Heating controls in my room and throughout the hotel (was there for a conference) should be adjusted a little better, but nothing major. Cutest little coffee set up and radio/alarm system. Overall, really enjoyed my stay and look forward to a future stay!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cdth
<Content>Good Room: Clean, Quiet, Comfortable This is a good place to stay for a conference or if you need to stay for a night or two near the airport. The room was large and clean. I heard no noise from the airport, or elsewhere. The bed was VERY comfortable (a Serta mattress).This is a large property with (I believe) five buildings. Out the back of mine (#5) the deck looked out into a forest. The walk from that building to the lobby is about 2-3 minutes. Plenty of eating places nearby, and the bar in the hotel is fine also.You are charged for parking - $8/night for outdoor parking.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>maynard7
<Content>A nice place I loved the room the moment I walked in. Very large room with 2 queen beds. The whole place is non-smoking so you don't have to worry about getting stuck in a smoking room. Lovely furniture in the room, but it lacks a fridge and microwave, which would come in handy. Nice bathroom, and lots of Neutrogena amenities.All the pillows in the room were filled with down, so I had to call and request foam pillows. They do nickel and dime you here (to the extreme in some cases). In-room internet is not free, though you can go to the lobby area with your laptop and connect wirelessly there (for free). In-room you have to connect with a cable and you pay daily for that. Parking is absolutely outrageous at $16 + tax per day, considering that all the other hotels I saw on the street (except the Hilton) have free parking for guests, including the Red Lion and the Radisson. I decided to park on nearby S 192nd Street and walk the long block; I just don't like being taken advantage of. Local calls are $1.25, though 800 # calls are free. One pleasant surprise is that they have coin-operated washers and dryers sprinkled about the property for only $1 each. Just bring a zip-lock bag of detergent in case you think you might need to use them while here.There are dining options in the hotel, and there's a Denny's and Jack in the Box right across the street. I ended up at this hotel because I bid on a 3-star hotel at Seattle Airport. When you book through Priceline, you nearly always get a flawed room and this was no exception. Although the room was great, it was about as far away from the lobby as you could get (Wing 5, as mentioned in other reviews). Getting there required walking down a hall, going up one floor in an elevator, walking some more, going down another elevator, and walking the rest of the way. About a 10 minute walk in all, but everyone needs more exercise these days. It does get old after a while; always having to walk back to the lobby to use the free internet. Also, my room was right next door to the Mechanical/Sprinkler/Electrical room. Once in a while there would be some vibrating noise, but I could never pinpoint exactly where it was coming from. Somehow I slept through it.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wantonstoup
<Content>Very nice hotel, expensive parking, terrible business center First I'll say that we got a great rate at Priceline, far below the travel websites prices for this stay, so we are all-in-all very pleased with our stay.The room's carpet had a lot of black stains - far more than I'd consider acceptable. But everything else was very nice and clean.The parking is outrageous at $17+tax per day, but it's not a hidden fee so you can make up your own mind. They do have a free 24-hour airport shuttle that we used to get a rental car at the airport daily and it was very convenient.What wasn't convenient is the business center. It's a 3 minute walk from the front desk, and they require that you get a new access card each time you visit it from the front desk. But 80% of the time, it won' work. We had to go back REPEATEDLY throughout our stay to get new cards. Others we encountered had the exact same problem. It will work once, then stop working 10 minutes later. It's a terrible system - just let my room key access the business center (which consists of nothing but three computers and a printer anyhow!)But we do recommend the hotel. Just bring your own laptop and pay for the internet I guess.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	1	

<Author>melena99
<Content>Bring Extra Money because they charge for everything! We thought we were getting a really good deal on hotwire so we were really excited UNITL we checked in. We were forced to pay 16 dollars (actually over 17 after tax) a night just to park! You have to pay the parking because they basically lock you in the parking lot where you must use your key to get out. Then you had to PAY for internet per night! OMG this is a three star and they act like they are on such a budget they must charge for EVRYTHING! We asked for a bottle of shampoo and the housekeeper had to verfy when we were checking out before she would give us a tiny bottle of shampoo! We needed a cart to bring our luggage in and they threw a fit!!! They did not want us to take a cart even though our room was at least a mile from the lobby! This is a HUGE hotel and I feel because we booked on Hotwire they stuck us in the crappy and far point of the hotel. I would NOT stay here again UNLESS I wanted to throw my hard earned money away like I just had to do! The only good think about this place was the free cookie they give you when you check in....however with what I paid extra I could have bought a whole tin of cookies!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	2	1	1	

<Author>GEOFFS3
<Content>Nice Place This is definetly a mega-hotel. It's huge. Sprawling wings and a huge tower, it's EASY to get lost finding your room. The staff is generally nice and you can actually walk from the airport (10-15 mins max ) if you don't have much luggage.The rooms are pretty small, but the bathroom and on the large side. All rooms have baconies, although with no furniture. The rooms are newly renovated, although not as nice or modern as a Marriott room would be (i.e. no plasma tv).Nice pool area with a whirlpool which closes strictly at 11PM. You definetly feel safe and secure in this hotel as a lot of airline crew stay here as well.Great place for a quick night, not bad if you have kids either.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Sista_Traveler
<Content>Good for hilton honors memebers This hotel is a nice size and is convenient to the airport and restaurants. The fitness room is small but the bedrooms are standard. The staff was very helpful with all my business and pesonal needs. The hotel gave me 3 vouchers for $10 of any meal since I am a Hilton honors platinum members. That worked well for me since the food at the hotel is fairly pricey.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Dianefromohio
<Content>Not worth the money..... Had an 4:00 wake-up call to catch an early plane that never came. Also (perhaps because we used a discount travel site) our room was a very long way away in a noisy area of the hotel....had to walk down several halls, take an elevator up walk again, take another elevator down and walk down more halls. The rooms were far from soundproof. I could hear everything going on in the next rooms as well as doors slamming throughout the night. The plus were the comfortable beds.The $16 charge ($20 for valet) for nightly parking was ridiculous.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sonb
<Content>Loved Everything about it. Would come again I was here for another business meeting. We used the meeting facilities and team and WOW is all I can say. A very attentive team. Our every need was met before we even asked for it. The catering staff, banquet sales staff, A/V team, set up and banquet management were all 100 percent superb. The meeting rooms are very large and comfortable. The A/V equipment is up to date and work great. The food is really good and the catering and banquet team are nothing but hard working and smiles. I strongly advise this space for anyone looking to have a large event or conference.The sleeping rooms were very spacious and comfortable. The beds are soft, but not too soft and the linens are warm and cozy. I loved all of the amenities in my room. Fluffy towels, nice shower head, beautiful balcony that was almost larger than my apartment in New York!!All of the food was really nice. Service was always with a smile and always on time. Everything I tried, I really enjoyed. The eggs benedict was BEST!! Front desk staff was very nice. A warm welcome check in coupled with a yummy warm cookie. Can't beat it. All and all, this is a really great place for a stay or for an event, or both. It is very close to the airport, not to far from downtown Seattle, and just a great place to be.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shellybells82
<Content>Good location, a bit busy Stayed for 5 days. Location was right across from the airport so noise can carry a bit. Had a room in the tower. Parking can be tough at night when the lot is full. Had to wait for the elevator a few nights during the conventions and a penthouse party one night. Can seem a bit hectic in the lobby when conventions are going on. Free internet on the computers in the cafe/bar area. Room was clean and comfy. Shower pressure was okay. Overall a nice stay and a great value for the price I got. But avoid the common area when there are exhibitors and such. =)  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Love2beTraveling
<Content>Comfortable Airport Hotel For $84 including tax  service fee via Priceline this was a great deal. Airport shuttle runs 24hrs/day - my [delayed flight] arrival @ 2:15am - shuttle was waiting. Very close to airport. Check-in was fast - was given TWO cookies! - and a room in the main tower (for the least amount of walking). The room was large and comfortable. The beds were great and plenty of pillows. Room had a sink/mirror area outside the bathroom and a second sink/mirror area in the bathroom with toilet/bath/shower.Room was very quiet - no noise from street/airport or hallway.Only downside was no free Internet in the rooms - there was a wired Internet connection in the room for which you could pay by the hour; free wireless could be had by going down to the main lobby - and room service and parking (which I didn't use) would be very expensive.Hotel is within walking distance of a number of eating places.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>rojersey
<Content>Caveat Emptor On first glance this hotel looked like a wonderful bargain from Priceline. And, no doubt the price was better than if we had booked it elsewhere. However there were lots of issues. Let's start with the worst: the nice white throwpillows that Doubletree puts on each bed proclaiming the joys of a comfy night's sleep were covered with someone else's hair. Lots and lots of it. Bad enough that this was the case but these same pillows were resting on our bed pillows. Really gross and very unhealthy to boot. Our ground floor room was by chance for handicapped use. The architect must have been drunk since in order to reach the bath towels from the tub you had to clim,b out of the tub and walk across the bathroom. No place to hang a towel near the tub. Now, back to the pillows: the bed pillows were the composition of oatmeal.....mushy mushy mushy. I couldn't sleep and I believe that's the reason I was there in the first place. On our second night the used soaps were left for us and the shampoo and conditioner were not replaced. The conditioner, btw, at all Doubletree Hotels is virtually impossible to get out of the container so it's pretty useless. I would describe the hotel employees as polite and incompetent. We asked for replacement shampoo and it never came. Day two our newspaper didn't show up either. A loud humming noise in our room warranted two friendly but unhelpful visits from maintenance and the gentleman tried his best but eventually shrugged his shoulders and the humming noise continued for the duration. His equipment, btw, was substituting a wastecan for a ladder. He turned it over and stood on it. One other note, this hotel charges for inroom internet (which we never got to work anyway and wound up using the lobby's which was an enormous!!!!! walk from our room...the place is huge!!!) and $16/night for parking whereas every other place in the area provides free parking. Breakfast is also very pricey. Two bagels and coffee in the lobby were $11. without even a paper plate. Skip the Doubltree.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	2	2	

<Author>losthat
<Content>Great airport hotel Two night stay on way to Alaska cruise. Room was newly refurbished and very clean. Front desk helpful and the cookies delicious. Looks like an Embassy Suites with large atrium. Bed was comfortable. My only complaint was the HVAC system was not terribly accurate and I ended up opening windows to cool room off. There is an Outback and a McDonalds right outside the door. Shuttle service was very good...took it several times and only waited once for a brief time. Be sure when leaving airport that you take the right shuttle. You may need to call for it. DO NOT take the Doubletree Hotel Shuttle. This is a large bus and does not go to the Doubletree Suites!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tedf
<Content>Trouble-free at the Doubletree We recently had an overnight at the Doubletree prior to an early departure to Los Angeles. We arrived by rental car - one of the reasons we booked the Doubletree was its close proximity to the Thrifty depot. It looked close on Mapquest, and as it turns out it was about a five-minute walk. Perfect! I dropped my better half and our luggage at the hotel door - you have to get a ticket from the automatic gate to gain entry to the car park, then exit via the manned booth. If you're back out within 20 minutes, there's no charge. The girl at reception was fabulously friendly and efficient, and we were on our way to our room in no time (clutching a couple of warm chocolate chip cookies!). The property is quite old-fashioned, and is slowly being refurbished. Having said that, we really had no complaints with any aspect of the hotel. Our room was quiet, despite being on the ground floor, and everything was very clean and comfortable. One nice benefit was the free internet access in the business centre - much appreciated. As we'd had a pretty long day, we ate at the hotel's ground floor restaurant. No complaints whatsoever. Good food, good service, good pricing. After a good night's sleep, and an adequate if not spectacular room service breakfast, we caught the free shuttle to the airport terminal. All very simple.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>lilmm
<Content>Great deal - plus cookies We really liked the Doubletree Sea-Tac. We stayed here the last night of our trip to Seattle (got it on Priceline for $46 - not bad!). The bed was very nice, room was clean, we even had a balcony. It wasn't loud at all from the airport but was loud from the hallway (which didn't bother us since we left by 5 am). They were extremely convenient to the airport. The staff people were really helpful and nice. Plus you get a free cookie at check-in! :)The only complaint is - parking for overnight cost $16, and on top of that, we had $1.40 of tax!!! I can see paying parking for a downtown hotel - but for a hotel at Sea-Tac it seemed absurd to have to pay parking. Overall it was still a reasonable deal though. I would stay again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AMG007
<Content>OK Hotel for a business trip The hotel is ok for a business trip. Not really top notch new interior, but basically clean. Stayed here the second time in one and a half year. Construction is still!!! going on. They should finish that one. Although I must say, no direct negative impact on my stay.Free-of-charge Wireless LAN in the Lobby is very ok. Less ok ist the miserable quality of the coffee in the lobby coffee shop.The parking fee is outrageous - 16$ per day is too much, SEA Airport vicinity or not.Don麓t go here for vacations in the SEA area - too far away from everything but the airport.Welcome cookie is good and is a nice gesture.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>cryetti
<Content>Great deal! Will come again! I stayed in this hotel for 1 day, as a side trip from Vancouver. Yes it is a bit far from downtown, but very close to the airport. The hotel interior itself is a bit outdated, but the room we stayed in (in the tower) was very pleasant, relaxing and modern. I absolutely loved the warm cookies we were given at check in and the beds in our room were so incredibly soft. I actually miss the beds! The hotel staff was friendly and accomodating. I will definitely stay here again when I visit Seattle.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nikswrx
<Content>Second time staying....great deal for the price. This is the second time I stayed here, in preparation for a flight from Seatac the next morning. I have also booked this hotel twice for my parents, and they also really like it. You can get a great deal on this hotel through Hotwire.The rooms are spacious and clean. I love the double sinks, works great when two people are in the room rushing to get ready in the morning. The elevators in the tower are a bit slow, and the last time we stayed here they conveniently broke down as we were on our way to the airport! So, we had to drag a bunch of luggage down about 9 flights of stairs. I heard that they fixed it quickly though, I was just too impatient (and running late) to wait!The shuttle service is great, it leaves the hotel every 15 minutes. Service has always been friendly.And of course...the cookie upon check-in is always my favorite part!Overall, I wouldn't pay rack rate to stay here, but I always get a great deal so it works for me. Try and get a room in the tower, they seem nicer than the wing rooms, and are closer to the lobby if you are dragging a bunch of luggage or have to catch the shuttle. Also, I wouldn't recommend staying here if you are coming to visit Seattle, it is far from downtown and they charge a lot for parking. But going to/from the airport, its my favorite place to stay.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>NomadDC
<Content>Rooms a bit dingy The lobby and common areas are very nice and updated. The Starbucks kiosk and bar area is pleasant. This is definitely a business travelers' hotel. However, the only thing new about my room was the bed and the granite countertop in the bathroom. The room was outdated otherwise - brass lamps, old chair in the corner, outdated floral curtains, and outdated shower. The pictures are a bit misleading on the Web site - they make the rooms look nicer and newer than they really are. The shower temperature was difficult to adjust and could basically be set to freezing cold or burning hot. I was in one of the wings on the ground floor. One of my colleagues in the tower said she thought she had a better room than what I described and also had complimentary water bottles, that I did not have in my room. Some positive items to note - there are complimentary computers with internet access in the lobby, but the connection is on the slow side. They give you a warm chocolate chip cookie when you check-in.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>setom
<Content>Comfortable, pleasant stay I stayed at this hotel for two nights to attend a conference. The room was very comfortable and the hotel layout and conference space was convenient. I ate several times at the hotel, for breakfast and for a late dinner at the lobby bar, and all the meals were fine. This was a very pleasant hotel to stay at and I would recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schumatt
<Content>Enjoyed my stay immensely!       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dbult
<Content>Good stay Had a 10-day trip planned for out of the country flying from Seatac. Nice hotel and good rates for park-n-fly. Property does need to update their interior decorating but staff was nice and everything went as expected.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosario07
<Content>Best beds ever! I was pleasantly surprised w/this hotel. Only because I did it through hotwire and didn't know what to expect. I was upset w/the parking fee but i did pay half of what i was suppose to pay for two nights (hotwire is the best!!!). So after the initial shock, I was perfectly fine w/the fee. The sevice was excellent from the time I stepped into the hotel. Guest services were so friendly and yes, those chocolate chip cookies are one of the best I've had! The pillow top beds were the most comfortable beds ever! It felt like sleeping on clouds!!! I will definitely come back again!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HotelCriticDude
<Content>Great park-and-fly value I have used this hotel twice for its park-and-fly package during the holidays. It has always worked out really well. The shuttle service is very good; it runs continuously every 15 minutes, at least during regular airport operating hours. It is right across the street from the airport, so traffic should not be an issue in getting to/from the terminal. I have found the check-in and shuttle driving staff to be friendly and efficient.Each time I have been assigned a room in the main tower, which is very convenient in terms of parking and lobby/restaurant access. The tower rooms have been renovated in the past few years with modern furnishings and bathroom updates, and I find the beds to be very comfortable. I have never stayed in a room in any of the low-rise wings, so I can't speak to their comfort level. There is one wing that is two sky-bridges away from the lobby. I could see how guests assigned to that wing might complain about long walks to the lobby.While I have been happy with the rooms and staff, I find the food is getting too expensive for what it's worth. Entrees at the coffee shop priced in the $20+ range should really be $15-19, especially with no salad included (I hear most hotels lose money on food, and I must wonder, is that a self-fulfilling prophecy?). For those guests with cars, I would recommend driving to the Southcenter Mall area (about 2 miles away) to find dinner at one of the many casual-dining restaurants in the area. There is not much to choose from in the immediate airport area, other than 13 Coins, Denny's and a few fast food places.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hotelchecker
<Content>Hairy Is Scary I've stayed at this location a few times before and was generally satisfied but on my third visit I discovered that the bed linens had not been changed. The bed appeared properly made up but I first spotted some stains on a pillow and then numerous body hairs scattered on the bottom sheet.The night manager who took my complaint listened passively and, without an apology, informed me that a bellhop would be sent over with a key to another room.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Homeboynot
<Content>Nice but some standard ripoffs Nice big rooms, quiet, sink in shower area and outside. Clean with nice beds. Problems were parking is $14 a night, Internet is $10 a day, local calls $1.25 plus 15 cents a minute after 60 minutes. Huge place - you'll need a map to find your room - drive to it don't walk. Only 12 TV channels with HBO.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Allgoodonesgone
<Content>Excellent place to get to the airport. We got a great rate through Priceline. They rate it as 3-stars and we would agree.The hotel is right on rental car return boulevard so it was real easy to take our car back.The hotel charges for parking, but if you are taking your car back after check-in, they will validate your ticket and not cost a thing to stay for a short period.Check-in was easy and the room was huge. We have never stayed in a Doubletree before, but certainly will in the future.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jsgirls
<Content>Not so clean... Booked this through priceline. WARNING- if you do this, you are bottom of the barrel with the staff. Was disappointed with the room. Small, stuffy, carpet was worn and stained and it was on the main floor right along the parking lot...motel style. Had a big spider in the bathroom 20 min after checking in. Asked to change to a higher floor (there's only 2) and they said they were full BUT if I paid more they could find me a room in the (original hotel) tower which has 14 floors. After some arguing, they put us there with no charge. As we were walking out of our motel room, a new couple had already been put there! No one even came to check the cleanliness. We had washed our hands so we'd used a couple towels, used the bathroom...etc. Though we left it clean, i still think it was unsanitary and those poor people looked shocked to see someone coming out of their room. Alot of flight staff stay here on the 2nd floor. Priceline rooms seem to be on the ground floor. Call the property directly and insist on a 2nd floor room. Might help. The tower room was better but the carpet was very dirty and there was a huge clump of long, black hair on the floor of the bathroom. The positives were they have those sweet sleeper beds or whatever so it was a good sleep, pool area looked nice and hottub was relaxing, and they give you cookies on check in and check out.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>dougandshelley
<Content>Pre cruise stay After reading a few of the reviews of this hotel, I was a little worried about it. However, once we checked in a was pleasantly surprised and it turned out to be a very nice hotel to spend a night pre-cruise.The hotel is very close to the airport and there can be some noise from the planes. As we are not light sleepers this did not bother us.Check in was pleasant and the staff was helpful. The shuttle was prompt both picking us up and dropping us off to catch our Shuttlexpress bus to the cruise pier. Waitstaff in the coffee shop was friendly and attentive.We were assigned a room in the tower. There are several 4 or 5 story buildings that are connected together and could make it a challange to find your room but we had no problems at all. The room itself was spacious but not overly large and had a nice bathroom. The room was clean and comfortable. There are two fitness rooms but neither is overly large. They did have up to date equipement. There is one outdoor pool and hot tub that we did not use. There were two onsite restaurants, on sports lounge and a coffee bar area with pasteries. The prices in the restaurant were a little high for what we wanted to pay so we had dinner in the coffee shop. Still not inexpensive but it didn't break the budget either. The hot food was hot and cold foods were cold. Overall a decent meal. My overall impression with our stay was this is a very nice hotel close to the airport. I would not be disappointed if we purchased through Hotwire and received this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CruiseCC
<Content>Old Hotel This is a pretty rundown hotel. We did not choose it. Our travel agent booked the hotel through a cruise company as part of a package deal. It was about fifteen minutes away from town and very close to the airport. We knew we would have to pay for parking overnight but were unaware of a parking tax on top of the regular fee. The service at the hotel coffee shop was really slow and the waiter seemed really bothered by having to come to our table to see what we wanted. The soup was brought to us pretty cold, but he seemed to vanish so we couldn't complain. Even Denny's would probably have been better.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Taryn-Rick
<Content>Not impressed with service We stayed 3 days at the Doubletree Hotel in July 2006. The front desk staff were grouchy, uninterested and not pleasant to deal with. We experienced this poor attitude with a few other staff members within the hotel. We were quite surprised as this was the only hotel during our two week Washington State vacation that did not provide a fantastic experience. Too bad considering the hotel facilities are lovely and the rooms are comfortable and spacious. I would not stay at a Doubletree Hotel again. It must be an unhappy place to work because it sure comes through to the customer. Spend your money at a hotel that does not see guests as interruptions in their day.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty Sheets Our stay in this hotel was poor. We got to the bedroom at 2 A.M., after a flight from Alaska. Then we found a used towel and wet washcloth in the bathroom and no soap or any thing else but towels and washcloths. Then I turned back the covers on the bed and found that the sheets had been used, both the top and bottom sheets were all crumpled up at the feet at my side. We slept in them anyway, as we only had 2 1/2 hrs to sleep there. Have you ever slept in someone unknown to you's dirty sheets. It is not nice. You can't help but wonder if they may have had some kind of disease. I mentioned the problems the next morning to the desk clerk. She said she would tell the manager.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>catravelgrl
<Content>Decent hotel We took a short weekend trip to Seattle 6/03-6/06. Because of the very high prices in Seattle we decided to stay closer to the airport where the prices are more reasonable. We used Priceline and bid far too high I realized after looking on this site and seeing what people have bid and what was accepted. We did not have a problem with noise even with the close proximity to the airport. We rented a car and there was no problem getting around Seattle. Travel time to Seattle was no more than 15 minutes and the parking was never an issue for us except at the hotel. The parking here is pricey..about 15.00/day. So if you are bidding on Priceline factor that into what you are willing to pay. I tried to bargain with the hotel staff about the price to no avail. There is also a 4.95/hr or 9.99/day charge to use the internet in your room. There is an area in the hotel where there is internet access free of charge. I did like this hotel and will stay again but will bid a much lower price considering all the extras that can be attached. I though the hotel was in good shape and the walk from the front desk to our room was not bad at all. The rooms were clean and the staff was helpful.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kbrey
<Content>WONDERFUL! My family needed a hotel room for Thursday May 18, 2006. I walked into the lobby and was greeted with a warm inviting woman. I asked if they had rooms available and she responded yes. The staff was friendly and helpful. We went to our room and it was small but very comfortable. The bed was a pillow -top mattress with down comforter and 6 pillows. The sheets were extremely soft. We had a view of the lake. Later that night we went to the Lounge inside the hotel where they have several computers with free internet access. The waitress was very accomadating while I was researching more vacation plans. She offered crayons and paper to the my daughters and served them each milk (that I ordered) in nice plastic cups with straws and lids. The airport shuttle leaves every 15 minutes and it only takes about 3 minutes to get to the airport. Very convienent when you are flying out at 6:40 am.I highly reccommend this hotel! A gem in the Seatac area. One thing to note, they do charge for parking.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Often_on_road
<Content>In need of repair in many ways Physically, this is a very tired property. While renovations appear to be underway according to signs, the hotel infrastructure shows its age. Even where renovated, the hotel still needs work. My room, in the renovated tower, had very insufficient lighting and a bathroom that had seen better days. Provided amenities (e.g., soap, shampoo) were low quality. The tower elevators, which run on the exterior of the building, were quite cold.Staff wise, this hotel also needs renovation. Service in the more upscale of the two restaurants was almost unbearably slow and the food was cold when it finally arrived after over a hour at our table.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>barneysweatshirt
<Content>Nice Place Very clean and pleasant stay. Great pool and hot tub.I only heard 2 airplanes the whole night and they weren't loud. Very nice front desk. The only thing that I was mad about was the $14 per day for parking, which Priceline fails to mention!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jette
<Content>Great Stay at the Doubletree Stayed here one night when I tagged along with my husband on business. We had an updated room in the Tower and it was very nice. The service in the bar and restaurant was excellent. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tatabob
<Content>Fine if you are in new wing Stayed here Labor Day weekend 2005. Previous reviews are very acccurate. We stayed in the updated Tower Wing. Room was spacious and very nice. However the rest of this hotel has not seen a renovation since the 60's. Room was very quiet.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed at this Doubletree for a conference in October. I had read some reviews and got a little concerned but I was pleasantly surprised. They are remodeling the rooms. I was in wing 3 and it was complete. The beds/linens are nice and comfortable. I didn't use the restaraunts. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daisymay1
<Content>Great Value! - Large Room - Comfortable Bed I was very pleased with my stay at this hotel. The room we stayed in was beautiful! Newer furniture, very comfortable bed with nice linens, two large sink areas and super clean. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the spa/pool area and they have a nice lounge with free internet access terminals. Free shuttle to the airport got us to the terminal in about 3 minutes! If you are looking for a place to stay near the airport - this is a great one!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CubbyandGman
<Content>Best Attribute is Proximity to Airport Rooms are not particularly posh or large. Ours was kind of dingy, definitely in need of a remodeling. My wife and I stayed only 1 night before flying out of Sea-Tac the next morning. Hotel was fine for our purposes, but I wouldn't have wanted a longer stay there. Got room on Priceline for $49. Parking added an extra $12 (exorbitant, but I guess standard for many of the airport hotels). Bed was allegedly a queen, but it seemed more like a double. Business centre internet access was free and open 24 hrs. (must get key from front desk after hours). Pool and whirlpool were nice, but would prefer 24 hr. access like health club. Room service was typically expensive and food was average at best.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Stayed 2 nights 09/01-09/03. I got a room (2 queen non-smoking at the furthest wing from the front desk on the first floor, room facing lake) for $35 at priceline. Parking is $12+tax/night. Staff was friendly. Got a welcome cookie at check in. I requested main tower room, but she explained it was a convention week and she can only give us the room at the wing. Main tower where front desk is located seems to be pretty new and clean, but when I walked into the wing building, there was musty smell, but as I walk deeper into the hall way, the smell is gone. This was a non smoking building but room had a slight bit of cigaretts smell. I was a little disappointed but the smell did not bother me too much. Bed and pillow was surprisingly comfortable and clean. Bathroom area has 2 sinks (one inside bathroom and one outside) so couple can get ready at the same time. Hotel located 15 mins away from downtown Seattle. Almost walking distance from the airport. If you have a car to get around the city, I recommend you stay around airport area to save on expensive hotel room.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bernardlee
<Content>Nice hotel very close to the airport We stayed one night at this hotel. This hotel has huge rooms and is very clean. They even have a heated pool.The only bummer is that parking is $12 per day (plus tax).We got an excellent rate on hotwire ($54).  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and hugh The room is hugh, and it's very clean. Although it's closed to the airport, the room is well sound proof. There are restaurants and grocey store in a short driving distance. The self-laundry service is also great. My room had a balconey with a lake view. Overall, highly recommendated.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cmbtravel
<Content>So-So This is a lovely hotel but the service is certainly lacking. The first time I stayed for a conference, the front desk was overwhelmed and not helpful, but I wrote it off to the crush of people. During this second trip, they still were understaffed at the front desk. I waited for my room, was told I was not entitled to breakfast since I hadn't paid full price for my room (I had a discount/points deal). Okay, I thought, I'm saving $60 a night, so I can do without breakfast. I hauled my suitcases (it's a long walk to the tower rooms) only to find that there was someone already in my room. I tried calling the front desk--no answer. Waited a few mintues, not wanting to haul everything all the way back to reception, and called again. It rang and rang--no answer.When I returned to the front desk I was waved to the back of the line although I had just waited in line to check in. Now the line was a bit longer. I waited while they waved other people ahead of me. Finally I stopped that and stepped up to the counter to let the woman know that I had been issued an occupied room. Well, the computer says its empty she said, looking at me. Are you sure?Eventually, we sorted it out and I was given another room. Here's a tip--don't let them put you near the ice makers (in the tower, ask for rooms higher than 10--110,210, 310 and up). The machine was really loud. The walls are very thin. Perhaps the rooms in the wings are better. I assume I was given the cheap room because of my dimished status, but just be careful where they put you.Now, having said all of that, it is a clean, safe hotel and is probably fine for the night before or after a trip, but I'd avoid a long stay.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SarahP1118
<Content>Decent airport hotel The Doubletree Seattle Airport is a large hotel convenient to the airport. We stayed there for one night after arriving on a late flight, and had gotten a very affordable rate on Hotwire. The room was very large and clean, and the warm cookies on arrival were delicious. The bed was quite comfortable. We also had our own balcony overlooking a pond. This property is quite large (900+ rooms) and is very spread out. Our room was about a 10-minute walk from the front desk. While we didn't mind the walk after our long flight, travelers who want an easy trip to and from their room should request accommodations that are as accessible as possible.All in all a fine experience. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ljhnz
<Content>Great room in Tower We stayed one night at the Doubletree because of its location right next to the airport. We had a room in the tower. The appearance of the room may have indicated that it was recently renovated. We were very pleased by the decor, balcony and double vanities, one inside the bathroom and one outside. The bedding was quit plush, the best we had during our visit to the Seattle, Burlington, Port Angeles, Forks and Mt. St. Helens areas. The large pool was heated and very warm. I would estimate the water temperature to be around 85-90F. Beware - this property is very large with many rooms.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convienient to airport The Doubletree was very convenient to Sea-Tac Airport. The price was right, the rooms were large (with balconies) and the warm cookies at check-in were good. Even though there were a lot of guests at the hotel, I appreciated not hearing any outside noise in our room. Large pool and hot tub.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BJM
<Content>Good Airport Hotel Stayed at this hotel night before leaving for Alaskan cruise and then again on return. Found the staff friendly and helpful. Loved the free warm cookies on arrival - a nice touch.The rooms we stayed in both times were well furnished, large and clean. The beds were very comfortable and there were nice big pillows.We had a breakfast and a lunch in the coffee shop, off the lobby area - both meals were very good and the service quick and friendly.Hotel has free airport shuttle every 15mins which was also good.The swimming pool was a good size, very clean and a pleasant temperature - my swim was most enjoyable - plenty of clean fluffy towels poolside.Very impressed with the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PoblanoJ
<Content>Comfortable Airport Hotel I stayed here for one night in May, 2005 -- my flight arrived at midnight and I was renting a car the following morning to drive north and just wanted a comfortable bed near the airport. I reserved and purchased the room on Priceline (3 stars, $45). The aiport shuttle circulates frequently and drives you the very short distance to the hotel (practically across the street from the airport). The lobby had a classy feel -- just what you would expect from an upscale property. I was assigned a room in one of the wings (not in the tower which is touted as being better elsewhere on this page). It was 1:00 a.m. when I reached my room and I could not make the key card work in my door. I went down the hall to a house phone and phoned the hotel operator who sent someone to assist me immediately. He got the door open on the first try with no problem and three minutes later, my phone rang and it was the hotel operator Just checking to make sure you were able to get in, dear. The room was clean. The bed was very, very comfortable. The curtains really darkened the room. A lobby cafe has inexpensive breakfasts (fruit, yogurt, and granola parfait for $3). I didn't explore the swimming pool or health club. All in all, a perfect place to stay if you are arriving at SEA-TAC airport late at night or are leaving on an early flight. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal if staying near airport I thought the Doubletree was an above average airport hotel. My friend and I always judge a hotel by a number of factors and the Doubletree scored well for water pressure, room space, temp control (how well the AC works), beds  bonus points for a warm cookie on check in!The only issue I really had was that our room was sooooooo far away. We got in at midnight from our flight and then had to drag our luggage (well technically the bell hop did most of the dragging but still) the very last room in the very last building. That aside, everything else was more that sufficient. Oh yeah, we also didn't like the fact that for $1 the vending machine gave you a teeny tiny dasani! But for the price I paid on Priceline, I would absolutely stay here again if I needed to be near the airport.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CaptainBristol
<Content>Your typical airport sleeping factory I pass through Seatte, either for business or vacation, several times per year and I use Priceline if I need a room close to Sea-Tac Airport. A $35 bid for a 3-star room in the Sea-Tac hotel zone will often get you into the Doubletree. By the time Priceline adds on taxes and fees, the cost goes up to $47. Because of my flight schedules, I merely use the Doubletree for sleeping. I arrive at night and then catch an early flight the next morning. Therefore I can't comment on the hotel's public amenities; I never use them. This Hilton-managed, chain hotel is almost certainly the largest in Sea-Tac. It has hundreds of rooms, some of which can be quite a hike from the lobby. Be aware of that if you have a lot of luggage. Once you get to your room, however, it will probably be reasonably clean and reasonably quiet (except when school groups or conventioneers have filled the place). The matresses are reasonably comfortable and the linens are of reasonable quality. The free shuttles to and from the airport operate with reasonable efficiency. The warm cookie the desk clerk gives you at check-in is a nice touch. Nevertheless, there is nothng remarkable about this hotel. It could be on any airport strip in any mid-size city in North America. Across the street from the Doubletree is one of the locally-owned Roasters bar and grill restaurants. It is a good place for a beer (lots of drafts on tap) and some roast chicken or a burger and fries. For more upscale dining, check out the 13 Coins. That restaurant is on the same side of the street as the Doubletree and about two blocks north. The food there is good, but a dinner for two will probably cost you more than the room at the Doubletree.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value  The first time I booked here, I was very impressed with the property. There is a beautiful pool and jacuzzi surrounded by huge rhodedendrons. The rooms are huge and it's right across from the airport with round the clock shuttles. Book through hotwire and get the $100 room for half price.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great experience We stayed in this hotel in October of 2004. We were in a great suite in the tower. Our suite was very large, with two bathrooms, one with a big jacuzzi tub, plenty big enough for two, and one off the bedroom area. When you walked in the door to your right was a wetbar and a large kitchen sort of area, keep walking and you come to a dining table for about 4 people. Next you come to a living room with a sleeper sofa, coffee table and chair, a television in an armoire and next to that a desk and chair. There was a seperate sleeping area with its own TV armoire and chair. The suite was on the corner of the building with a view of the planes taking off from the bedroom and a view of a lake and the elevators from the living/dining room. The whole suite had no outside walls, just windows and a wrap around, good sized balcony. We were very satisified with the suite, and the service we received. The cookies upon check-in were a very nice treat. At only $150.00 or so we found it to be an excellent deal, and the clerk at the front desk waived the parking charge for us when we inquired about it. We found the best price was the net direct rate at Doubletree.com, however if you get that rate it is charged immediatly and non-refundable. We liked it so much that we are going back in April.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PlateMan
<Content>Yuck Not the best of hotels. I was in one of the wings. Hotel is old and visably unappealing. It says its on 35 acres, but they literally use all that area. Parking gates to get in and out of lot. Very big hotel, not very good hotel though. If I returned to Seattle, I would most likely skip this place.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jellypooh
<Content>Worst experience This was a horrible place to stay. We stayed in September and had the worse time. We check in with no problems, but we go to our room after visitng some sites, we had no heat (a low of 35 was in order for the evening), we had no hot water, and wet carpet. We complained when we checked out (which they were going to charge us more), but nothing was done. I ended up writing the corporate offices who ended up giving us the room for free. I guess it made up for our bad stay and our cancelled flight home.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLM990022
<Content>Go for the tower rooms! I stayed here on November 7-8, 2004. When I read the previous reviews, I asked if my reservation was for a wing or a tower room. It was for a wing room but the reservation staff courteously changed it to a tower room. Access to the tower is by external glass elevators. My room was large, quiet and had a small balcony. There was a stain on the carpet but otherwise it was clean and well maintained. The room was equipped with a coffee maker, iron  ironing board and blow dryer and there were 2 sinks - one inside the bathroom and one outside. The room did not have a refrigerator or microwave; the high speed internet connection in the room cost about $10. There is no complimentary breakfast; there is a coffee shop and an espresso bar that also sells yogurt, bagels and pastries. The hotel has a complimentary airport shuttle that runs every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day. I was attending a large conference held at the hotel. My co-workers with wing rooms said they were 'okay' and they heard some noise from neighboring rooms. The wing hallways had a damp smell. One wing building was closed for renovation.All staff were very courteous and helpful. For me the location worked well since I was attending events at the hotel and didn't have to rent a car to get there. If I had transportation and didn't have events at the hotel, I would look a few miles away for a better buy for the money.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old but still nice Just stayed at the Doubletree at Seatac and was a little apprehensive based on the reviews contained here. However, there was no need to worry. I stayed in the tower and the room, while in need of some updating, was clean, spacious, and very comfortable. I did have a problem with the telephone and it was quickly fixed by the maintenance department. I had no other problems at this hotel and would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs work This hotel disappointed. As a Doubletree, I expected a GOOD three star property for my stay on August 27, 2004. What I found was rather run down and shabby. We were told we had a great view of the lake from our room. There was no lake visible. The bathroom was dirty and stained. Carpet was old as were the other furnishings.Coffee shop service was horrible. Waited forever to be seated and there were only 3 others in the place. Waitress never brought the items we requested and the order was askew. We had to go searching for our check to pay it. This Doubletree is very tired, and more like a 2 star property than a 3 star. It looks nice on the outside,, but inside it is very shabby and used.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old Doubletree in Seattle   showReview(2606683, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Additional Parking Fee!!!   showReview(2522353, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pay for what you get...   showReview(2457603, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris_schene
<Content>Shabby and run down, slow service   showReview(2217018, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a good evening   showReview(2159107, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lawahoo2001
<Content>If you stay here, request a room in the 'tower' (the new wing)   showReview(1872076, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doubletree Seattle Airport - Great Place.   showReview(1832479, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbeatable price   showReview(1742628, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shabby Digs   showReview(1270088, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flygirltoo
<Content>Wonderful stay   showReview(1213365, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11665100, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

