<Author>alexanderrrr
<Content>Decent, but not fantastic Stayed there for our first night in Barcelona. The location is great if you want to walk on Las Ramblas and the room was ok, although rather small for the double room. No shampoo in the room, but we asked at the receiption and got one. Our room was facing a narrow side street, so we hope it would not be so noisy. Still some late night/early morning party right under our window woke us up at 3am :( The hotel has some signs of luxurious past, but some better soundproof windows would certainly help to bring back clients.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jennykenny
<Content>A room with a view and nothing else. The room itself was fine, but talk about scrimping - no mini bar or fridge, one blanket  pillow per person, no cushions, no notepaper, one hard wooden chair for two adults, (when I explained to reception that we liked to spend time reading on holiday and could we please have two comfy chairs - they sent another hard wooden one), no toiletries except the minimum soap and shower gel, one toilet roll, no toilet brush (did they think we were going to steal it), and towels were definitely not in the luxury class.There was no sound proofing and while it was great to be overlooking Las Ramblas (I imagine that's what we paid 160 euros a night for - no breakfast) it was annoying to be kept awake all night by the crowds below.No bar in the hotel, and the reception never, ever reply to emails. No matter how many times we emailed or phoned (we both speak Spanish) we couldn't get a final confirmation of our booking.Pleasant English guy on reception - Nicholas - but not a place we will ever go back to.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>juggy2020
<Content>Boys Pissup Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend. Services, Staff and food were very good! Also had a room with balcony and AC which was excellent.Only qualms where that being in such a elite location within the city, prices were very high for drinks and food. By vernturing out a few hundred metres from the town can save you a lot of money.If you can afford it, i would reccomend the hotel!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimiK100
<Content>Not bad at all Stayed here for a weekend, booked online direct with hotel. Went with a few mates (about 10 of us). The rooms are tiny, really really small and my room was overlooking La Ramblas and there was no double glazing so it was like sleeping on the street, we didn't care really as we got in late both nights. Can't remember how much we paid but it wasn't too much and they were friendly enough. The hotel seemed really quiet which is good for lads weekends so you don't get many complaints if you come in late. Don't eat on ramblas though, crap food  really expensive. Recommend the hotel for a weekend away where you just want to lay your head. Barcelona is a great spot, really recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>One4travel
<Content>Ideal location on the Ramblas near the port and most sights! Having been to Barcelona several times in the past, we knew we wanted to stay on the Ramblas. In a city as popular and often visited by tourists as Barcelona, the Husa Oriente is a reasonably priced hotel . It is an excellent choice for a pre-cruise stay, as its location is very near to the port and within easy access to Barcelona's many sights, like the Gothic Quarter.We booked a room on a high floor to help isolate ourselves somewhat from the ongoing noise of the busy Ramblas, so my husband and I had no difficulty sleeping without earplugs. Although not fancy, our room was clean and the air conditioner worked perfectly. We also found the Oriente's staff to be very helpful. We started each of our days of sightseeing with a full stomach after enjoying our free hot buffet breakfast in the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Becky999
<Content>Nice enough I agree with the other reviews, and reiterate that if you do book this hotel, then please take some ear plugs. The noise on La Ramblas is 24/7, and the balcony doors do not do a good job of blocking the noise out. But with earplugs I had a good nights sleep every night I stayed at the hotel.The Hotel is in a fantastic position, close to all the restaurants and bars. The metro is very close. I suggest buying the Barcelona card or a similar travel card, giving you the option to travel around without the hassle of having to pay for tickets at cash machines. The Metro is fantastic, with trains that seem to run every two minutes.Be careful when walking on the Ramblas. Due to the huge number of tourists in this area, the pickpockets do lurk around the streets. The time to be most vigilant is when looking at the Street Entertainers. I noticed many pickpockets looking for their next victims in the crowds that congregated around the Human Statues. Do not let the pickpockets put you off, but please be aware of who is around you in this area.The hotel is comfortably furnished. I was especially glad of the Air Conditioning. The rooms are kept very clean.If you are looking for a place to eat or drink, then walk off the Ramblas. The prices on the Ramblas are vastly inflated.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>travelingicon
<Content>Great but don"t expect a bellboy to help you. The hotel was okay. the room was right on the las ramblas. it was fun. the place seemed clean,too. the staff however were not so friendly. when we got there we had to move a bellhop out of the way so we could get in the door. not once did he stop his smoking and ask to help us. too bad, we tip really well. the same happened to us as we were leaving. maybe no one ever told them that a bellhop's job was to assist the hotel guest with their luggage , etc..  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	3	1	1	

<Author>tolsty
<Content>perfect location Weve been in Oriente 2 nights on September. Perfect location. Nice simple rooms. All the rooms was renovated this year. Very comfy beds (but just better ask for an extra pillow). Yes, it is noisy.Wouldnt recomend a breakfast in the hotel. Its lovely to have your cafe on Ramblas. But realy - just cafe. As about propal meal - Ramblas offer terrible service and bad food. Try Tapas bar Bilbao in Piazza Nuova (not far from the hotel) and absolutly lovely Oysters Bar Vildsvin in Ferran street, 38 (3 min. walking).  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>saby92
<Content>Great Location This hotel was incredible location, right on La Rambla. Basically, you stepped out the front door and their ws the entire night scene in front of you. Also right in front of the Liceu metro station. The room was great - very clean and the bathroom was large. The room was also air conditions. Noise was not a factor during our stay - it was on our minds after reading other reviews but it was truly not loud wastsoever (other than normal city sounds in the middle of the night). Hotel staff was great - very polite and were truly there to help. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone - it is incredible located.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lucky1adrastus
<Content>Too expensive, too few amenities We stayed at the El Oriente for in one of the front rooms. The price was extremely steep, more than twice what we payed for a larger room with kitchen in Salamanca, and even 20 euros more than the larger room we booked in Central Madrid.The air conditioner barely worked. After a shower, the room was a sauna for hours.They charge extra for everything. Breakfast was an absured 15 euro per person buffet. Internet is 10 euros extra a night! (It was free in all our other hotels in Spain). Laundry is simply extortionate. We couldn't find a local lavanderia which was open in August, so we had the hotel do one load of landry. It would have cost us $1.75 in the US to do oursevles (or 7 euros at the drop-off laundry we found in Madrid). They charged us 108 euros. A markup of well over a 1000%! The front desk staff mostly speak English and are polite, but surprisingly unknowledgable and lacking in initiaitive. More often than not, I saw a guest asking questioins about the city, only to get a blank response, and then another guest would give them advice.Oh, and a note for honeymooners. The best rooms all have twin beds, not doubles.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>joannewilde
<Content>Location Location Location Came for a week, could have stayed a lifetime!The location is right on Las Rambla, 2 min walk to nearest Subway station and a nice 5-10 min walk to the port area.It was the perfect location to walk anywhere in the city! Could have not asked for more!Hotel was clean, staff were very nice! Didn't eat in the hotel, so can't comment (however I believe its expensive)- We tended to stay off the restaurants on Las Rambla, as all were quite expensive, we would walk down the little streets and find more local bars and restaurants which were much cheaper, better quantity and quality!The ONLY problem we had with the hotel (due to the location) is the noise on a night. We were staying in one of the rooms down the side of the hotel, and even though we went to bed at about midnight, the noise and crowds on las Rambla continued til 2-3am! also we were right above where the hotels bins were, anfdthey got collected early in the morning. So my suggestion is, take ear plugs!!!!!!!!Tip: Go on the Barcelona Sight-Seeing busses, I think it was about 拢15 for a 2 day pass, and tey took you to 30+ places in the city, including Sagarda Famillia, Park Guell, the barcelona Football stadium and the Olympic village!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>HollyG1
<Content>Don't expect help in case of emergency I am sorry to say I can, in no way, recommend this hotel. My boyfriend and I had been very much looking forward to a trip to Barcelona and the Husa Oriente looked like a reasonably comfortable, suitably located place to stay.Unfortunately, within 3 hours of arriving in the city, I'd been attacked and robbed by two men on a motorbike. I'd read the safety advice regarding the city and had taken precautions. Nonetheless, the incident happened and the fact that an attack like this could happen at 4pm in the centre of the city was a shock - I've lived and travelled across Europe for years and have never experienced anything like it.Somehow we made our way back to the hotel, to find out about the location of the hospital and the police station. We also needed to find out contact details for my mobile phone company, so my phone could be blocked from use by the thieves.Unfortunately, the staff on duty at the desk were entirely unhelpful and uncaring and we received no aid. As a result, there was a considerable delay (hours) in being able to get treatment , report the incident to the police and to have my mobile phone blocked by the mobile company.I was in a great deal of pain - my arm had to be strapped up and I am unable to return to work before September. We were both in a state of shock.In spite of all this, while the incident took place at 4pm, we were unable to stop and try to recover until after midnight.The following morning, we checked out. Different staff were on duty at reception. The young man at reception my boyfriend spoke to clearly knew about the incident the previous day. He said how sorry he was, said to let him know if there was anything he could do to help. The charge for the few minutes I had needed to phone the Card Protection company, which I was able to do by 11pm the previous evening, was waived. If this had been the approach of the staff on duty the previous day, at the point of emergency, when help was desperately needed, this could have been a very different review indeed.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>SurreyTraveller58
<Content>Second Time Around ... Stayed at The Oriente several years back (before it was a Husa, I think) so decided to have a bit of an homage on this weekend trip in July. Bang in the middle of everything, so full marks for location ... easy access to most things and plenty of eating choices on the Ramblas. Beware though - restaurants on the Ramblas can be very pricey ... two course dinner (not that great a dinner either) with half a bottle of red wine was 鈧?4 - that's about GBP60. Ouch! Our room was modern, fresh and clean. It was very quiet as it faced the rear of the property, so no Ramblas rabble to keep you awake at night. The down side of course, is no wonderful view ... we looked out at a brick wall. Hey ho ....Overall I'd recommend The Orient, but avoid the overpriced buffet breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>CarrinaCornwall
<Content>Perfect- would go back My sister and I stayed here in May, went to Barcelona for a short weekend and the Hotel was great for what we wanted. Bang in the middle of everything! We didn't find the rooms too noisy and ours directly looked over Ramlas. (Could be due to the fact we were tired from site-seeing and ahd a few vinos!)Rooms were clean and light. Staff were pleasant. Breakfast I felt could have been better though.Over the road from the hotel there's a little street that opens up onto the a huge square, make sure you check that out and restaurants there are good too. Also recommend the indoor market just a few blocks away, great for grabbing fresh fruit for lunch.Would def go back x  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Barcelona24
<Content>Great Location The location at the Husa was great. 10min walk to the port. The staff spoke English and was friendly. We had a triple room the fit three people well. Of course if three women are traveling together with 1 bathroom that might be a challenge. Our room had a balcony facing Ramblas. It is definitely loud but not to the point where I could not sleep. I traveled with my girlfriend who is a light sleeper and she managed just fine. If you are a light sleeper you might consider ear plugs. The only compliant I had with hotel was the A/C broke the first night we were there. It never really worked again during our stay (1 week) and our room was hot. If you are the type of traveler who spends the majority of there stay in the hotel meaning you don鈥檛 like to venture out, I would suggest another place. If you view a hotel room as a place to lay your head and shower then this place is perfect. It is very clean. As a side note 鈥?Ramblas is a tourist trap鈥?everything is way over priced. Head off Ramblas towards the Cathedral of Barcelona and you will find much better food that is less expensive.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jenjavitis
<Content>A good home base for exploring Barcelona The location was fantastic - right in the heart of the Ramblas, but before it gets (too) seedy. It's in walking distance to some wonderful sights from the port to some of the great Gaudi houses. My room was comfortable and larger than some other rooms I had in Spain but I will agree with other reviewers that it was very plain - no flair at all. While it's true you don't go to Barcelona to look at the inside of a hotel room, a little refresh seems to be due. The ventilation was loud, but at least my room faced a back street and was quiet. They do have very helpful staff at the front desk and there was an Internet computer (extra fee) just off the lobby which was great for pre-flight checkin. When you get back from a day exploring, there are umpteen places to eat and drink just outside the door.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>alexa1973
<Content>Not so happy Good location but extremely noisy. Be ready not to sleep at all, because it鈥檚 situation in the middle of the Barcelona busiest street with non-stop celebration. Clean dining room. Rooms themselves are small and basics. No fridge. No English speaking TV. Don鈥檛 forget your own shampoo.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>shellbelle21
<Content>Great location and value My husband and I have just come back from a three night stay at the Oriente in Barcelona, and thought for a three star hotel, the hotel was perfect. Rooms were basic, but clean and laundry changed by the maids daily. We stayed in a room at the front of the hotel overlooking the Ramblas, and although there was noise, we were so shattered from all the walking and sightseeing we did, it didn't make any difference, and was nice to look out and do a bit of people watching!Girls - just to let you know, there is only one mirror which is in the bathroom....if you're anything like me, that's really annoying when there's two of you trying to get ready!! Would def recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hairy_Traveller
<Content>Awful Room on the front overlooking ramblas - noisy as anything - no sleep - no double glazing - very bad.Average hotel at bestRamblas was hideous - full of tourists and cheap mime actsBarcelona was one huge disappointment - no buzz no nightlife - I'd rather go to Bognor than Barca - its overhyped and abysmal.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>London018
<Content>Triple Room, March 2008       Triple room  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>blacktulip2810
<Content>very basic and noisey Stayed in the Oriente for easter weekend break,hotel was clean and in a good location if you dont mind all night noise. Room was very basic by 3 star standard more like a two star.There was no bar area as such to sit and have a drink in the evening and rooms have no english tv channels at all not even world news. Rooms do not have any tea making facilities or fridge and the metro runs right underneath the hotel causing light fittings to shake .Avoid rooms on the side of hotel by bins and bottle recycling bins as they are emptied really late one night at 1 in the morning . Our room was 106 avoid this.Breakfast is poor mainly cold meat , cheese and various rolls there was a very small hot container with under cooked bacon and cocktail sausages of some sort no fried eggs ,beans ,mushrooms anything like that.When i go away we usually go 4 star but picked this hotel because of the location i will not be making the same mistake again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bmoe
<Content>We loved it This is a great hotel. It can be noisy at night but it is right on the Ramblas a great spot for sightseing. - take some ear plugs just in case. We had two triple and one double room. All very clean. Beds very comfortable. Friendly reception staff. Breakfast was very nice. Don't miss the dancing fountains in Espana square. They are simple fountains during the day, but around 7 pm music plays all around the square and the water starts 'dancing' creating colours and emotions.The show is only on fridays and saturdays 7 pm to 9 pm.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lcsn18
<Content>fantastic!!!!!!!!! as a travel agent, i am able to look at various different sources for accommodation and after in depth research i decided on this one for me and my family. ROOMS i booked a double and a triple. the rooms were fantastic with a very modern and minimalistic feel to them, both were very spacious and had a small typical balcony over looking the ramblas. a few people have complained about the noise but what do you expect staying in the very centre of the main street of a very big city!!!LOCATIONthe hotel is fantastic as it is right in the middle of the ramblas and virtually everything is within walking distance. there are your typical tapas bars but a mix of everything else, italian, seafood, fast food and much more. it is worth paying that little bit more and staying at this hotel.a tip for getting to the attractions a bit further out is to go to the end of the ramblas by the port and go to the information desk to buy a bus touristic pass. its 20euros for one day and 26 euros for two days. its a open roof double decker bus and it has 3 routes which you can get on and off at all day. it takes you to places such as sagrada familia and Barcelonas football stadium Camp Nou.along with the pass you get a map, discount booklet and some headphones which you plug into your seat on the bus and it tells you what your looking at as you go round the city.i loved the city and the whole atmosphere and will 100% be returning. any questions just ask.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dillon71
<Content>Great choice! but take ear plugs :-)       facade  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Gillo
<Content>Lovely hotel -Very noisey. My husband and i have just returned having stayed at the Oriente24/2/08- 27/02.08.We found the hotel to be in a perfect location, you can walk everywhere.Room was big and spotless.We had breakfast at the hotel cost 14 euros found it to be very substancial .Now the down side sorry.Please ask for a room at the back we had a side room found it to be very loud in the nights woken up often by people shouting outside on La Ramblas.We never have trouble sleeping ,this time we did.When we booked we thought they had a lounge that you could enjoy a drink of an evening it was closed bar man on holiday so if you want a bar go else where.I don't think we would revisit this hotel due to the noise factor.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>QueenslandEmma
<Content>Amazing surprise - great location!       View from the balcony overlooking La Rambla  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BeckyPhillips05
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My husband and I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel. We had a fantastic time. The hotel was very grand looking, the rooms very clean. Bathroom was good size and also clean. Staff very friendly. Would definately recommend this hotel to friends and would return to this hotel if we visit Barcelona again. The hotel itself is approx 10 minute walk down la rambla. Lots of good restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Guido62
<Content>Great Place To Stay Stopped at The Husa Oriente 11/01/08-13/01/08 for a nice weekend break. This hotel is in the perfect place for access to the RAMBLAS  surrounding area. The rooms are very clean  functional. The Breakfast was all fresh  enough to get some calories on board for a good day out...would certainly recommend staying here again...but get a room at the rear of the hotel as the Ramblas can be noisey...  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J-Jo-Designs
<Content>Central, adequate, spotlessly clean.       Plaster at window frame  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>charliechops99
<Content>Second stay here and still great! I stayed here a few years a go when I came to Barcelona with a group of my girlfriends and thought the hotel was great then. Been to Barcelona five times now and have stayed in apartments the other times but thought I would give the Oriente another try. It didn't dissapoint! The hotel has been recently refurbished and is alot more modern than before, but it has still retained its charm. The reception staff were very cheery, polite and helpful and we all had a giggle with them when we checked in! We had booked 3 rooms as 6 of us were travelling. Two couples wanted rooms overlooking the Ramblas and one couple wanted a quiet room at the back and they immediately accommodated us - it was no problem at all. The ramblas rooms were the refurbished rooms and the back room was in the older style of room, but still very nice and much bigger than the Ramblas rooms! We were all very happy with our rooms (albeit the Ramblas rooms were very small) and found them to be very comfortable and clean. The bathrooms are a bit sparce and clinical, but hey! you only wash, shower etc in them anyway! We had a safe, hairdryer, TV and controllable heating in all the rooms. The Ramblas rooms are noisy but to us it adds to the atmosphere of being in such a great location in such a great city! The room at the back was indeed quiet, so if you are a light sleeper book one of those! Breakfast was fine - everything available, not gourmet but perfectly acceptable! All in all this is great hotel in a fabulous location and it is very good value for money. I personally am very glad I stayed there again and my family all really liked it too - we are planning another trip next year and will certainly look to stay at the Oriente again!Here are some good places to eat and fun bars to go to - BILBAO BERRIA - Great tapas restaurant in the square by the cathedral. Yum!LA GAVINA RESTAURANT - Wonderful food infact it was fabulous! Not cheap but worth every penny. In Palau del Mar, Port Vell.CAL PINXO - Next to La Gavina and just as good!IRATI - Another tapas restaurant off of Las Ramblas down a side street that I cant remember - tasty!BOSC DE LES FADES - Really fun, fairytale bar! Well worth a visit just for the experience! Turn right by the Wax Musuem.OLYMPIC PORT - Good night out if you are in a lively mood! Loads of bars, clubs and restaurants. Some of the restaurants are not too good so beware! One good one here is REY DE LA GAMBA.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ducati100ds
<Content>Great location, not hospitable, not comfortable, not cheap. Not great. Based on reviews we asked for a room at the back. It was not so much that it was not available - they just did not care, we booked on the hotel web-site so you would expect the request to get through.We booked and paid for a family room - no it was not! It was a regular double with a sofa bed - all the beds were more or less touching - there were no other chairs in the room.Also- weird - no shelves and only one table - the room looked like it had been burgled.Three simple requests to the staff for information were handled with indifference - they have a lot of package tours going through there, don't think they care.We were on the first floor - at the front, cheap windows didn't fit so the tip [thank you] from another trip advisor to take ear plugs was a real gift, if the beds had not been so uncomfortable - we would have slept ok.The location is great - but there are better, cheaper hotels in the area.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>MaidstoneHelena
<Content>Great hotel My friend and I stayed for 2 nights here and we both thought it was a great hotel.The situation was perfect - about 6 mins from the harbour, very close to the Gothic Quarter, in the centre of the bustling city and close by for the open top bus tours.We had a twin room on the second floor and it was very spacious, a lovely shower and was spotless. It was cleaned on our full day there.The staff were a great help and spoke excellent English. They provided us with a map and pointed out the best places to stay. Would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HeyLTD
<Content>Highly recommended We visited as part of a bicycling group of 22. Fantastic location in the middle of the Ramblas, clean rooms, great breakfast, very helpful staff. Ask for a room that does not overlook the Ramblas if you are a light sleeper - the party goes on all night out there!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>World_Traveler_TV
<Content>Great time in Oriente We are a young couple and we stayed in the hotel for 3 nights.The staff was very kind. The rooms were very clean and comfortable.At our last night we were given the choice to stay in the junior suit and we were the first to use it (it was brand new) and we loved it!And of course, the location is ideal.We will visit there again!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SaharahF
<Content>Fantastic Hotel ! I stayed in this hotel with my sister for four nights in September.All the staff where extremely helpful and couldn't have been nicer.Our room was massive and situated on the first floor. The balcony looked out on to La Rambla which was great for watching the colourful mix of people passing by. It was quite noisey in the early hours of the morning but the double glazed doors do work a treat.However if you are a very light sleeper then I would ask the staff for a room at the back or side of the hotel.The room had been recently renovated and was very modern and chic.The bathroom was a great size and the whole place was immaculately clean.The breakfast room in the mornings was always very busy but a wide range or hot and cold food is avaliable until 11am.The location is perfect for first time visitors to the city as all amenities and tourist information is at your doorstep. Don't be afraid to explore though. La Rambla like most major city centers can be very over priced for even simple things like bottled water. The pavement cafes and resturants are more expensive here than in most places in the city center.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TC.BM
<Content>Very central location - which does have its pitfalls Was booked to stay at a different hotel, however moved to Hotel Oriente.Staff were OK, check in alright, room was on the side of the building, however very noisy until the wee hours. The window did not close properly, until 'wedged' which helped a little.Staff were unable to move us, as having people moved to the hotel from other our original boking.The location is great, which comes with its downfalls.Breakfast OK.Generally a good hotel, which benefits from a good location, but be aware that this means noise!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>emmakersey
<Content>Friendly, low cost  Popped to Barcelona for 3 days during our summer hols. Thought this hotel was great. Fab location, right on La Rambla, easy access for open top bus, metro etc. The hotel was spotless, rooms of a very good standard for the price, breakfast was great too (several helpings!) The stafff could not have been more accomodating and friendly and spoke very good English too! To save a few Euros, drink in the bar area, it is about 20% cheaper than the seats on La Rambla. When you fed up of listening to the hub-ub going into the night, shut the windows and put the a/c on! Loved it, would go again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>donnyroo
<Content>very central, very clean I have just stayed in this hotel, 20 mins in a taxi from airport. It is in the main street of Las Ramblas surrounded by entertainment.. cannot beat the location. its noisy on a night time .. but i would definately recommend it. Very clean, Very private, no hassle .. an overall excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>Merly21
<Content>Excellent location Stayed at Husa Oriente from 13-16.7.07 with my two friends. We had a triple room which was very spacious with a huge bathroom. Both the bedroom and bathroom were spotlessly clean. We hadn't booked breakfast so cant comment on the food. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were able to leave our cases at the hotel until we returned to collect them en route to the airport. The location was great - right on La Rambla so convenient for everything. However - and this was the only downside - the noise in the night from outside was terrible - mostly drunken, noisy folks roaming about which went on til the very early hours, so I would recommend earplugs! Our room was at the rear so I dont know how noisy it would have been at the front! Very enjoyable overall and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thebestforless
<Content>Does in a pinch Right on Las Ramblas, this hotel is conveniently located. If you value quiet, ask for an old room at the back, if you prefer style, ask for a modern room overlooking Las Ramblas. Be forewarned, the revelry continues through the wee hours. If you want both, stay off Las Ramblas. The staff was extremely accommodating, except for one desk clerk that we referred to as the burro. The rooms were clean and the location was pretty good. We were able to walk to Sagrada Familia as well as the Marina. The primary attraction is that they were able to accommodate a family of four in a quad. The room offerred two twin beds and a pull-out sofa. That having been said, we will stay at another location next time, just to experience another part of the city. The sights, sounds and tastes of Barcelona are wonderful! I encourage you to taste a authentic paella, gazapcho and sangria. Tour La Sagrada Familia (awe inspiring), the Picasso Museum, the Aquarium (for kids), and the gothic center. Viva Barcelona!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Mariako
<Content>Nothing special except the location Excellent location in the middle of everything in Barcelona. Good breakfast and everything was clean and tidy! Spacious room but a lot of noise! Nothing special regarding room decoration. If I visit Barcelona again I may stay somewhere else, just for change!   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Markthemover
<Content>No problems, great location. Stayed here for 4 nights with 2 friends. We had a triple room, consisting of two singles and a sofa bed. This wasnt a problem for us as we were only there for the weekend. The room was large, with ample space and was clean. as was the bathroom. Free safe too! The room was serviced each day which i cant say about a lot of hotels in europe! Our room was located on the 4th floor facing out onto the ramblas, If you intednt to spend a lot of time in the room or have early nights then this may not be the best location for you as the noise was fairly bad and was evident all through the night. But if you want to be in the centre of everything then it doesnt get much better. Never had any problems, with staff or lifts etc. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ciana12
<Content>Clean and decent hotel This hotel was recommended to us for the location and the cleaniness. It was very clean and the location great, but for the price, it wasn't worth the money. Staff was friendly, but not too accommodating. The hotel is still going through renovations on the outside, so you do hear some work going on. It wasn't too bad for us though, because we were there on the weekend and during the feast of St.Jordi. Our room was not situated along the Ramblas, so we didn't hear too much pedestrian noise. The only thing that really bothered me about this hotel was that the shower was small and there was nowhere to put your soap, shampoo, etc.. Also, the screen that closes off the shower does not prevent water from soaking up the bathroom floor. Yes, they do have a hairdryer and it also has a room safe, unlike what others have said previously. The free breakfast buffet was good and plentiful. If I'm ever in Barcelona again, I would defitnitely look into another hotel, if only to experience something different. If you are not going to be spending all of your time in your room, then this is all you'll need.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jimbob72
<Content>Perfectly acceptable I agree with the last reviewer - and not with the majority of others. The hotel is absolutely fine as a 3*. Clean, well designed rooms (albeit a bit small - but not surprising for the location), comfortable beds, hot shower, stylish furniture and brilliant location. Don't worry about the noise from La Rambla as the double glazing is very effective. Very helpful reception staff who all spoke English to a certain degree and a restaurant and bar in-house.Would not hesitate to stay here again when in Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joanne&Scott
<Content>Had no problems with this hotel at all When I first booked this hotel I was dreading arriving after reading the previous results.I don't know where these people were staying who said it was basic, the t.v. didn't work, the shower was broke. People made it sound like a run down hotel.I had no problems whatsoever. The rooms were clean, had plenty of storage, the t.v. and shower worked. The towels were changed each day and your bed was made.The room was a standard hotel room, if you want more than a 3* then pay for a 5*. The location was great, in the heart of everything. If you wish to stay on the main street there is bound to be some degree of noise, but in my opinion it was not an issue.All the employees spoke English, were helpful and polite.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnnyLegg
<Content>The Worst Hotel Experience of my Life This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. For starters no one spoke English at check-in. We were delayed 4 hours at check-in because the one elevator this hotel had was broken (but because we were told this in Spanish it made for a very stressful beginning).Finally the room - they say this is an old monestary with charm - not. The rooms are tiny tiny tiny cookie cutter minimal rooms. They give you a tiny bar of soap and that's it. No drawers, no heat, a room the size of a bathroom and noise going on because you are in the middle of hell. Mimes galore and crazy people in the streets 24/7.And for an extra added attraction, they change your room card to another room so you cannot get back into your disgusting room and have to go downstairs twice (and wish you could kick the door twice) to get back into your freezing room.If you want a miserable time - and I mean you'll do anything not to go to your room, check this hotel out.Johnny Legg  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Rob_53E
<Content>Very Basic Hotel (it has beds), Good Location We booked 2 family rooms (each with 4 beds) on Expedia for 2 nights. When we got to the hotel, they downgraded one of the rooms to 2 beds even though we had paid the supplement on Expedia. We wanted two large rooms as we were travelling with my parents and we wanted to have flexibility as to where the kids were going to sleep.The service at reception was minimal, and when we got out of the lift we were presented with a building site with thick dust in the air and cardboard on the floors. The one family room we did get was in a great place on the front of the building with two balconies overlooking the Ramblas. My parents got a tiny room at the back of the building.The pictures on Expedia are much grander than the real thing. This hotel is nothing more than a basic hotel and I don't know how it gets it 3 star rating. The breakfast room is not big enough when the hotel is busy and we found that we had to hang around to find a spare table. On both days we had to squat at a dirty one until someone came and cleared it. On the second day there was a shortage of staff (and food) and the manager seemed to be more worried about replacing the broken light bulbs (when the restaurant was bursting full) rather than feeding the guests.When I asked for the key to the minibar at reception, I got told I couldn't have it because of the Expedia rate I was on. I didn't understand the logic here as I've yet to come across a minibar that is all inclusive - so we went out and bought some water instead!The hotel is in a good location but that is about it. Would not stay at this place again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>VanessasMom
<Content>Not worth the money What I'd read about booking rooms in Barcelona far in advance was right.. We booked a room at this hotel because it was one of the few available in the city due to our late booking - 3 weeks before we were to go. In comparison to others we saw, $200 for the night here was not a good value. The room itself was below average in furnishings and lighting but the real problem was the reception desk staff. One example was our difficulty with operating the electric monitor in our room. We've traveled extensively in Europe but had never encountered one of these things that requires your room key to turn the lights on AND keep them on. Even with my husband's fairly good Spanish, they couldn't seem to understand that we didn't know how to turn on the lights in our room - I can't believe we were the first guests to have a question about them. It finally took another guest we met in the elevator to show us what to do.That being said, the breakfast buffet was very good and would be good for groups traveling together.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Fabricio
<Content>Check your room first We booked the hotel on internet hoping we would get the room. Hoping, because we first phoned and had been told that there were no rooms free. But on the internet we managed to get one. We made a reservation for the best room so the most expensive one. When we got there the receptionest (he could be more client-friendly) gave us a room you couldnot even turn your back and which was much less than we expected. We went back to the receptionist but he said that there was no other room available. We wouldnot accept that and after some arguement he suddenly find us another room. This was bigger and more what we expected but not really. Ther was no telphone, TV broken, no seats and table no hairdryer and nothing to put your toiletthings on. We didnot want to argue anymore because the receptionist was not so polite and overall the location is great. The ballroom is in renovation so you will see nothing of the beaty of the hotel...the price is the same.Execpt af one receptionist and the hotelmanager all the other employees were very polite and nice.It is a clean hotel without the eye for detailles, a staff that need a better manager and first-receptionist and the rates are too high.It is a hotel with a 2 star service and 4 star prices. The location really is great but there are way enough other hotels in the neighbourhood.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>MBidel
<Content>What A Shame! We have just returned from a long weekend in Barcelona. We went with friends and there were 2 couples travelling. The hotel was booked directly in August - confirmed and all hotel required information given including credit card info etc.Having started our trip at 4am and finally arriving at the hotel at 11.30am we were looking forward to checking in, freshening up and finally seeing what Barcelona had to offer. Unfortunately the hotel had other ideas, they had cancelled our booking with no notification and given our rooms instead to other guests who had paid before arrival. It took 2 hours for them to book another hotel (not on the Ramblas - but 15 minutes from the centre - try 25!) and the receptionist's attitude of I've done you a favour by booking another hotel, didn't help!Becareful if you book direct and keep all your confirmation documents with you (not that it helped us!)He booked us into a sister hotel which was very nice but because of my husband's knee injury was unsuitable due to its location.Barcelona was fantastic - we'd go again - and even though Hotel Oriente is well placed I'd book another Ramblas hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucy Demi
<Content>Bit disappointed by Oriente I stayed at the Oriente with my husband on a very busy weekend at the beginning of September. We struggled to get a hotel because of a large conference going on. All hotels were either fully booked (we started to try and book in March) or charging a premium. We picked the Oriente because we knew where it was, having been to Barcelona several times before, and it seemed to be the best of what was left, we did pay much more than the usual rate. The hotel has been undergoing some refurbishment, and we apparantly had one of the refurbished rooms. On arriving, the reception staff did the basics but no more. It might have been useful to know where the lifts were and that to get to the 3rd floor you have to take the 2nd lift along. Service with a grunt I'm afraid.The room was quite small and the bathroom initially looked quite swish. We had no bath, just a shower, but the design was ridiculous in that the quite powerful shower (with an already broken hose) was trying to be contained by a small glass screen, no wider than a foot. Whenever we had a shower we had to take the loo roll out of the room because the whole room got soaked, and we spent much of our time mopping the floor. This was not designed to be a wet room!!There was no safe in the room. (I still have no idea why, after we'd checked in and the room was fully made up, the maid let herself into our room early evening - we were having a siesta and so she exited fast with no explanation. It was not as though there was a turn-down service!)The breakfast room was okay, would have benefited from a bit of natural light, food was usual continental buffet, nothing too special.I can say the hotel was clean and everything worked, but it was nothing special.Location was central  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Nubiangyrl
<Content>Beware of Husa Oriente!!! This hotel is located on Las Ramblas in the heart of Barcelona, Spain. For women traveling alone or in groups, beware! The location is not the best for female travelers. The hotel did not live up to it's three-star rating. Let's put it this way...my traveling companions and I moved the dresser in front of the door to block it. It was the only way of giving us the slightest bit of security. If the pistachio colored walls patched with duct tape isn't warning enough for you, let me share that one of my traveling companions is now battling with a case of bed bugs most likely picked up at this hotel. Do your homework before selecting any hotel on Las Ramblas and I definitely would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fordmunch
<Content>Very Reasonable Had a great stay at the Husa Oriente. We booked at the last minute through Expedia so weren't sure what we were getting. We were pleasently surprised by the size and cleanliness of the rooms. The bathroom was particularly good with great bath towels and a very large bath.Hotel is right on Ramblas so of course there is some noise but you expect that with the great location.Cost was part of a package with Expedia so not sure on the break down but estimate it to be around $150 Aus per night which was the best value for money we had all holiday.Would recommend to young people travelling to Barcelona as is on main street and within walking distance to the beach.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unmet expectations My husband and I decided on this hotel because of all the good reviews we read about it and the prime location. When we checked into the room, we realized it was not what we read about at all. We had paid over $250 a night only to find that the room was small and looks unfinished because of the plastering on the ceiling. Telephone was not working. TV was not working. Hot water was inconsistent when showering. There was no hair dryer. I should also mention that we were shocked when someone unlocked and walked into our room. We later learned that the receptionist had made a mistake and assigned the same room twice. That perhaps was an honest mistake on the part of the receptionist and we can accept that. However, when we reported the problems to the front desk, the receptionist was very rude. He was not apologetic at all for all the inconveniences. The gentleman who came to look at the TV and eventually changed the TV, however, was very courteous and helpful. He helped us call the taxi and carry the luggage out on our last day there.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Surfingh2o
<Content>Very good Location (very friendly Staff) We stayed for one night (24/06/06). The room was at the rear of the hotel so we didn't experience any noise (didn't have a great view though). The key feature of the hotel, the Ballroom where we thought we would have breakfast was a building site. However, we had breakfast in the other ballroom which was nice. The breakfast is great.Ever though I moaned a bit. The room was large, clean and tidy. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone. A nice friendly hotel in an amazing location.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RooMontreal_Canada
<Content>Too Noisy My wife and I booked four nights in the hotel and did not enjoy the experience. Although clean and friendly the noise level resulted in no sleep. Rooms on the first floor, right hand side of the building are to be avoided. There are recycling and trash bins outside the windows that are collected in the early hours of the morning. Our windows did not lock properly and provided no barrier to outside noises. On the plus side, the location is excellent.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location I stayed at The Orient in November 2005 with my husband, it was in an excellent location on the Ramblas. We stayed for a long weekend, didn't have any problems with noise, even though we were overlooking the Ramblas and had a balcony. The hotel was undergoing refurbishment to the rooms at the time and, while our room had not been refurbished, it was extremely clean and the maid visited daily. The breakfast was excellent and it was in an absolutely beautiful balcony room overlooking what was once the ballroom and gave you a taste of the hotel in its glory days! The staff were very helpful and pleasant and booked us a taxi for when we left and stood at the door to await its arrival then carried our bags out for us. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel, would definitely reccommend it and would certainly return. One word of warning.......DO NOT go to the chinese restaurant next door to the Oriente, it could seriously damage your health and spoil your holiday.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Alysoneva
<Content>At the Heart of it Stayed there to celebrate 20th Wedding anniversary.We had to change rooms as first room sprung a leak in air con on first day. Staff helpful. Both rooms clean and looked out onto Las Ramblas. Corner room was large and comfortable but no socket for hairdryer near a mirror as I recall. Las Ramblas quite lively even through the night but that just seemed to add to its fascination. We did not have any meals at Hotel but did use the bar area outside in the late evening to watch the world go by. Down side that the bar would not serve us with coffee at night. It was a good location easy to walk to sea front, Place de Catalunya etc. Easy to pick up tourist buses in Place de Catalnuya and airport bus. All in all we loved Barcelona and hotel was a positve experience.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Iwan-Machen
<Content>A good experience Written about in some books as being at the seedy end of the Ramblas, I'm not really surprised as some doubtful characters did abound in the off streets nearby in the gathering darkness. My wife nearly got done in the Casca Antic in broad daylight, with a sizeable squirt of tomato ketchup on her back in order to make her open or even put down her handbag - to look for tissues or the like, while being circled by a gang of young men moving like wolves!! However, it was nice to get back to the safety of the hotel with its approachable and supportive staff who had no hesitation in advising and helping us. Initially, we did have a matrimonial bed in a rather small but silent room, but as we seemed to trip over everything, we asked to be moved to a bigger room, which indeed, did overlook a particularly busy and noisy area with the police vehicle depot next door. No need to ask whether or not they came to life at night. We got used to it, however, and even slept well at times in the four nights spent there in plenty of warmth. A decent multiaspect plentiful continental breakfast could be varied on a daily basis, although the lack of human involvement did seem to give the Comedor a bit of a cold atmosphere. If I wanted to nitpick, I have no doubt that I could moan about a few things, such as no room telephone- I had my mobile: one had to hire a hair drier- deposit returnable: TV was all Spanish- then we're in that country:( I did see Barca and Real Madrid playing, however!! But it was clean, warm, comfortable and convenient!!! And ONLY Three Star  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Stay there again Large clean rooms, friendly service, affordable prices, within walking distance of the market, cathederal,port and much more.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible treatment As I made the internet booking there was a request for credit card details to be faxed to the hotel, my wife tried to do this but was unsuccessful due to problems with our fax machine so, as to verify the booking, I rang the hotel personally on the 27th December (the day before our departure) and spoke to an employee at the hotel, he confirmed my booking for 2 nights from the 28th to the 30th of December and did not request any credit card details.We were delayed getting from Girona airport to Barcelona and could not get a taxi from the bus station so walked to the Hotel, this took approximately 25 minutes and eventually we arrived at the hotel at 2am very cold and extremely tired (I had told the hotel that we would arrive at approximately 11.30pm on the internet booking form). Upon arrival at the hotel we were told that because we had arrived late and did not leave any credit card details that the room was taken and we were to stay at the Avenida Palace instead, the receptionist called for a taxi and told me that I should return tomorrow and speak to the manager. We returned to the hotel Husa Oriente the next day to check in and speak to the manager and all was well until I actually asked to speak to the manager, the receptionist became quite aggressive and began to argue with me, telling me 鈥渋f you did not leave credit card details then the room was not booked鈥?I pointed out that I had spoken to someone on the telephone on the 27th of December and they did not request any card details and still confirmed the booking. He then told me that the reason the room had gone was that I had arrived over 2 hours late, I pointed out that this was out of my control and whether I was 2 hours late or not, I had still reserved the room. I also pointed out that I have arrived late at hotels many times before and my room has never been cancelled or given to someone else. At this time another man appeared at the reception, he appeared to be the reception manager he also began arguing with me and pointing his finger in a threatening manner at my chest, I found this highly embarrassing and was amazed at how unprofessional and aggressive the staff were. I asked if he and his staff were being so aggressive towards me and my wife and pointed out that it was very upsetting for my 5 year old son, I also asked him if he would like to be spoken to in such a manner or if his manager condoned this type of rude behaviour, still we received no apology. Due to this appalling treatment we decided not to stay at the Husa Oriente and asked the reception manage to contact the Husa Avenida Palace, where we stayed the previous night, he did this, and that night we stayed there instead. Needless to say, we were treated with a lot more respect and courtesy at. that hotel and the staff were very helpful indeed. I could not believe the contrast between 2 hotels within the same hotel chain and still cannot believe the way in which myself and my family were treated over a very trivial matter, something which could have easily been rectified if dealt with in the correct professional manner  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missfifi42
<Content>So Noisy! The room was nice, clean, spacious, modern. Really excellent. However, we had asked for a quiet room. The friendly concierge said he would put us on the quiet side of the building. We had checked in at about 2 am (another good thing: 24 hour desk). At about 9 am I woke up to the delightful sounds of heavy construction. Quite confused, I looked out the window to see 10 or 20 workers on scaffolding about 10 meters from our room. Quiet side of the building? When we called the front desk to complain, they said that is the quiet side of the building, not meaning to say that it was, in fact, the quieter side of the building, but meaning that we were liars and we must be confused as to what the word quiet means. Very strange. Horrible experience.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>2	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LondonUKDee
<Content>Two twenty something girls in Barcelona!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LouMG
<Content>Would return if remained value for money We stayed for a three night citybreak after Christmas at the Husa Oriente. Due to the deal we found it was good value for money but I would not wish to pay Four Star prices for what I consider a good Three Star hotel. The good points;- Fantastic central location- Great standing on balcony watching world go by- Lots of places nearby for tea, coffee and breakfast, along with dinner/drinking so not need to use hotel restaurant- Spotlessly clean rooms, all recently refurbished- Polite, helpful desk staff- One of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept inThe not so good points;- Furniture spare in rooms- would have appreciated luggage rack and full length mirror- Yes, earplugs are recommended for light sleepers as rambla busy 24/7- Although 20 odd TV channels none in English; not even CNN or BBC World- although reception staff said all rooms were now renovated (after following advice from tripadvisor and asking for renovated room)we were awoken at 8.30am by very loud drilling for an hour outside our roomWould recommend; -Cafe l'Opera for breakfast and tapas-Santa Monica restaurant in beautiful square opposite for supper- 21 Euros for three courses, good food and wine- Tourist bus- 2 day ticket value for money- Starbucks for coffee when walking down ramblas from airport bus after what was a very early start from home- wax work museum worth a peruse- very funny- especially Charles and Camilla!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be cautious Good location but that's about all that's good. EXTREMELY noise 24/7 - had to get ear plugs. Some staff unfriendly, others okay. Check out whether your room rate includes breakfast. If it doesn't, avoid it - it's way over priced at 12 euros per day/per person - even if you get just coffee. There are no signs or staff in the dining room to advise you and the desk staff didn't bring it up - so don't assume - otherwise it's a big hit on your bill. A complaint brought no satisfaction. We won't make that mistake again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenshina
<Content>Fine value for the money In spite of some negative reviews, we were very pleasantly surprised: excellent location, clean,comfortable, well-appointed rooms (ours was one of the renovated rooms) in a minimally tasteful style.The hotel was still undergoing renovations but it was in no way a disturbance.One think though, if you seek quietness, ask for a room in the back of the hotel. Not as pleasant as facing the Ramblas but unless you want to sleep with your windows tightly shut and ear-plugs...We didn't mind though.Breakfast was fine but nothing special and the desk personnel friendly and helpful.A good address in Barcelona!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>husa oriente Stayed at the above hotel and although it was very central, I was a little dissapointed. We paid almost 拢100 a night for a very basic room and no breakfast. The bar was closed on Sunday and Monday and the restaurant is closed in the winter months. I would not rush to go back there.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated this hotel husa oriente this is the worst hotel that we have stayed in barcelona.the rooms were freezing i felt lke i was staying in the ice palace.when we complained to reception we were told that it was too soon in the year for the heating to be turned on but my complaint would be passed on to the manager but nothing was done.yes the hotel is in a good location but there are plenty in this spot where we have stayed before ,which were cheaper and miles better.the reception staff were cold and unfriendly and had i not paid for my stay upfront i would have checked out and stayed somewhere else.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>poi8981
<Content>Excellent hotel on the Ramblas!!! We stayed at this hotel in late September, and we had a wonderful experience! The room was, from what we gathered newly renovated, overlooking the Ramblas.As previous posts have mentioned, there was construction going on, but only during the day. Did not bother us one bit! Loved the location with all the hustle and bustle of the Ramblas right outside. Early to bed folks or light sleepers may have an issue with this, but we rather enjoyed it.Staff was very helpful as far as getting around and recommendations. Use the metro to get around! Barcelona has so many sights and experiences to take in, so do yourself a favor, spend as much time outside your hotel room as possible! Would definately stay here again though, great hotel!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>princess416
<Content>Great Hotel!! We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in early September. The front desk staff was excellent and the porter got our bags up to the room quickly. We paid 85 Euros and at this price it was an amazing deal. You cannot improve on the location and the room was extremely clean and comfortable. We had a 4th floor room overlooking the Ramblas...it was noisy at night but I think that it is part of the charm of that area of the city. There was a lot of renovation going on, but it was not disruptive at all. The public areas remained clean and the noise was very minimal and only during the day. There is an excellent restaurant next door. Be aware that the prices are much higher on the Ramblas for drinks and food. We found great food and better prices by going to the square directly across the street....it is hidden a bit but great restaurants and a lot of ambiance. We ate at a restaurant called Taller de Tapas and the prices were reasonable and the portions large and delicious....the Gothic Quarter is right across the street and getting lost in the maze of streets is an absolute must! The Hop on Hop off bus is great value and a great way to see the city reasonably. You must try the Sangria with Cava wherever you go as it is different in every restaurant and is a refreshing drink to have during the day. This hotel is an absolute find and once the renovations are done I am sure that the prices will be much higher .... it was comfortable, clean and well run. I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janeyb24
<Content>Great room, fab location We recently stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and were extremely pleased with our choice. The hotel overlooks La Ramblas and is therefore very central for sight seeing etc. We used this site to help us choose the hotel and the tip to e mail ahead to request a first floor room overlooking La Ramblas worked a treat. Not only did we get a newly refurbished room (which was very nice, and air conditioned), but the view of La Ramblas was worth it too. It was great entertainment to watch the goings on from our balcony with a bottle of beer, in the evening. Although La Ramblas is noisy, once the double glazing is closed you can't hear a thing.On a more touristy level, the Orange Bus tour is well worth 18 euros of anyones money, you can get on and off all day at all the main tourist sights. We did the whole tour in one go, about two hours, but it helped us pick and choose what we wanted to see in full the following day.Watch out when drinking on La Ramblas, drinks are expensive, and you should stress you want a small one if you do, as we asked for two cokes and ended up with two litre glasses (far too much) and were stung for 19 euros!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smittygirl1966
<Content>Definately worth considering - depending on the price Stayed there two nights and were very pleased....considering we paid approximately 65Euros per night (www.hotels.ca). At this price, there is no better option. The location is amazing....can't get much better than being directly on La Rambla. Renovated rooms are fine. Some are bigger and some are smaller. Try to get a renovated room (which overlooks the street) with a shower curtain. Most rooms have a half glass panel and it just doesn't work - we ended up using most of our towels wiping up the puddles on the floor. We stayed in room 445 and were very happy with it...it was a bit larger and had a shower curtain. Don't be shy to ask to borrow a hairdryer...they ask for 10E deposit but return it at the end of the stay. Also, don't be shy to ask for a renovated room if you don't get one the first time.......I think they try to get rid of the unrenovated rooms first but don't even blink to switch. Yes, some reviews are correct - there is ONE unpleasant desk person......if you get him, just ignore him and ask to speak with someone else....the others who work the desk go out of their way to help....with taxis, restaurant recommendations, etc......All in all, we were very happy with our stay - especially at the price we got it.....a week later we checked and the price was 280 Euros for the same room!!!! - which at that price, you are better off going elsewhere.....Oh yeah, it is true that the rooms facing the street are noisy....at 6:30AM, they were still out there laughing and enjoying themselves......however, we are city people and so the noise didn't particularly bother us at all....however, if you are a light sleeper or not used to any noise then I definately would NOT recommend a street facing room or any hotel for that matter which directly on la rambla.Also, directly across the street, through an alley is a piazza - a city square....we didn't disover it until it was too late but definately explore it. In the evening the entire square is turned in to great outdoor restaurants, cafes and bars....during the day it is nothing, but definately check it out at night. It is a bit more interesting than eating on la ramba.At the right price, this hotel is a definate must.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly located 3 Star Hotel The Husa Oriente is located on the famous Las Ramblas (a tourist destination in itself) in Barcelona's Barri Gothic. The hotel's location is ideal - it is between two metro stops (Liceo and Drassannes) and about a 10 minute walk from Pl. D. Catalunya which is one of the main stops for the popular tourist bus. The hotel also gives easy access to Port Vell, the Maritime Museum, the Modern Art Museum (5 minutes walking distance) and the beach (15 minutes walking distance).The hotel itself is exactly what you would expect from a three star hotel. The rooms are adequately sized and clean, the staff were friendly and helpful and even though the hotel faces directly onto Las Ramblas, noise at night wasn't quite at the level I had expected. If possible, opt for one of the rooms overlooking las ramblas, as not only will you get a balcony with a fantastic view of the street below, but you will also get a superior room since these rooms were recently renovated. These renovations, in my opinion, bring these rooms up to a four star standard whereas the other rooms would definitely only merit three stars since they were largely uninspiring, though still adequate.As a base from which to explore the city, the Oriente cannot be faulted and allows easy access to the excellent metro system - putting all of the major tourist sites within 20 minutes of the hotel. The only criticism that I could levy against the hotel is that the rooms which have not been renovated are merely ordinary. Overall, a very satisfactory hotel that made the city seem even better.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lugh_Lamfhada
<Content>Central location, but just an average experience       The ballroom  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>952
<Content>Great Price, Rooms and Location Awesome, awesome rooms. We were very happy with the service, price, location, quality of rooms and washrooms, and the friendliness of the staff. We arrived there early and they watched are bags free of charge.I would stay here again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Located at the bottom end of Las Ramblas, more or less facing the entrance to Placa Reial, it's hard to find a hotel in Barcelona that is better placed for accessibility to Barcelona's bars and cafes, or for people watching.Ask for a room overlooking Las Ramblas, but take your ear plugs if you want to get to sleep before 3.00 a.m.Rooms are somewhat small, but not oppressively so. The facade of the hotel is beautifully art nouveau, a picture of the entrance appears on P106 on the current Lonely Planet Barcelona guide, inside there is an impressive, but little used, dining room.We had no problems with the staff, theough to be fair we had no reason to have much contact with them either.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Spitney
<Content>Nice place, shame about the bloke in reception You really can鈥檛 fault this place for location. Smack bang in the middle of La Rambla in easy walking distance from everything.I booked this through expedia and on the site it mentioned that the rooms had hairdryers, so naturally I didn鈥檛 bother bringing one. The room we were allocated did not have a hairdryer so I mentioned this to the front desk. They were all very nice and helpful.However the following morning when I mentioned it again the lovely receptionist from the day before had been replaced by the most obnoxious man in all of Barcelona. Clearly annoyed at having to work for a living he flatly refused to help. Thankfully his very nice and helpful colleague stepped in and moved us to a different room which did have a hairdryer. I know it鈥檚 not the end of the world but it just became a matter of principal. I have since complained to the hotel and been assured that the matter will be dealt with.Overall we liked the hotel. There was renovation work going on at the time we were there but nothing that bothered us remotely. The voices from the room next door were the only noise problem, but nothing worth complaining about.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Beckster100
<Content>Get booking now Apologies for my slightly biased review, but the incredible 65euro a night deal for a room from laterooms was the bargain of a century.The hotel room we had was fantastic. It proves cheap rates don't give you the worst room. When booking drop them an email and ask them for a 1st floor room overlooking Las Ramblas. The rooms are newly decorated and furnished to a high standard. I would have paid twice what I did for that room.The staff were friendly, they offer breakfast at 12 euro each, which we missed in favour of the restauants at the top of Las Ramblas, where bacon eggs toast and coffee will set you back a whopping 5.5 euros. Ching Ching.The hotel is great, get there on an early flight and ensure the best rooms! The hotel is located 2/3rd's of the way down Las Ramblas on the right, walking distance to Barri Gothic, Port Vell, Placa Catalunya.Some tips now for you eager barcelona travellers to ensure a good stay.a) Get the AI bus from the airport. Far cheaper then a taxi, runs every 10 mins and stops at the top of Las Ramblas. Air conditioned.1) Las Ramblas is home to may entertainment artists. Make sure you keep your valuables out of reach when soaking up the atmosphere. Any city will have pickpockets, don't get distracted.2) Las Ramblas is also home to a spot of con trickery in the form of cup and ball games. Min stake is 50 Euro and you are guaranteed to lose. Dont get tempted. The crowd must be in on the con, either that or they have been betting for the past 8 visits to Barcelona. Dont get sucked in!3) I had a pleasent pizza/pasta dish at the Pizza (express) place on the top of las ramblas. There are some cracking little places to eat. For the budget conscious, steer away from the ramblas pavement cafes. There are plenty of asian people showing you an empty table, but a drink can cost a whopper, so be careful and check prices. Much cheaper prices can be found in the side streets.4) Next to the hotel is a restaurant that serves fantastic tapas and Paella. You will easily spot the restaurant for the amount of hanging hams on the ceiling. Worth a visit.4) Plaza Real, just be careful of men selling beer cans and shady types on the fountain in the middle. They sell drugs and its not an ideal place to get your wallet out!!5) Fancy a day at the beach? Just outside the hotel on the left up las ramblas is the Metro. Sitges is a wonderful town where they have a great sandy beach, lovely shops and good eateries. Just take the green L3 metro line from liceu to Sants Estacio, then at the other end head towards the main railway station, to catch a connecting 30 min train ride to Sitges (look for Via 5 or 6 to St Vincec as it can be daunting initially!) Well worth a few quid for a great day out of the city!6) Poble Espanol is not my favourite place, the taxi there can be as much as 10 Euros, the entry is 7.5 euros each. I dont like paying to shop!! The shops were mainly closed when we went, but if you like a bit of architecture, then by all means go, but dont kick your self if you miss going.Get a taxi from Espana metro stop. Its a 2 min ride and should not cost much.Finally if you get a room overlooking the Ramblas, pop acrosss in the evening to the Italian ice cream shop and bring it back with you. Its a great way to people watch from your room.Finally, Barcelona is a great place - you will enjoy it, but remember to keep your wallet and valuables hidden for that unspoilt trip.Adios.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't belive all you read ! I've just come back from barcelona,we stayed at the husa oriente.after reading some really bad reviews.i would like to give it the thumbs up.very clean very helpfull,and excellent value for money.we saw no bad things go on what so ever.right next door to the hotel is a lovely restaurant with good staff and a friendly atmosphere.if you go down towards the water there is a lovely boat were you can have a glass of cava and some nice tapas.i really enjoyed myself.all the gaudi is out of this world.i would recommend the bus tour the orange bus it takes you all round barecelona and you can hop on and off all day.cost 18 euros well worth it,you can pick it up at the la ramblas,by the hard rock cafe.so go on and enjoy, your love it!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sharon098
<Content>Excellant Hotel I stayed in this hotel 2 years ago, I felt then that it was excellant value for money and a great location yes it was a bit drab but it had a lot of charm. I returned to a new look hotel. It is a shame it has lost some of its old charm but the rooms and reception area have been updated into modern areas. The dining room has still kept its old charm.We had rooms on the front with an excelant veiw of the Ramblas, which we were expecting to be noisy, but since the updated double glazed windows it was not to bad at all. Our rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable.The bathrooms have been updated to an excellant standard also.Great value for a prime location with easy access to metro ext.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel we satyed here for 3 nights it was very clean maid in every day. Very good location, some might say a bit loud but we loved it and would go back again. I did email before we went and asked for one of the refurbished rooms and it was no problem.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent This is a bargain hotel in an excellent location. Yes the room interiors are a bit dated, but that's factored in the price.Less than 拢50 per night on The Ramblas - what more do you want?  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! I had heard some unpleasant reviews of this hotel, but it fit my budget so I thought I'd give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised! The room was VERY small, but it was impeccably clean and nicely decorated. The service was phenomenal and exceptionally friendly. Our room overlooked La Rambla, which at times was a little loud, but that's to be expected. I would recommend the Husa Oriente to those who want to be in the center of the action! Thank you Husa Oriente! I had an incredible vacation!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We booked the hotel with easyjet at the same time as our flights. At 拢70 a night for a double room with breakfast, this is one of the best hotels I've been to.... After reading some of the other reviews we put in an extra note asking for a refurbished room with a balcony. The room was huge!! The Breakfast was great and the location was brilliant.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alwayshappy2travel
<Content>Overall Great Experience Also apprehensive after reading the reviews I have to say I was VERY pleased with this hotel for the price we paid (only 60 euros per night through a discount). The hotel is being rennovated and we stayed in one of the older rooms at the back of the hotel. Had we paid the listed price and stayed in a newer room maybe I would have a different opinion - but as hotels in barcelona seem to be quite pricy in general, i think even in that case it would still be worthwhile.The hotel is in an excellent LOCATION, it was CLEAN and the reception was professional, friendly and receptive to our requests (change room from twin beds to a double, store luggage the last day before our departure, etc.).As for the size of the room, it was just as big, if not bigger than any room i have stayed in Europe, the bathroom was similarly of normal size (in fact the bathroom in the first room we were give was enormous!). The one minor problem was that in our room the shower only drizzled, yet the bath faucet gushed at full force. So, it may be good to check as soon as you check-in in case that is of huge concern to you. Yes, the walls were paper thin, but one of us had a bad cold upon arrival and had no problem sleeping as a result. But we found the beds and pillows quite comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SeafoodQueen
<Content>Great Location, OK Hotel, Good Value We stayed here for 3 nights in November 2004. The location was ideal, and our Ramblas-facing room great for people watching. We didn't find it that noisy either, though maybe it was the time of year. The room was on the small side and without much character - apart from the view - but it was clean, comfortable and everything worked fine.  We didn't eat at the hotel - it did nothing to encourage us to do so, and in my view doesn't make enough of its rather splendid public rooms, which we peered into through the glass doors. However there are eating places to suit all pockets within easy walking distance. Breakfast, for example, can be taken at a number of cafes along the Ramblas.  Coming in the quieter time of the year we got a pretty good rate for the room booking direct, and think it was good value for money. Reception staff very helpful, though service a bit slow at times.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location       Barri Gotic 1 min walk from hotel  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location - clean and comfortable room. Have just returned from 4 nights at the Husa Oriente (late Jan 2005) and was really impressed by the great location - and - for the price - the nicely renovated (and clean) room. We asked for a renovated balcony room overlooking Las Ramblas and were not disappointed. Fantastic view (third floor) and ambience. Just take ear-plugs if you are a light sleeper. Room not huge, but are you going to Barcelona to stay in your room all day? Good sized modern well maintained bathroom (powerful shower) but with a water system that often needed to be left running for a few minutes before any hot water came out (perhaps this was something to do with Barcelona's coldest winter for years - who knows?). Also why not have some shelves in the bathroom to put your wash gear on? We ended up just dumping washbags and stuff on the floor - management please take note - not a big deal to improve. Otherwise room was well serviced every day (on request) and the beds (for a six plus footer) were ample and very comfortable (lovely fresh white pillows/linen.) The room heating/air-con was responsive and effective.The buffet (eat as much as you like) breakfast had a wide choice of cheeses, fruits, meats/hams, breads, cereal, coffee - a vast variety of teas etc. The value of which depends on how much you want to eat (12 Euros).Staff were attentive and friendly when you wanted them but otherwise discrete. Overall we would go back again - but I fear the price will never be as cheap, so this hotel may not be such good value as it was to us.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great city,poor value hotel O.K. for the one night we spent in Barca but for the price had expected more than a pocket-size room looking at a brickwall. As this was my 60th birthday night out we were disappointed by the hotel and would not return.The corridors were wider than the rooms and hot water was nigh impossible to obtain in the minimalist bath/shower.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWFUL experience I stayed only one night in Husa Oriente in Barcelona and I was lucky to have to spend only one night there. Reception clerks completely uninterested in their job, tiny and dirty and VERY OLD room with a fan, with a 'beautiful view' of a brick wall some 3 metres away from my window. The only good thing about this hotel is the central location. But I will never come back to that establishment.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeteLuton_England
<Content>Superb location but very ordinary       Looking down on the Ramblas from the balcony  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Bother Staying Here This is supposed to be the oldest hotel in Barcelona. Since we were into the historical mode during our vacation, it sounded like a perfect place...an old convent with catacombs in the basement, advertised even as a place of interest in most travel books. Well, first, the management is remodeling not restoring this hotel. Almost anything that used to be historical in the building has been euthanized. The two good things I can say about this hotel is that it is on the Rambla, so you walk out the front door and it's all before you. You can also walk to the waterfront easily. The second thing which I can compliment is the size of the room and bathroom, both huge, but no charm left in either. They've already taken out almost all of the beautiful lights (you can still find about 3 in the lobby of the hotel and can imagine what it must have been like before these people got ahold of it), removed the historical wooden windows and replaced them with vinyl, taken out the old floors and inserted a pergo-like substitute, removed the original wood or marble moldings, OY, what are they thinking? Isn't there an antiquities preservation society in Barcelona to do battle for these buildings to be protected?What should be a gorgeous dining room (pictured in all advertisements)... was being equally remuddled. By the time that these owners of the hotel are finished, it won't have anything historical left. Even the marble floors were being ruined. What once were 14 foot tall french doors were being replaced or mistreated. Jack hammers were tearing apart the whole place. The gorgeous chandaliers still hanging in the dining room (how many hundreds of years old?) were left uncovered, and were filthy from dust and dirt flying from the construction project, and being scratched unmercilessly by marble chips and concrete particles. It was sicking to see such history being destroyed by people with no understanding of antiquities or vision of preservation. So, you had no place to eat in the hotel, and the room (altho huge), was sterile with cheap furniture and lights, and very uninviting.The hotel lobby had harsh overhead lighting, and white-washed walls. The carpet at the front door was filthy. No beauty or charm left in this hotel. Our room faced a side-street, and looked out onto a youth hostel, with all their laundry hanging from the balconies. Needless to say, it was noisy as hell all night with people partying and shouting at 2-6 a.m. Lot's of prostitutes on this street, also. We also had a pharmacia electric sign hanging right next to our hotel window, although they turn off the sign eventually. So, not only was the view from our room awful...but this was in response to my requesting hotel staff to give us a wonderful room, when we checked in.There was no room service, and the only food you could get in the hotel was in the morning, when they had a buffet set up. That was a total joke, since there was hardly any food. We also saw the kitchen, which was dirty and makeshift. Maybe there was some cereal and coffee, but no pastries, eggs, meats, etc. We certainly didn't want to eat there, not only because it would have been a waste of our money (yes, they made you pay extra for it..and this place is expensive), but the dirt in the hotel from construction was all over the place.Don't bother to stay at this hotel, when there are so many beautiful places in Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Petteri
<Content>Great view to Rambla Stayed here one week. They asked if we want a room with a view to Rambla (a little bit more noisy) or not (not so noisy). We took a room with a view to Rambla and oh my: a bic balcony and an excellent room - is this a dream?The bathroom was not so special, water coming a little bit slowly. Breakfast ok. Hospitality fine. We enjoyed our week!And if you don't mind a little street sounds in the night, ask for a room with Rambla-view. It's something fantastic!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel But Very Noisy! Stated at the husa oriente 10th May 04. Our room was very nice all newly decorated, the bathroom was very clean and modern. Breakfast was moderate. We awoke however at 2am to what sounded like a bottle bank collection - you can imagine the noise! Also lots of skips being emptied many times throughout the night. There were also a number of people shouting outside the hotel in the early hours. Get som ear plugs and you will be fine!! Overall - okay, but ear plugs are a must!  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One step up from a hostel Stayed at the Oriente for 4 nights from27th May 2004. The first room we were offered was pitch dark, with a tiny window opening onto a wall, and full of very basic beds like a dormitory. Furniture was non existent apart from a wooden chair and a small table between a couple of the beds.We refused to accept this and were given a better room, with large windows and a large bathroom, but the standard was still well below what we had come to expect of a 3star hotel in Spain. The furniture was still basic, the room so small that we could not pass each other, and the bathroom tiles were bulging off the walls, the floor tiles were cracked and chipped and the handbasin did not drain properly. The smell of sewage came up through the pipes. The windows opened on to a light well, and rooms were being renovated across from us.Towels were changed daily, and the bath and basin were cleaned, but otherwise there were no signs of cleaning.We were caught in the lift twice - once we had to be rescued and the other time the door eventually opened but the lift didn't move again.When we requested a hairdryer at the desk, they told us they didn't have any.The hotel is in a great position and has potential - a very grand dining room, with an adequate but boring breakfast, and beautiful function rooms. Perhaps when and if the renovations are ever completed, it would be worth staying there, but at the moment - find somewhere else.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very disappointing experience Stayed at the Oriente because it was reccommended by the travel agent, and although it is only rated as a 3 star hotel, becuase of the cost of the room I at least thought it would be clean and comfortable. Found out when we arrived that the hotel is being renovated, the drilling started first thing in the morning and this was also all we could hear during breakfast. The room was awful. The pictures used of the hotel are extremely misleading as our room was tiny, big enough for a double bed and that's about it. There was grime on the wall and the bathroom was the size of cupboard. I have stayed in other 2 star hotels for less than half the price and the standard was much higher. My advice would be if you are only considering a hotel for it's location than this would be fine as long as you don't mind paying well above the odds for a room that is more like a cheap student hostel. I do have one good thing to say for the Oriente though and that is the staff were very pleasant.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fur-ball
<Content>Not the best! We stayed at this so called 3* hotel.It was quiet cheap at 鈧?0 a night (special offer)When we arrived there was a skip outside the door which was a bit disconcerting.All was quiet inside the hotel until the next morning at 7 oclock. We may as well have be staying on a building site for the next 5 days as the noise was so loud.The staff were not friendly at all. I dont think any of them spoke english.Besides the building site the rooms were clean and cleaned by the staff every day. This hotel is very central, pretty basic. If i was going again to Barcelona i would shop around for something better.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Youth Hostel Alternative   showReview(1664735, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MeganVU
<Content>隆Viva el Hotel Oriente!   showReview(1520753, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Choose an air conditioned room   showReview(1511830, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away!   showReview(1506987, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel being renovated   showReview(1385209, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lucky I didn't have to spend much time indoors...   showReview(1376571, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location/Reasonable Price   showReview(1370187, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quality of rooms not inviting.   showReview(1282462, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>g3nie
<Content>Good location for almost everything   showReview(1108770, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yatanokagami
<Content>瑕冲厜銇秴渚垮埄       銉€銉栥儷銉欍儍銉夈儷銉笺儬  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel 脿 茅viter si vous voulez...   showReview(22097709, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dufour_th
<Content>Pas 脿 la hauteur   showReview(21687908, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage direkt an den Ramblas   showReview(20551009, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ouvrage75
<Content>1 nuit au Husas Oriente / je ne recommencerai pas 搂   showReview(19577651, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien plac茅!   showReview(19634271, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Winziges Zimmer ohne Fenster...   showReview(19842203, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel pour touristes   showReview(19634270, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(19634269, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotelbeurteilung Oriente Barcelona   showReview(19634268, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閫辨湯銇娉?#x201d;   showReview(19172840, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bien situ茅   showReview(18523018, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s d茅cevant   showReview(18523019, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien plac茅   showReview(17441642, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16592231, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(16592230, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral, Umgebung sehr lebhaft, Barcelona schl盲ft nie, f眉r Kurzreisen optimal   showReview(16592229, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis - Leistung stimmt nicht   showReview(16592227, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis- Leistungsverh盲ltnis stimmt!   showReview(16592226, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider etwas laut   showReview(16592218, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(15575674, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr hellh枚rig   showReview(15575673, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder. Lage, Lage, Lage   showReview(15575672, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nikorazon
<Content>Ne faisons pas la fine bouche   showReview(14764041, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage - aber auch entsprechend laut   showReview(14734607, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>We would return   showReview(14734606, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>lo consiglierei a tutti   showReview(13979780, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>da consigliare agli amici   showReview(13979779, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La mayor铆a de las habitaciones...   showReview(14441120, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(13979778, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo!   showReview(13202431, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal f眉r WE-Trip   showReview(13202430, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 ubicato nella zona...   showReview(13163362, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅, un peu bruyant   showReview(13202429, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bilan mitig茅   showReview(11309837, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien plac茅 !   showReview(11309836, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅   showReview(11309829, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien, agr茅able mais bruyant, on n'y retournera pas   showReview(11309831, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situ茅   showReview(11665990, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ola Husa Oriente   showReview(11309830, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage, gutes Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(11309828, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes und suabers Hotel in Top Lage!   showReview(11665989, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel comodo, confortevole, un po rumoroso   showReview(11665988, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>en plein coeur de l'action   showReview(11447284, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel sans plus   showReview(11447283, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11447282, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Cityhotel   showReview(11492664, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage daf眉r mit einigen Abstrichen beim Komfort   showReview(11419104, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eine sehr gute Wahl   showReview(11419102, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>einfach, aber gut   showReview(11419101, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes haus, lieblos instand gesetzt   showReview(11419100, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銈掓劅銇樸仌銇涖倠   showReview(19160980, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral gelegen   showReview(11419099, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mitten im Trubel   showReview(11401994, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>clocloche2000
<Content>bon h么tel mais...   showReview(7253011, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Service aber sehr laut   showReview(11394852, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione ottima colazione   showReview(11394851, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄浣嶇疆銇€佺┖娓?..   showReview(21802289, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, tanto rumore   showReview(11391978, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>na ja   showReview(11394850, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈汇儹銉娿伄涓績琛?..   showReview(21801968, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moyennement satisfait.   showReview(11361539, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Agosto a Barcellona   showReview(11361538, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11354654, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wer ist zentral mag, ist hier genau richtig!   showReview(11354653, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage, sehr nettes Personal   showReview(11354652, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel, tr猫s bien situ茅!!   showReview(11354636, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bello, ma se temete il rumore...   showReview(11335022, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trop bruyant!   showReview(11335021, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ne parle ni francais ni anglais   showReview(11335020, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trotz zentraler Lage auf den...   showReview(11418906, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel en travaux jusqu'en fin...   showReview(11418907, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ATTENZIONE AI PREZZI! Per 2...   showReview(11418908, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 davvero ottimo, 猫...   showReview(11418909, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺偟銆€銈儶銈ㄣ兂銉嗐伀瀹挎硦銇椼仸銉汇兓   showReview(19155983, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nel complesso il soggiorno 猫...   showReview(11418910, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿兂銉栥儵銈归€氥倞銇潰銇?..   showReview(21800282, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel pulito , posizione ideale...   showReview(11418911, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil extr猫mement m茅diocre...   showReview(11418912, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅, tr猫s...   showReview(11418913, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3鍙风窔銉偦銈﹂銇嬨倝寰?..   showReview(19926124, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿兂銉栥儵銈归€氥倞銇潰銇?..   showReview(19918848, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛堣銇熴仺銇撱倣銆佸嵄銇仢...   showReview(19918604, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿兂銉栥儵銈归€氥倞銇潰銇?..   showReview(19916981, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'ubicazione della struttura...   showReview(11418914, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2002
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

