<Author>BournemouthFan
<Content>Looks gorgeous but its the staff that make it great We stopped in the Argonaut for two nights on the way from Sydney to London. We had a bad first leg of the flight but the stay at the Argo refreshed us all and we enjoyed the hotel no end. Lets get this out the way early, the hotel is gorgeous! I'd best liken it to a Disney Delux hotel. Disney would certainly be proud of it. You can see the pictures of the lobby and the rooms on this site and in person the quality of the fittings are first class.I knew we'd love the look and feel of the hotel when I booked it but what I didn't realise was how good the staff were. They seem to have recruited the friendliest and most helpful people they could in all of the roles within the hotel. From the front door to the housekeeping they are fantastic. Internet was free and quick. Lots of room freebies. Quiet rooms which surprised me after reading comments on here. Our room was a good size too.We loved everything about the hotel and can't wait for a chance to go back!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BasilBrush1st
<Content>Excellent stay - once again, and no nasty suprises Just a short one nighter for us this year en route to Las Vegas.This was our 3rd visit to the Argonaut and we were pleasantly suprised to find no nasty suprises - nothing has changed!!Even though we booked a standard king room, we found ourselves with a nice harbour view. OK the room was probably a bit smaller than our last inwards facing room, but the view was worth the compromise.The staff couldn't be more helpful, cheerful and polite and made our stay a very easy one.Leaving early the next morning en route to Vegas we booked a room service breakfast - which turned up on time with a smile.One small gripe - ladies take note - the hairdryer they provide in the bathroom is useless and so remember to ask the front desk for a salon quality hairdryer (they definitley have them) when you check in or even when you book.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NCexpat_travelers
<Content>Great Hotel with great service. Mistake made but corrected in timely manner. Very nice hotel with great location in Fishermans Wharf. The hotel used to be a Del Monte cannery and Kimpton has done a nice job of making it into a cozy boutique hotel with a nostalgic feel. Staff was very friendly and accomdating. Since it was my 40th birthday trip, the hotel staff upgraded us to a large room with a view of The Rock. The hotel accidently packed one piece of our luggage into another customers car. Thankfully the customer contacted the hotel once they arrived home (Lake Tahoe area). By the time we knew about the mistake we were in Monterey. Once the hotel realized the error they sent an employee to Lake Tahoe to retrieve our luggage and it was at our hotel in Monterey that same night. I understand mistakes happen and the hotel did the right thing by correcting their mistake quickly and professionaly.A special thanks to Erin in Lake Tahoe area for notifying the hotel about the mistake.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kjjones
<Content>Great location, staff and rooms! My husband had business in SF, so we made a long weekend out of it and booked the Arognaut for 2 nights, Fri and Sat.I arrived at the hotel at 10am just to drop off my luggage and head out sightseeing, not expecting a room to be ready, but they had a room ready for me, so I was able to check in. We booked a King room with Bay View, and got exactly that. Nice size room, great nautical decor, nice change of pace from the typical hotel room decor. The view outside the window was of Alcatraz, Hyde St. Pier and to the left, The Golden Gate Bridge. It was perfect! Hotel room was stocked with all essentials, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, cotton swabs and cotton balls, coffee maker with Starbucks regular and decaf, honor bar, ice bucket, glasses, all the usuals. Had a great charging station (that's what I call it because I had about 4 different chargers plugged in at once), clock radio with iPod dock, so you could plug in and listen to your iPod in the room. Nice touch.Evening wine reception in the lobby was very nice, although the lobby was PACKED!!! Standing room only - barely. I was surprised to see a few dogs in the lobby and then remembered it was a pet friendly hotel. Location of hotel was great for Fisherman's Wharf/Ghirardelli attractions, Alcatraz, etc. Also convenient to F line and of course the Hyde/Powell Cable Car. I noticed hardly any lines for the cable car in the mornings, but very long lines in the evenings. Hotel location was also great to access bus lines which are a great way to get around and see other parts of the city (yes, there is more to SF than Fisherman's Wharf!). Also convenient to the Fisherman's Wharf rental car facilities. Most within a 2 block walk. The only thing that was slightly irritatiing was when the Concierge tried to steer us away from taking the bus to dinner in Pacific Heights, she really wanted us to take a cab. We asked about bus lines and she really frowned upon taking a bus. But she gave in in the end and directed us to the bus stop (although not the accurate transfer info, we asked the bus driver and found our way w/o problem). We ended up having a terrific dinner in Pacific Heights and it was such a lovely night, we walked allllll the way back to the hotel - it was downhill, thankfully. We wouldn't have walked back uphill the whole way! So, that's a tip if you want to get out and walk, have dinner somewhere up hill and walk back, makes for a great evening! We did have a car one of the nights and the valet service was excellent. The guys were very friendly and helpful. Check in/check out was a breeze. Our request for a late checkout (1:00pm) was not a problem. We will definitely return to the Argonaut in the future!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Retreaters
<Content>Good hotel located down by the wharfs Great location, at the Fishermans Wharf and end of Powell-Hyde cable car.The rooms were generally large with 2 doubles. We were initially given a very small corner room, but were upgraded very quickly and courteously after I expressed my disappointment. The staff were helpful; the concierge got us tickets for the 49ers game and the doorman gave great advice on getting to and (more importantly from) the stadium. The hotel bar is part of restaurant so does not stay open late, but around the area are many bars and restaurants so no problem there. The hotel lay on complimentary wine tasting each evening, the only shame was that in a state where so much wine is produced, they only had Chilean and Spanish!Our favourite restaurant was Ana Mara, a Vietnamese/pan Asian place with a very lively atmosphere, great staff and excellent food. It鈥檚 just around the corner from the Argonaut. Also highly recommended is a cocktail in the Carnellian, on the 52nd floor. Stunning views. Get there at 3pm when it opens for the best seats.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JibbyMom
<Content>Beautiful, Nautical Argonaut Room We had a beautiful room with a king sized bed which overlooked Hyde park. The decor and furnishings at the Argonaut are of a nautical theme and are bright, cheery and relaxing! We LOVED our room! The bed was super comfortable and the room was quiet. They even provide cheetah print bath robes for their guests to borrow during their stay. Fun! Location was perfect for sight seeing, tourist shopping, restaurants, etc. Safe location. We look forward to returning to the hotel with our kids next time in the near future!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>chemical_laser
<Content>Great location, fantastic staff I stayed at the Argonaut for two nights beginning December 16.I arrived very late (after midnight), so I didn't notice the valet parking when I pulled up. Luckily there was a spot around the corner. The valet met me at the door, let me in, and was very pleasant. The desk clerk was equally friendly and I was on my way to my room (482) in a minute or two.Upon entry, I was surprised at how small the room was. It was also pretty cold. Otherwise, it was nicely decorated and cozy. The iPod-dockable clock radio was on and softly playing some classical music.Because I am an inTouch member, a gift of a bottle of water and a bar of chocolate were waiting for me on the nightstand. Another pair of chocolates lay on the pillow. I thought that was a nice touch. I turned on the heat and the room was at a comfortable temperature by the time I had finished unpacking. The bed was extremely comfortable.The room was very clean. The shower was hot and the water pressure strong. The bathroom amenities were L'Occitane.The only lapse in the otherwise excellent service was at breakfast the following morning. I had been given vouchers for a continental breakfast at check-in. I was hungry for a bit more than that and ordered eggs and sausage. The waiter brought eggs and bacon instead. When I pointed out the mistake, he returned with sausage, then disappeared. I had to flag down the hostess in order to get my check. The food was excellent.With that sole exception, the service was every bit as good as I've come to expect from the Kimpton brand.Thanks to a busy work schedule, I did not get to spend much time in the area around the hotel. From what I saw while driving, the neighborhood is very picturesque. This would be a great home-base for exploring the Fisherman's Wharf area.A note for the budget-conscious: the parking rates are outrageous - $39/day plus tax (and tip) for valet parking. In their defense, it's my understanding that parking in San Francisco is uniformly insane.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BARTREV
<Content>AWESOME ARGONAUT Well from start to finish our stay at the Argonaut was absolutely fantastic! The location was better than we could have ever imagined - right next to the tram station on Fisherman's Wharfe. It was on at the quiet end very close to the bay. The room was extremely spacious with 2 queen beds, very clean indeed with daily maid service. We thoroughly enjoyed the wine tasting which was available every evening. We would definitely recommend this hotel to all our friends and family and would love to return again hopefully in the not too distant future!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HeywoodJablowmie
<Content>great choice for families with kids and first time visitors to SF       golden gate bridge, happy kids in foreground  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>peternicols
<Content>Fabulous Stayed here for a few nights. Been to San Fran before and wanted to take my wife on extended biz trip. Had researched well. What a fantastic charming hotel. Very quiet and quaint part of town. Easy to get into the centre of the shopping district, just by looking out of the window and chking ques at cable car turnaround. Everything within walking distance.The staff were superb. Nothing was any trouble. Accidently forgot the safe code and the guy with the laptop was ignoring our embarressment within 5 minutes of the call to the desk.It made for an unforgettable stay. Definately stump up the extra for a hyde st/ front room. Veiws are worth it. We could see the ggbridge and at sunrise/sunset, was awesome. LOVE IT. If ever there again would definately stop here. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Laineylop
<Content>Fantastic Stay at Quirky Hotel Stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for 4 nights with my partner and we had a fantastic stay. We booked The Argonaut via a UK website and got a very reasonable rate for our stay. Unfortunately we got a twin room instead of the double we requested. We didn't complain to reception as we were too tired but no doubt we would have been given another room if we asked as the staff were very attentive and helpful throughout our stay.Our room was a decent size considering that the building is a converted warehouse. We stayed in a similar hotel to this one in Liverpool in the UK and the room in The Argonaut was definitely larger. The decor of the hotel is rather kitsch but not unexpected given the history of the hotel and the Fishermans Wharf location. We loved the decor and wanted one of the cute star cushions from the beds! An excellent freebie was the evening wine reception held between 5-6pm. We only made it a couple of times but it was a nice way of unwinding from a busy day's sightseeing and a good start to the evening ahead. The sun loungers in the lobby were a cute touch. A slight negative was the cost of the internet access in the hotel lobby, but I suppose it was convenient. As I said, the staff were excellent throughout our stay, even the staff manning the evening wine reception who were on their feet for an hour solid keeping our glasses full. The concierge was helpful but we thought the door / bell staff were particularly good. They treated all the guests as individuals which is no mean feat given the hotel is fairly large.Overall, we had a superb stay at The Argonaut and would recommend it for tourists opting for Fishermans Wharf for their San Francisco base. We can't wait to return to the city, although second time round we'd probably opt for one of the Nob Hill hotels as we liked the area. I think you would be hard pushed to find a better hotel at Fishermans Wharf than the Agronaut.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vlcowles
<Content>Very Comfortable My boyfriend I just spent three nights at the Argonaut. It was wonderful! We stayed in a King Deluxe with the Cannery view. It was quiet after 9 p.m. You can't ask for a better location to walk to anything you want to see and do. The service was above par. Room service was very fast and delicious. I would highly recommend the crab/corn chowder from the Blue Mermaid.If you like a local type of bar, walk down the pier to Pier 23. Best bartendar's we found in town and great bar food!The only slight downfall is the barthrooms are rather small.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Lewis_D
<Content>the hotel is good but ..... Stayed for 4 nights in mid November. Nice hotel, good location, bit expensive for what it is. We booked a bay view room and as the hotel is 4 stories high and the adjoining buildings are 3 stories high the view is limited, so beware. Even then we were placed on the second floor hence no bay view. When this was queried the booking system was blamed and we were offered breakfast vouchers and a change of room at a later date. It was eventually sorted, but hard work and the receptionist was pretty indifferent. On the same subject the greeting was name, credit card, foto id and as an after thought it was welcome to the hotel, not really good enough. The hotel is also used for corporate conferences and you may wish to avoid this. Overall we got an apology but I would stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Hanisa
<Content>Lovely quirky hotel This is a great hotel! I loved the nautical decoration! The room was immaculate, very comfortable and we didn't have any issues with noise. The location is great, especially for a quick stay as you are close to the tourist attractions. There are countless kiosks in the area for different tours and attractions. We took the cable car tour around San Fran and over the Golden Gate Bridge. The ferry to Alcatraz is a 10-15 minute walk away from the hotel. There are loads of restaurants nearby. The restaurant attached to the hotel was great for breakfast. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>JamesStoker
<Content>A good choice We just spent 5 nights at the Argonaut, partially basing our decision on the previous reviews on this site, and were not disappointed. The hotel is well located for the cable car, plus getting to north beach, the marina district and other areas, plus obviously fishermans wharf (although we actually didn't stray into it, given it's over the top touristy flavour). The room was good, if very nautical! And the views over the bay were brilliant and exaxtly what we wanted. Go for the 4th floor for th best views.One of our main needs was for the hotel to be child friendly as we have a 10 month old and it was spot on, with fiendly saff and al needs catered for. Only downside was that the room service menu was a bit too over priced in my view.Go for it.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AnneKTynemouthUK
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a week in San Fran staying at the Argonaut Hotel. I've been to SF before and stayed out in Berkeley but the location of the Argonaut is perfect. A very short walk from the cable car means you can link with the rest of the city with ease. The views of the bay and the GG Bridge are breathtaking. You are on the edge of Fisherman's Wharf so away from the tacky bits. Close to Ghiradelli Square. Room was spacious and immaculately clean. Room service excellent and responsive. Free wine tasting every evening was a nice touch and sociable too.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Von72
<Content>Loved this place Booked this hotel through Virgin Holidays (wouldn't recommend them though as didn't inform us of flight changes even on check in and had 6 hours at the airport with a toddler!).The hotel though is one of the best I have stayed in and I've travelled round the world. Its is gorgeous. The rooms are beautiful and very well maintained. You know how many hotel rooms often need improvements like a re-paint etc.? Not this one! The attention to detail is fabulous. Everything you need is in the room and if you forget something, they've got it! AND, they don't charge you much if you do forget something. We arrived and were told they were giving us breakfast vouchers for the week. Me being honest I said But our package didn't include them and they said If we have given you breakfast vouchers, take them! So we got a lovely continental breakfast all week too. The staff were all helpful and friendly. The location of the hotel could not be better. I loved being here as it was quiet but right next to transport which went everywhere. We could also walk to Pier 39 from here and the pier where you get the boat to Alcatraz.We bought a 'Citypass' and if you are here for a week, this is a must. We used it everywhere we went. Not only does it cover all the transport except the BART, it also gives you free admission to the Academy of Science, the Aquarium and numerous other attractions. It was only $59 (about 拢36).We caught the BART from the airport to the Embarcadero then caught the street car line F (like a tram) which was opposite the station, to the hotel. The hotel is round the corner from the stop. This cost us a total of $6.85 each (kids under 5 free) which is probably about $40 less than a transfer would have cost. It was very easy and we had a toddler with us too. People here are just so friendly, so we found it easy to ask for help when we needed it.I guess we all have different experiences everywhere we go, but I can't believe anyone could give this hotel a bad review! Its fabulous!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel173
<Content>Excellent Hotel My recent stay at the Argonaut Hotel was excellent. The hotel location is perfect - right at Fisherman's Wharf and walking distance to the other attractions in San Francisco. The hotel staff was very professional and courteous. There was some confusion with my reservation due to an error on my part. The desk staff resolved the issue quickly and had us checked into our room within minutes. The rooms are clean and spacious. There is a complimentary Happy Hour every day in the lobby which is an excellent opportunity to meet other travelers from the US and the world. The hotel restaurant has excellent food though the service is a little slow. The cable car stop is one block from the hotel and Pier 39 is a 5 minute walk. I would highly recommend renting bikes and riding across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito. The ride is easy and very scenic. You can take the ferry back to San Francisco or ride back. The Argonaut is about a 35 minute cab ride to/from the airport. We used the Lory Shuttle to get to the hotel - I wouldn't recommend this as it took close to an hour to get to the hotel and the shuttle driver was less than courteous. San Francisco was a great vacation and I would strongly recommend the Argonaut as a great hotel for your stay.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mcjohnUk
<Content>Best hotel all around I鈥檝e had the privilege of staying in some of the best hotels in the World. The Kimpton Argonaut in San Francisco is a truly fine hotel. Its location on Fisherman鈥檚 wharf inside the national park area is unsurpassed. Close to the excellent San Francisco transport links with plenty of great places to eat close by.Upside: Great rooms and hotel layout. Concierge local knowledge spot-on! Friendly staff who appear to genuinely want to help. Reception and pith helmeted door staff fantastic. The free wine hour each night from 5 to 6 is fun in the themed lobby is fun with friends.Blue Mermaid bar  restaurant very informal and friendly. Breakfast good. Dinner menu basic but good value for money. Afternoon drinks on the terrace area very relaxing.Downsides Don't trust concierge to book things for you. (especially airline seats!) as we found they are not great on getting the details right. Bar closes early at 10 pm most evenings.Overall - Having stayed there once I wouldn鈥檛 risk another hotel in San Francisco. Honestly, tt was that good.Insider tip - If you want a massage don鈥檛 use the in-room spa service (its good, but pricey at $110 for 50 minutes), try Susanne Runion in Beech Street, a five minute walk from the hotel. She鈥檚 the best, most professional masseuse I鈥檝e come across and at $75 an hour is great value for money.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>coronella
<Content>Fantastic place to stay in SF Stayed Nov 9, 2008 in room 35#. Positive:- Valets are super friendly. They have to handle people coming in on a very busy street with no parking, yet took care of us with out issue when checking in, unloading car, ect. - Location. Perfect for tourists to SF. Pier 39, Giardelli Square, and many major starting points for sightseeing in SF are less than 5 min walk. Tons of good eats nearby also. - Suprisingly quiet, considering location. - Good quality rooms.- Free Wifi. Negative- $40 p/day to park. I guess thats what it takes to park in downtown SF, but still, Ouch. Overall, really a great place, at a great price ($169 p/night). Highly recommend to SF bound tourists.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JSN
<Content>Excellence at the Argonaut Excellent overnight in SF. Upgraded to huge suite w/windows that opened, nice decor, mini bar plus refrigerator, deep soaking tub with bubbles. Quiet, climate control, cute decor, cool animal-print robes, staff welcoming and professional. Not a single negative.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel21Boston
<Content>Argonaut Hotel San Francisco I went on a business trip to San Francisco and stayed four nights at the Argonaut Hotel in North Beach. It was a truly wonderful experience. The d茅cor is very modern and chic. The room was beautiful, and everything worked鈥?usually there is something (such as a plug or shower handle) that is faulty but this room had everything including a radio/ipod player. I particularly liked the full box of Kleenex (not quarter full), the NYTimes delivered free to my room each morning, the turn down service with an uplifting quotation on the pillow (I thought it cute!), and the high quality hand cream etc. There is a complimentary glass of wine at 5.00 p.m. every evening in the foyer. This hotel was right near Fort Mason, a national park and a lovely small beach. All the staff, particularly the concierge, was extremely helpful and friendly, and check in and out was fast. I ate alone in the restaurant every evening and felt very at ease. Only suggestion I would have is to offer a self-service buffet breakfast and include a one-price continental breakfast rather than have it served. It is quicker and more efficient. I highly recommend this hotel鈥?I loved it!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SheaG
<Content>Great location, very nice hotel Recently took my two teenage boys to visit their college-attending sister in San Francisco. Chose the Argonaut for the location and because booking a suite at the Argonaut was a better value (it seemed) than booking two rooms at other, downtown hotels. I was very happy with the choice. Great location at the cable car turnaround. An easy and very fun cable car ride into downtown, easy walk to Pier 33 for the fun tour of Alcatraz. A fairly easy walk to North Beach and other great locations for dining. The room was very spacious with a great bathroom and flat screen TVs. Deep bathtub with jacuzzi jets. Really nice decor. Some find it kitschy, but I found it warm and inviting and a nice change from the neutral, bland business hotels. Great art on the walls. Service was good, although like others I noted the concierge service was a little spotty. Front desk, front door, and bell service were all excellent and friendly. I chose a non-view suite, but in fact we had a nice view of Alcatraz and the Bay, even on the 2nd floor. A few downsides...the pull-out sofa bed was not comfortable for the boys, but our king bed was very comfortable. Walls are very thin and the water pipes and some other sounds are very loud. All in all, one of the best choices in and around downtown San Francisco. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mevangelista
<Content>Just as Good the 2nd Time Around We were dissatisfied with a hotel down on Market Street, so we drove right over to the Argonaut Hotel where we stayed 5 years earlier. Should have just booked it from the start. One of the best hotels we've ever stayed in. Amenities, staff, service all right on and in a great location. Walkable to the Wharf, North Beach, Cable Car turnaround and next to Ghiradelli Square. Great ambiance in a restored cannery building. Can't go wrong. Book it!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellingBrooke
<Content>Kid Friendly in SF We stayed at the Argonaut last weekend for my cousin's wedding and were very impressed. The service was outstanding - both toward us and our 2 year old. We had a king sized room, which was fairly small, but well arranged, so we didn't feel cramped. The staff was very friendly and even brought our son a gold fish to take care of during his stay.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Indiophile
<Content>Comfortable Friendly Hotel in Excellent Location The first hotel of our trip to SW USA certainly set the standard. A great welcome after a long flight. Really friendly and helpful staff but we found the concierge service knowledge a bit patchy. The rooms are really nicely furnished and comfortable But the downside is the view ( or lack of it at the back) Definitely worth upgrading to bay view room. Excellent location On edge of Fisherman's wharf and with the cable car terminal a few steps away. Good bar and restaurant and bonus of free wine reception every evening. Would definitely recommend  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>juugee1
<Content>Absolutely splendid Overall, this is the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel was extremely clean. The beds were so comfortable, unlike other hotels. The mattress is one I would buy for my own personal use. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. Connie NG at the main desk was most helpful. She always had a smile and eager for any questions I had, and gave very accurate information. Their location is superb, being close to attractions and within walking distance. I can't say one thing negative about my stay. I definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OnTheWalkOfLife
<Content>Excellent base for exploring SF We stayed for 2 nights on a city break in May 2008.The location is fantastic right by the city's piers so great if you're there to explore the city as a tourist. Its a shortish walk to catch the tram that will take you downtown.Rooms were modern and tastfully decorated, we were on the ground floor and didn't get too much noise from the street, but probably best to get on the floors above if you can.Hotel is fairly large but the staff at the front desk were extremely helpful and polite. There is a bike rental place right next door, we got bikes and rode over to Sausalito and beyond, which I can't recommend doing enough.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SEDM1
<Content>better for pleasure than business As lovely as other kimptons in terms of quality of finish  amenities. Very servicable fitness area, in-room desks with wired net, cute nautical touches. Right smack in the heart of the tourist waterfront. I would come back with my spouse for vacation or if you're a business person dragging family then this would be a great fit. Some of the rooms are quite spacious and would be good for families. As a straight business traveler it was a distracting location, with a low noise level that I'd roll with if I were vacationing too but was hard to not feel curmudgeonly when I had 7:30 am meetings.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>642Traveller
<Content>Excellent What can I say other than spot on! The hotel is well situated, the rooms are quirky and very well presented and the staff are more than helpful. Would highly recommend over the standard chain hotels in a similar price range. You even get free wine in the lobby on an evening!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>melanie9449
<Content>Great Hotel       Argonaut Hotel  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sparkles8198
<Content>Well worth it!!! Wow! This was a part of our CA Roadtrip/Honeymoon adventure! I choose to upgrade to a suite if they had one available - I definately recommend doing that! The suite was amazing!!! The valet attendents were incredibly nice, check in was great, even sent 2 free bottles of champagne! The location was excellent, the restaurant downstairs was great, overall an incredible experience!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hatipa
<Content>Great location - Mediocre service - Dogs in the elevator We picked this hotel solely because of its proximity to an athletic event we were competing in nearby. For our needs, the price was more than we wanted to pay so we thought we'd at least enjoy ourselves. Front door service was warm and friendly, but beyond that, service was pretty average (or less). We gave up on room service after we tried to order breakfast the night before, the delivery time for breakfast past, and a call to room service revealed they were running at least 45 minutes late because some staff hadn't shown up; no one had bothered to notify us. We went to a Starbuck's around the corner instead. When checking out, while seeing if we were charged for the room service that never came, the receptionist seemed not to be surprised by the event and did not apologize. We were also surprised the first time we encountered a large doberman (very friendly) as we entered an elevator. It didn't take us long to figure out this is a pet-friendly hotel. The room was clean and comfortable - no complaints there. Bottom line: Fantastic location, nice rooms, high price, average service, and pets.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>jan009
<Content>Great Hotel in an excellent location We decided to book the Argonaut for our stay in SF after staying in the excellent Muse in NY another Kimpton Hotel. On arrival we upgraded our room ($20 per night v reasonable). We were richly rewarded with a large, spotless room on the third floor overlooking the Cannery. The two queen beds were extremely comfortable and the ensuite had a good shower. The room was quiet as the entertainment outside the Cannery finished at about 8pm. There were some really nice little touches in the room such as L'Occitane toiletries, Starbucks coffee, Ipod dock and free wifi. We ate breakfast at The Blue Mermaid restaurant on a couple of occasions and both times found the food good, reasonably priced and the service very good. The staff in the hotel were in general excellent; friendly, helpful and efficient. We found the location in Fisherman's Wharf an ideal location for tourists as many of the major attractions could be reached easily by walking or catching the cable car or F line streetcar.Some highlights for us were riding the cable car (go early as the queues can get long later on), the sea lions at Pier 39, the farmers market on Sat morning at the Ferry Building, shopping around Union Square and cycling over the Golden Gate Bridge. If you want to go to Alcatraz I would recommend that you book online prior to going. Alcatraz Cruises were very good and the boat goes from Pier 33 a short walk from the hotel. There a several restaurants a short walk from the Hotel and it is well worth a walk up Columbus to North Beach for excellent Italian food.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mich30
<Content>A warm welcome       View from the door, of the living/dining room and through to bathroom  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>American_in_Italy
<Content>Enjoyed the experience We were quite pleased with the location, although the trafiice (both cars and pedestrian) is pretty clogged in this area.We had a room overlooking the spot where you pick up the cable car, which was great so we could plan to go before the line gets tremendous (hint: earlier - before 8.30am seemed the best time).The room was nicely appointed in the nautical theme and very comfortable and clean. We did feel the walls were on the thin side - 2 of the 3 nights we heard our neighbors children in the middle of the night.The wine reception they offer is quite nice - be sure to check it out!I was also debating whether I needed a car, and was glad I did not bother. Parking at argonaut is expensive, and you can walk everywhere! You can even rent bikes across Golden Gate to Tiberon and take the ferry back - very enjoyable.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phyl51
<Content>Excellent Place to Stay! By far the best place that I've stayed while visiting San Francisco! The hotel's staff provided superior service and the restuarant, The Blue Mermaid, has one of the best waiters at dinner time that I've ever encountered. The room was also very clean and had a very comfortable bed. However, when I return to the Argonaut I'll spend a little more for the deluxe room as the window in the standard room didn't open so it got a little stuffy. The hotel is also in a prime location -- at the quiet end of Fisherman's Wharf but also within walking distance to many great places to eat and drink. I'm looking forward to my next visit to the Argonaut!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>yoberto
<Content>Awsome!!!!!! We went to San Francisco for the first time for my brothers wedding in Sept. '08. A few hotels were offered by the brides family as good places to stay. Not being skyscraper people we did some investigating of the wharf area on the internet. we narrowed it down to the Argonaut and the Hyatt. The Hyatt was booked for some strange reason so we went with the Argonaut. I guess all things happen for a reason because after I saw the Hyatt and where it was I was thrilled to be at the Argonaut. Gorgous hotel, super clean, great location walk to almost everything and if you can't the cable car is right outside your door. So close to everything but very quiet at night. I would recomend to anyone going to S.F. 5 star. P.S. The Blue Mermaid next door has great food.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Naveron
<Content>Excellent choice This is an excellent hotel. The service is first-rate with all staff having a can-do attitude: from the bellhops to the front desk staff. The location is convenient for many touring activities (although some parts of Fisherman's Wharf are a bit tacky). The room was very comfortable. I highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BoBoBabo
<Content>Great place to stay Being our first time in San Francisco, I checked out hotels on Expedia, then checked reviews on Trip advisor. Argonaut was exactely what the majority of people said it was. Great location, staff helpfull and attentive. The wine tasting from 5 pm to 6 pm is a great touch.Will be staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LIMOM2
<Content>Nice Hotel At The Wharf ! Stayed at the Argonaut end of August, family with 2 kids. Since I used Trip Advisor to help make our choice, I thought I should write about our stay. Hotel is in a great location if you choose to stay in the Wharf area. Down the block there's a Ben  Jerry's, Starbucks, In and Out Burger, Mc Donalds, Rain Forest Cafe and lots of seafood places scattered around the Wharf. There's also a Walgreens that's opened late. The turn around for the cable car is right at the corner. You will always get on at this spot because that's where they fill the cars up continuously, but if you don't go in the morning you can easily have a 1/2 hour wait. Also, don't think you can hop off and on anywhere you like because they are usually full when they pass by the stops. (This was our experience at the end of August.) Front desk people at the hotel were okay - the guys were a little stuffy. The door men are great, very friendly and have good dining tips. We found a great breakfast spot, Joanie's Happy Days Dinner on Columbus, a block from the hotel with a large selection of breakfast items. If you love great pizza go to Uncle Vito's on Bush St. at Powell, right on the cable car line. It's not much to look at, but the pizza really is great and the prices are very reasonable. As you've probably read in other reviews, the hotel offers free wine (a red and white) and a sparkling apple drink from 5-6pm. They have a very nice lobby and there's a good amount of people hanging out. The rooms are nice, clean and with a decent size bathroom. We stayed in a Deluxe 2 Queen with what I think they call a Cannery view. It looks out into a courtyard with tables and a mexican restaurant. It was quiet at our location at night. I think the city views, especially on the lower floors can be noisy with traffic and cable cars, so keep that in mind if making a reservation. We did the Alcatraz night tour (it's best to get tickets from home on-line because they sell out) and it was pretty cool walking through the prison and having your own headsets to guide you. Walking around the city can really get very hilly in spots, so be prepared with good sneakers. Also, bring a sweatshirt because it cools down fast. Make sure you do Chinatown, there's a lot of good souvenir shopping. There's also a little place on Ross (an alley way) where you can watch fortune cookies being made and purchase bags (the flat fortune cookies were delicious.) Muirwoods is very cool if you're into seeing gigantic redwoods. Bike or walk the Golden Gate Bridge into Sausalito which is a very pretty place to walk around and grab some lunch. Also, if you rent a car, the 17 mile drive from Monterey offers beautiful scenery as does a drive to Big Sur. One more tip - we did a Movie Tour, I think the website is californiamoviestours.com. A small bus takes you around the city showing clips of movies made in the area, and you stop for photos and breaks. Our tour guide was great, an actor named Wylie who was full of all sorts of interesting tidbits about movies and actors. Even if you're not a big movie buff (which I'm not) it's a fun way to see the city. We all enjoyed our stay at the Argonaut and loved San Francisco. Have a great time!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>NeroTransmitter
<Content>Living Argonaut LARGE We really enjoyed our stay the ARGO.It was a rough start as we somehow found ourselves in the middle of the San Fran Olympic torch demonstration (imagine our luck).Once we arrived, we were treated extremely well, and the confines of the Argo are a peaceful sanctuary to the hustle and bustle going on in this tourist mecca (fisherman's wharf).First tip, valet your car if you have one. This is one of the worst places in the country to find a parking spot and the gougers are always looking for a sucker who will may 65 bones a day for a parking spot.. The 40 bucks you pay at the argo is well worth it. These pro's will literally stop traffic for you.Each day they offer free Anchor Steams in the lobby between 5 and 6 PM. They also offer wine, but since I know nothing about wine, there is no need to go any further. They also provide for you stay a 'snazzy' spa robe. 'Snazzy' being a loose term here that is used in a sarcastic way. These robes are seriously orange/cheetah prints (how that fits in with the nautical theme i will never truly comprehend) and I think they might be for small persons, because I couldn't even get mine completely on. One size fits all.. i guess..The rooms are nice, especially for the age of the area. We had an ipod doc, nice bathrooms, comfy bed, good linens and all that stuff you would expect for 3 bills per night.Concierge, front desk and bell people were all extremely helpfull.I really enjoyed the chowder rest at the argo, we ate breakfast and dinner there. Room service was ah-ite, nothing spectacular.Across the street is Cioppinos, which is a great restaurant. Scomas is a short walk and has extremely gratifying seafood (and Amstel Light on tap). Drink a pint at the Buena Vista (staggering distance), with a nice view of the Golden Gate at sunset.Watch out for BushMan (the street performer), he will scare the crab outtaya.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TRET
<Content>Family Vacation Fair Hotel, above average - it was what we expected. Rooms are fine, services ok. Dining and bar above average (however for a three night stay, otherwise you would look for more choice). Not cheap, but what is cheap in life (esp. in SFO).Concierge restaurant suggestions which we followed could have been better (I am still wondering there must be better restaurants in SFO - or was I misunderstood).We would come again (should we decide to go to Fishermens Wharf instead of DownTown).  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>travelgal5544
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff, Terrific Location We just returned last night from our San Francisco vacation and I couldn't wait to write a review on this hotel. If this is an example of the Kimpton organization, then they should be very proud. The hotel was terrific, the staff some of the friendliest we have ever encountered, the rooms were sparkling clean, the room service was impeccable, and the location could not have been better. We did not experience any of the noise problems related by some of the previous guests. This was our first experience staying at a Kimpton Hotel and we will definitely select Kimpton hotels for future trips. As you can tell, the hotel was all about the nautical theme but it really worked. The restaurant was very good and not priced any higher than other surrounding restaurants. Best of all the location afforded us the opportunity to walk virtually everywhere we chose to go or catch the streetcar which was next to the hotel.Bottom line, I'd highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billbobaggins999
<Content>Bit dark but good location Hotels are expensive in San Francisco, but this had a 4 nights for the price of 3 office with Expedia for when we needed to stay so it made quite a difference in terms of value for money.I would not have gone for a themed hotel anywhere, but it didn't make any difference for us. It has a nautical theme if you're interested...Staff were friendly and helpful, in contrast to another recent review I found the Concierge / Bell staff to be very helpful and ameniable to my many questions for help and advice.I failed to book the Alcatraz trip in advance and missed out, but that is nobodies fault but my own (book before you arrive!)The hotel is in the shell of an old wharf building, not designed for habitation and very dark (at least in the reception area). Our room was also fairly dark, but not one of the best in terms of position which I imagine could be rectified with a paid upgrade...The room was clean and appropriately kitted out for the hotel rating with no unpleasent discoveries, other than the TV/Internet facility which was faulty, and the fridge that periodically made a humming/vibrating noise, this was not that much of a big deal though. To my mind I would expect stuff like this unless I was staying in a 5 star + (but I am English). Good air con.Didn't eat in the restaurant.Free wine ('tasting') at about 5pm in reception every day was a nice touch and a chance to socialise with other guests.Biggest plus for this hotel is the location. Although Fishermans Wharf is a bit of a dump with limited charm or appeal, it is a good place to be based as a tourist. You have the Cable car next door to the hotel which takes you over the hills of the city down into Union Square (where the shops are), it is a good point to walk or cycle to the Golden Gate bridge (1.5 hours - 2 hours walk) along the bay. You can also walk to other places of interest. There is also a buzz about the place (Fishermans Wharf).  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>smarge
<Content>Huge room, great views We have just spent two weeks travelling along the California coast, staying in five different locations. First stop, 3 nights at The Argonaut Hotel, San Fransisco, where we had 3 rooms as there was 7 of us (including 3 teenagers). All the rooms were huge with two double beds leaving more than enough space for a third if nessecary, the bathrooms however, were small in comparison but quite adequate with some lovely toiletries. Each room had great views over the bay of either Alcatraz or The Golden Gate Bridge. After the first night one of our group, who is a very light sleeper, asked to be moved because of the noise from the next room, this was done immediatley with no other incidents occurring.As the hotel is small the staff are much more on show, we found them to be very friendly and eager to please. We particularly enjoyed the wine tasting evenings, to which every one is invited.The hotel is located on the edge of Fishermans Wharf which has become in our opinion, a very busy, tacky, tourist area and not really our sort of thing. However, it is right next to the cable car turning point, which is a must and also provides easy access into the other areas of San Francisco. The ferries are also based here, along with the Sea LIons and many other atractions. Next to the Hotel is a bicycle shop, where you can hire bikes for the day to 'bike the bridge,' which is exactly what we did. There are many different routes that you can take from 8 miles to 25! This for me was one of the highlights of the holiday, although we were absolutely nackered the next day it was well worth it, just to see everything from a different perspective.The weather was quite changable and at times a jacket was needed however, when we biked over to Sausalito and TIburon the weather was very different and much hotter and we all returned somewhat sunburned.We really enjoyed our stay at The Argonaut and apart from its location in Fishermans Wharf , would most definatly stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TrvlbugPittsburgh
<Content>Wonderful Experience Stayed at the Argonaut for a business meeting and had a wonderful time. The service during the meeting was excellent and the lunches were very good.Because of it's central location I was able to get in some sightseeing. The cable car is accross the street, which takes you downtown to the shopping district. You can also ride the cable car to Lombard Street and walk down it. The ferry launch to Sausalito is only a 10-15 minute walk away.I loved the nautical theme, which was consistent throughout the hotel. The service was excellent and the concierge was very helpful.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DJWbb
<Content>Failed to meet expectations We booked this hotel based on its rating in several places as being a good hotel for famlies with children. The hotel is certainly servicable and without question has a good location but overall was underwhelming and disappointing. The front desk has a toy chest that children are allowed to choose a toy from once a day. However the toys are along the lines of a small rubber bouncy ball. Nothing wrong with this per se but not particularly impressive. The hotel rooms are stylized in a nautical theme but are otherwise standard fare. It is difficult at times to obtain tickets to see Alcatraz Island. So one might expect the concierge of a hotel to be able to help with this....Not at the Argonaut. Okay then,. perhaps the concierge can tell us about the usefulness of the Go San Francisco Card, is it worth buying? No such luck, the concierge had never even heard of this card. Want help from the bell staff? You'd better call well in advance, we waited for an hour.We ate breakfast at the hotel's restaurant and were amused at how they semed to run out of staple breakfast foods on a daily basis. One day they were out of croissants,. the next day out of muffins, the next day Orange Juice was out of stock, and yogurt the next day. Over all I feel that there are other hotels that are a better value for families and other choices down at the Fisherman's wharf area. I certainly wouldn't stay here based on any perception that the hotel offers anything special for families.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Claire53
<Content>Loved the jacuzzi We have just come back from our journey in California. The Argonaut was the last hotel we stayed in, the last but certainly not the least. We were 3 in our party: my husband, me and my 22 yrs old daughter, so we had reserved the King suite. When we saw it we were almost open mouthed because it was very, very spacious and full of amenities such as a very large living room with separate closet for the safe, a table with a vase of orchids and a chocolate box on it, a large sofa bed etc. There were 2 minifridges and 2 tv sets, one in each room. The windows had a view on the SF bay and Alcatraz. The bathroom was almost a wonderful dream come true: it had a huge jacuzzi with annexed window and view on the bay! We were on the 3rd floor and, as concerns the noise many people mentioned in other reviews, I must say that we were either very lucky or we enjoyed a very sound sleep, because we heard none. The service was good and efficient too.At the front desk I must say they were a bit impersonal, I mean they didn't have the overfriendly attitude we had experienced in other hotels, but...who cares? At the restaurant The Blue Mermaid we had dinner only once : it was a saturday night and it was overcrowded. The service was so slow that eventually we were angry and hungry, so we complained. They were very apologetic, said it had entirely been their fault and refused us to pay the check; we obviously insisted to pay what was due, but...no way. Such an attitude requires peace and forgiveness, so let them be forgiven! I will give them another chance when I'll come back to the Argonaut during my next stay in SF.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Red67Mustang
<Content>Terrific Experience at the Argonaut!       Room Decor  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoSpartans
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Service This might be my favorite hotel, ever! It is nicely decorated in a nautical theme (okay, maybe a bit over-the-top.) It clearly is a boutique hotel, nothing cookie cutter about it. The rooms are large with comfortable beds, well-stocked mini-bars, robes, interesting lighting, and big bathrooms. The lobby was wonderful with big comfy leather chairs and couches, beautiful hardwood floors, and a blazing fireplace.The service here is wonderful. Everyone is extremely friendly and helpful. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome, hail a cab, or get what you need. The concierge was also extremely helpful with dinner reservations, and even gave us a tip of hanging out at the bar of a local restaurant where it is exceedingly hard to get reservations (we were seated five minutes after arriving at Gary Danko's and telling the maitre de that we would be willing to wait for a cancellation!) Yeah!I love the location of this hotel at the END of the very touristy but fun Fisherman's Wharf. It is an easy walk to everything, but since it is at the end, you feel like you are leaving the schloky, touristy stuff behind and it is a little less crowded here. It is right next to one of the cable car lines (that could take you to other areas of San Francisco including China Town or Nob Hill,) has a Starbucks around the corner, a nice restaurant/bar next door (as well as many restaurants across the street or within a very short walk,) and is actually on the bay and Fisherman's Wharf. There also is a bike rental shop on the same block making it easy to bike across the Golden Gate Bridge, It is a short cab ride from the Presidio and the Exploratorium.I really liked this hotel and would recommend it to anyone going to San Francisco. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChineseCat731
<Content>Awesome hotel Great Hotel....perfect customer service from the doorman to the concierge. Rooms were immaculate and nice nautical decor. The wine party in the late afternoon was fun and a nice chance to meet other travelers. We loved the location at the end of Fishermans Wharf, close to Ghiradelli and the Powell Hyde cable car turn around. The restaurant Blue Mermaid was excellent. The chowder is the best we have ever had. Breakfast was a good value as well.Don't miss the chance to stay at this lovely hotel when in the Bay Area.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mascot20
<Content>Lovely Hotel Arrived in San Francisco as the first step in out California Tour. The Hotel is lovely but I would certainly opt for one of the outside rooms with a window. The Blue Mermaid Restaurant attached to the hotel was fine and the wine tasting in the evenings is a good way to meet fellow travellers. The only thing with Fishermans Wharf is that there are lots of vagrants on the streets which can be quite offputing when walking around. The hotel was right at the end of the cable car line so anywhere in San Francisco is fairly accessable. If you decide to stay in Fishermans Wharf I would recommend that you stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LondonSquiggles
<Content>a lovely hotel We loved this hotel. Slightly quirky design and features (like the wine tastings and the excellent choice in piped music) meant that it did not feel like just any hotel. Location great was exploring the coast (easy to cycle over the GG bridge, for example) and easy to get on the cable cars - or watch the queues build up later in the day! We were travelling with young children so the location suited us - if you want to hit downtown shopping then you might choose somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Welltravelled88
<Content>Loved the Argonaut Loved this hotel. In a great location, very close to Fisherman's Wharf and beside cable car terminal. WE had booked one room but had been upgraded to a suite when we arrived. Beautiful room, friendly staff. Would definitely recommend the Argonaut.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Needadayoff
<Content>Amazing location, fantastic rooms We stayed only a night in San Francisco. Check in seemed a bit hectic since are very strict about the 3pm check-in time. Everyone was loitering around the lobby waiting for the rooms to become available. I think we went during one of the busiest weekends in San Francisco, I used to live up in the Bay Area and I have never seen so many people at the Wharf in my life! Hotel's location is fabulous and it is easy to walk, the trolly or the bus anywhere you need to go. Valet parking was actually slightly stressful. They are far to busy and left the rented SUV on the street for a very long time (concerned we would have parking tickets or something with it being out there for so long). The room was comfortable and nicely appointed. It was clean and the amenities were great. We would definetely go back but plan to never go to SF during the summer months again, we will probably travel during Sept  Oct just to not be around so many crowds.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>UpstateYankees
<Content>Excellent location on waterfront My Wife and two children (67) had a wonderful time at the Argonaut. The Location is excellent for waterfront activities and was quiet at night. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the rooms were nicely appointed. The rooms are a bit on the narrow side, but nicely done and super clean. Some people had posted that it was noisy on the side near the park, but we had no such problems. There is a nice restaurant connected to the hotel, as well as a museum. We had the best time there in September and enjoyed warming-up on the cool nights by the great fireplace. We loved the waterfront, China Town, taking a double-decker tour bus over the San Fran Bay Bridge. We would stay here again for sure and I'm very particular about hotels.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachgoes_8
<Content>Excellent Hotel Our family of four recently spent three nights at the Argonaut, at the start of our California trip. We loved the hotel and had no complaints.We were all tired from our long, early morning flight when we arrived at the hotel but we were treated so well by the staff at the door and the front desk that we quickly perked up. Within minutes of arriving in our room our goldfish, Chester, was delivered to the delight of my daughter.Our room was on the second floor and looked out on to Alcatraz. I was surprised with the amount of noise out on the street, just how quiet our room was and we heard nothing from our neighbours. Fisherman's Wharf is a very busy spot in July!It is definetly a good idea to purchase tickets to Alcatraz online, as they do sell out. Also, the lines were very long for the cable cars but our doorman suggested that we go first thing in the morning. We went at 9am on a Saturday and encountered no lines. I was also surprised with just how cold San Francisco is so make sure you pack a variety of clothing.We thoroughly enjoyed the Argonaut and would love to return.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JetsFan8
<Content>Excellent Stay! Our family of 4 just returned from a three-night visit at the Argonaut. We had an excellent stay in a fourth floor, double-queen room with a Cannery view. The hotel has a great location: across the street from the Hyde Street trolley car turnaround, easy walking distance to the Alcatraz ferry (the Alcatraz tour is highly recommended) and to Pier 39, and an easy drive to the GG Bridge. We specifically requested a room where they had no previous complaints about thin walls/noise, and had no problems. The hotel lobby was lovely, and we enjoyed the wine/beer tasting there each afternoon. Concierge was helpful in recommending area restaurants. My only negative thought is the $39 valet parking fee, (they actually imposed an additional $5 tax on the parking fee, which seemed ridiculous), but the hotel's central location made that easier to swallow. I would definitely return to the Argonaut.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vrjenia
<Content>Ar-go-naut was Ar-go-HOT! We loved this hotel. It was perfect for spending two nights near the wharf for our one year anniversary. Our room was above average. Well appointed. Clean. Bathrooms were small compared to the size of the room. Lobby was great people watching. We hit the comp wine/beer each evening---don't miss this. Location on the wharf is prime. We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and did the GG bridge to Sausolito ride---would highly recommend this. Looking around the wharf we felt we definitly choose the best hotel in the area. Other brand name hotels looked rundown and seedy. The Argonaut on the other hand is first class and a must if you can work it into your budget. We'll go back for sure.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>redranamber
<Content>Recommended!!! Fantastic Themed Hotel located in the famous Wharf Area. The room we received was overlooking the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge and was nothing short of spectacular. Excellent facilities in the room included, Starbucks coffee, excellent shampoo/skincare products (L'occitane) , DVD/CD Player etc. and cleanliness was of the highest standard. The staff were very friendly and courteous and were only too willing to offer assistance with any of our queries.The Hotel is located a mere minute away from the Tram line which made acces to the city center painless, and of course you are near everything like the ferry to Alcatraz, bike hire stores, Bars Restaurants, Comedy Clubs etc etc.I see some people mention the noise levels in the Hotel. Indeed the walls were thin and you could hear a little of what was going on in the next room but to be honest the noise was minimal and after a days activity in San Francisco we never had any trouble getting to sleep.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>soccrgrl
<Content>Loved this hotel! Beautiful hotel, with a great location! Near Pier 39, cable car turnaround, etc. We had a queen/queen room, and found it very good size. We stayed on 4th floor,w/ view of Cannery, and didn't experience any noise at all. Hotel staff was very friendly, and the wine reception each evening was awesome! They had wine and beer! Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dribbs
<Content>So good you would want to call it home I booked this hotel based on the reviews here on Trip Advisor and I wasn't disapointed. Amazing location and an even more amazing buliding. As soon as we stepped out of the car we got a great welcome from the staff, what do they give their doormen? They looked happy all the time. Greated by a wonderful reception team and then to our room. I did want to book a suite or a non standard room, but even booking far in advance they had all gone. So I didn't expect too much, but wow, our standrd room was lovely. Plush carpets, funny dressing gowns, neat and tidy bathroom with some very nice touches. We didn't have the best of views (maybe I should have booked a year in advance), but it didn't matter one bit.The location is perfect, the lift music the best in the world (The Clash one day, the breeders the next), some of the best hotel staff I've ever met. The only downside like some others have mentioned is that the walls do seem paper thin, first night we could hear everything a lady was saying to her family on the phone. Though this only lasted ten minutes, on another night a young family trying to get children to bed. Though it could be much worse. It's an old building so I assume that there is not much else they can do and in no way would it put me off staying again.I'm normally a fan of ultra modern minimal hotels but this hotel has completely won me over and it felt like a home in the city. Can't wait to come back to San Francisco and can't wait to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Two_Fogeys
<Content>It was fine       Hotel - Cable car around the corner and up the hill 30 yards or so  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>snillor
<Content>great hotel,great location recently spent 5 days in one of the suites with my family of 4. The suite is extremely large and accomadated us easily. Very confortable beds and even the roll away was very nice. For a family the location is great with easy access to all means of transportation and sites. The staff was very helpful throughout our stay. We also were also able to get a much better rate than publicized. We certainly would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SteveDinsdale
<Content>Beautiful hotel in a great location... My fianc茅e and I spent four nights at the Argonaut in Mid-June 2008. It was a wonderful hotel, nice clean rooms and very comfortable beds. The door staff were always courteous and full of useful info!San Francisco was as great as ever, only had one day of fog, the other three were beautiful and sunny.The only slight negative was the valet parking price of $45 per night. But, this is SF and I knew about the charges when I booked the trip. The valet staff were excellent but be aware that the parking garage is two blocks away so it always takes 10/15mins for your car to arrive once you've requested it!If you're think about going to SF you really don't need a car, the public transport system is good and it's only a small city so getting from A to B is relatively easy.I would definitely recommend a stay at the Argonaut Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Jetsrock26
<Content>Perfect, But Very Noisy At Times We Checked In To The Argonaut On The 4th of July. We Had A Suite That Was $589 a night, which was an average price for the hotel's class. We LOVED our suite. it had a king bed, a bathroom with a jacuzzi and a large shower, and a reasonably-priced honor bar. The suite was completely SPOTLESS. No stains, no tears in the fabric, no peeling paint, NOTHING. It was as clean as could be. BUT - since we checked in on the 4th of July, let me tell you - NONSTOP NOISE ALL NIGHT. It was very annoying and I couldn't sleep until 1:30 AM because of it. It was very noisy on other nights, too.I have never had better service at a hotel. The staff was very friendly and knew everything you needed to know. There Was Happy Hour Every Night At 4, With Lots Of Wines, and, if you had kids with you, sparkling apple juice. The Hotel Is right in the middle of pretty much everything in fisherman's wharf. Sightseeing Bus Stops, The Piers are right across the street, awesome restaurants, and many tourist attractions. I can't even name them all. My stay here was as good as can be, and I would DEFINITELY stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>austravelAustralia
<Content>Bad service from reception        Inner room Argonaut  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>PickyTravelerWI
<Content>Near perfect experience We booked 4 days at the Argonaut on the recommendation of a friend who had stayed there and it was a great decision. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the rooms were nicely decorated and very clean. We had a King room, which was quite small, but we knew that would be the case. It didn't really feel that small for just 2 people. The linens were great and the bathroom nicely done. Our only complaint with the room was that the walls were a little thin and we could hear the people next door pretty well when they got up--probably woudn't even have noticed had we not wanted to sleep in and they wanted to get up at 6:30 a.m.. The location was excellent. It is right on the edge of the real touristy part of Fisherman's Wharf and accessible to lots of restaurants, Starbucks, etc. It is really close to the trolley and very close to bus routes, so easy to get anywhere. It is quite a ways from BART but there are easy ways to get there. This hotel is a great place to stay and is a good value for the money.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>byjove
<Content>Nice location, clean room, good service, noise problems I stayed for 10 days in a room with 2 queen-size beds with a nice view over the bay and GG bridge.The room was nicely decorated and very clean, and the beds were reasonably comfortable. Room service was prompt and friendly.The staff clearly pays attention to detail. Umbrella in the closet, NYTimes on the doormat in the mornings, coffeemachine in the bathroom (well, allright) with two fresh Starbucks coffeepads every day. Once the roomservice found out that I used both coffeepads in the morning, they silently upgraded me to three. It's those little things that make you feel at home.Free internet was available (by ethernet cable) which worked reasonably well, although the connection was sometimes slow and unstable.I liked that I could open the window in the room and get some fresh ocean air. Nice.The minuses are mostly about noise. The ventilation system would not turn off completely (the airconditioning could) and sometimes produced considerable noise, also during the night. The minibar produces a quite audible hum. The sound insulation between rooms was such that I could hear the neighbours having the oldest fun in the world in full detail. And the touristy environment means that once you open the window, you get some street noise (street music, idiots thundering around on motorcycles with afterburners) as an added bonus.If you are not bothered by noise (or wear earplugs during the night), the Argonaut Hotel is a very good place to stay. If it weren't for the ventilation system and sound insulation, I would have rated it as excellent.Tip: I was pleasantly surprised by the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. The historical ships just opposite the hotel are wonderful, especially the three-masted cargo ship Balclutha and the wooden ferryboat Eureka.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>MooseJoh
<Content>Nice location but some problems Nice place for a first stay in San Francisco. Near the Pier 39, the cable cars, the Alcatraz Cruises ... We liked this hotel but when we return to San Franscico, we will choose another one. Very bad Internet Access. Due to the price per night the internet access must be included and this is not the case!!! No WIFI access!!! Our room was not cleaned when we came back at 2pm, intolerable!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>hollymist
<Content>Excellent location on Fisherman's Wharf We had booked a 3 night stay in this hotel. We found the staff friendly and helpful. The room furnished  decorated to a high standard, with two double beds. We even had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Cable Car turnaround which was a bonus. The hotel hosts a complimentary wine reception every evening for 1 hour which was a nice touch. The location of the hotel was excellent for sightseeing in San Francisco. Would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cili_padi_nz
<Content>Fantastic Argonaut Wow, what a fantastic hotel! We were only here one night, - spent the rest of our San Francisco visit at the Omni to be closer to Union Square. From the check-in, everything was top notch. The lady at check-in was friendly, cheerful and very helpful. Our room was ready at around 1pm when we arrived. Our bags reached our room a couple of minutes after we did, and the friendly bellman apologised for the 'delay'. Did I say the staff was wonderful? The room has a whimsical nautical theme. The bathrobes had a wildlife theme, and it was wonderful to have a bathrobe that fitted. Usually hotels have them in a standard size, but the Argonaut supplies them in different sizes. Bed is very comfortable, L'Occitane toiletries, complimentary wi-fi., Starbucks coffee/tea, iPod dock. There are complimentary internet booths in the lobby. There is a complimentary wine hour at 5pm. I had the cider, which was very yummy. There is a complimentary Fisherman's Wharf tour on Saturdays at 10:30am. The concierge has menus for nearby restaurants, and recommended a restaurant in North Beach called Mangarosa (Italian/Brazillian cuisine), which was excellent. There are samba dancers on Thursdays for entertainment. Fisherman's Wharf is very touristy and I enjoyed my early morning stroll around the pier. Great location, wished we could have stayed longer. We came back a couple of nights later for an early dinner at the Argonaut's Blue Mermaid. It's a very reasonably priced family restaurant. Food was good, great service. We booked through Expedia.co.nz, and paid NZ$272 (including taxes) for the night.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdvmd
<Content>Wonderful place to stay Spent one night at The Argonaut and wish that we could have stayed longer. We even missed the free wine hour but what the heck, the staff was so pleasant and not in a superficial,' I don't mean it' kind of way. Valet was on top of their game and was very helpful with directions or anything we might need. The roofm was super clean and I was looking for dirt in the areas that sometimes don't get the best housekeeping job. I couldn't find as much as a crumb! We were on the fourth floor in a two queen bedded room as we were traveling with our two children. We were upgraded to a Cannery/Alcatraz view because of our membership in Kimpton's In Touch program but it was really just a view of the Mexican restaurant below unless you really, really cranked your head. Still nice to receive. We also had a note welcoming us and a big bottle of water but didn't drink it because it didn't say it was complementary. Overall a great experience and I wouldn't hesitate to return whenever I am in the San Francisco area. Great decor. This was our first stay in a Kimtpon property but I am going to seek them out from now on.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Elle080
<Content>Fantastic Argonaut Fantastic hotel, fantastic setting and fantastic city. Loved the Argonaut - very homely and the quirky rooms were so comfortable. We had the best view and the staff were always polite and friendly without being intrusive. Definitely a city and most definitely a hotel we'll come back to again. No complaints at all. Highlight of our trip to US.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chief400
<Content>Great Stay What a stay, great service from start to finish. The staff is beyond compare. When my flight was very late and my limo cancelled because we were too late coming in they contacted the limo company and made sure they were there for me. (Our 25th wedding anniv) They comp'ed us a room service dinner so we could just relax and the service never went down from there. Expensive hotel, but for a reason, they are worth it. Yes, the marine themed rooms are different, but the view of the Golden Gate Bridge right from our bed was great. I'm writing this a year late, but I couldn't let their great staff not get the recognition they deserve.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JimofOttawa
<Content>Excellence at Fisherman's Wharf       the bathroom  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CatwomanLondon
<Content>Good but! We read the reviews on tripadvisor before booking our hotel for a 5 night stay in San Francisco. First the good points. The room was very comfortable, it was a good size and it was immaculately presented. The bed was very comfy. The staff were very friendly and did their best to deal with queries about where to eat, where to go etc. The wine tasting every evening was a really nice touch.What wasn't so great was the noise levels from the adjoining room. There was no trouble with noise from the street but I could hear every word my neighbour said on the phone. This may be because these where interconnecting rooms. When we has asked about the noise we were told that the hotel was full. Also we had trouble getting through to room service and when we did the chips [fries for our american cousins!] were stone cold.Dont have breakfast in the hotel. The choice is limited, expensive and the Buena Vista Cafe is around the corner.The location had it's plusses and minuses. Fishermans Wharf is a bit like Blackpool with many cheap souvenir shops. Restaurants nearby are aimed at the mass tourism market and are not cheap. Having said that you are right next to the bay, the scenery is beautiful, it;s handy for the ferries and most importantly the cable car turnarounds at Market and Hyde. The hotel is right at the end of the Wharf so you do miss the worst of the crowds.Ride the cable cars they are a great way to see the city and unless you're a Sherpa the hills are out of the question.I don't regret staying at the hotel but I'm not 100% convinced I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>008-TheRoamingGnome
<Content>Beware of Certain Noisy Rooms Most of the reviews here are very accurate; however please beware that per management, there are a number of rooms that are not properly sealed between the rooms. Basically, it is a historical building that was renovated and where the interior walls meet the brick need to be sealed properly. I was one of the unlucky ones. What this means is that every voice, television channel and romantic moan will be heard in these rooms.I was the very unlucky recipient of one of these rooms and I can tell you that there's a lot of romance going on in the rooms. I have three different neighbors and one fought while the other two were moaning the exact opposite.Other than that, it is a great location and great hotel; however if they can't guarantee a quiet room, avoid at all costs, as this is a hotel that is meant for well to do 20, 30 and 40 somethings. Parents with kids, please have an open mind over a weekend.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PoofsOnTour
<Content>Its all happening right outside the door       Yes Captain  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>snorklemom
<Content>Great option for families!       Chocolate tasting in SF!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blackdog67
<Content>Outstanding Experience!       Argonaut Hotel - corner of Jefferson  Hyde  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ca_reviewer_08
<Content>Great for families, but not family-ish This is my first review here and I felt compelled to write something after our two night visit recently. I travelled with my husband and two small children (3  10m) and this place it the perfect place to stay if you have kids! BUT, there aren't kids running around everywhere and it still feels like a grown up hotel. I gave this 4/5 stars because it met all my expectations and more, but wasn't flawless.Quickly why I love this hotel:Great, helpful staffRooms are comfortable  clean (great beds  bathroom products)Room has DVD playerIn room with two queen beds (cheapest room??) there's enough room for an extra pack n play with room to spareFree Happy hour 5 - 6 pm and free sparkling champagne for kidsGreat locationAffordable/ValueDiscount on valet for hybrids (25% off I think)green hotel (ie recycle bin in rooms etc)The only downside was the noise at night. I heard people walking around and footsteps, etc. Although, this would not deter me from staying here again. Maybe just bring light earplugs to ensure a perfect stay.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NovaExplorer
<Content>Great Place to Stay! Great setting at the end of the wharf (so your not in the midst of all of the craziness associated with the shops/bars). Very close to a lot of things....and reasonable cab ride to any SOMA, Marina, or Pacific Heights restaurants you may want to try out. There is a Starbucks at the back of the building....just in case you like a quick cup of coffee to help you get your day going. No complaints - really happy with what this hotel offered for the price. It's not the Mandarin Oriental or Four Seasons (these would be 5 star, excellent hotels) - but it is a quality 4-star hotel that allows you to start your San Francisco visit off on the right foot! We ventured off to Sonoma, Muir Woods, Sausalito, Alcatraz, SOMA/Mission District, and Pacific Heights...we never once felt inconveniences or let down by our hotel - the guys at the front door and front desk are very friendly and helpful as well.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gammaguy
<Content>Worst noise ever in a room, paper thin walls I have never felt motivated to write in but a couple of reviews back someone complained about the noise and Argonaut management reply that they had made renovations to fix the problem. They havn't. We stayed on May 25th, 2008.The sound level in the room was the worst I have experienced in 15 years. I travel over 120 days per year so you do the math on how many rooms I'm comparing this too. Not only could I hear the TV in the room next to our, I could clearly make out that they were watching Law and Order. I went into the hall and realized that their TV was just as loud as ours, which was at normal volume. Later I could hear the guy next doors coughing. Too make our room even worst, we were in room 258, the stairs to the lobby and the elevator were right behind our heads. People were slamming the stairs door until late and started early. You could also hear the elevator whine. To add insult to injury there is a water/sewage pipe running through the ceilling and it swishes every couple of minutes when I first heard it I thought it was rainning. If we hadn't just flown in from Hong Kong we never would have fallen asleep..This hotel sells rooms based on their location. It was clean and the service was friendly but slow. The nautical theme is probably great for kids but is too disneyesk for me. Furnishing was comparable to a higher end holiday inn. A note to the management of the Argonaut , you spend a night in that room. Once you have, if you don't pull that room out of your inventory then you have not interest your guests.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Cats1
<Content>Favorite hotel We just returned from our second stay at the Argonaut and this visit was even better than our first because we were given an upgrade to a king suite. We love this hotel--it is charming, the location is excellent and the staff could not be nicer. We will definitely stay at the Argonaut again on our next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zoy209
<Content>worst case of paper-thin walls ever experienced The hotel is overall really nice looking, great location. But soon enough we found out the walls were paper-thin. Don't even consider getting any sleep in this hotel - any little noise from the neighbors you will hear as if it was in your room. TV, people walking, people talking, dogs scratching (it is pet-friendly), toilets, showers. People's conversations are not even muffled by the walls, you can understand every word! You will not sleep, I promise.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>R9MEY
<Content>Very Good Stay Very good hotel.Very helpful staff.Good situation for getting about.Lovely and clean.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevinkirsty
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and two children aged 10 and 8 visited the Argonaut Hotel for 3 nights at the end of our 2 week holiday to California. The hotel is in the best position, walking everywhere or just a few minutes taxi ride to Union Square and other attractions. The free drinks hour between 5 and 6 was a lovely touch.We had a family room which was very large with two large double beds.I would recommend this hotel for families as it is a bit more relaxed than the other chain hotels which are full of business people. If I return to San Francisco I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mushuBelfast
<Content>Very well treated at the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut for 4 nights in July-07. This is the best hotel I have stayed at in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The Concierge Michaela was fantastic , very helpful , pleasant and professional. She made our transfer from the airport (SFO) to the hotel very easy and stress-free. The hotel rooms were very clean and fresh.Probably if you have young children the only down-side is that there is no swimming pool.All the staff at the hotel are pleasant and will say hello to you , my 9 year-old son enjoyed the attention from the guys at the front door.The location is particularly handy for the Pier 39 , the Alcatraz ferry and the fire engine tour. Please note that tickets are usually sold out for Alcatraz when you arrive in San Francisco so its best to order them on-line in advance.Also the Fire Engine tour which takes you over the Golden Gate bridge is very funny and eccentric , we really enjoyed it. It is probably necessary to book it in advance as well.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KateinCastle
<Content>Convenient, helpful  I stayed here as a single female and it was a great place to be. The concierge was able to recommend great restaurants and trips, and the hotel is right next to lots of the sights, and the cable car turnaround so it's easy to get anywhere.Downside - I would have preferred facilities other than the adjoining seafood restaurant for breakfast etc.Definitely recommend.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>An_excited_tourist
<Content>Excellent!! My wife and I spent three nights at the Argonaut and were impressed with almost all aspects of the stay. The hotel is located in the Fishermans Wharf area in a remodeled warehouse.The rooms are spacious and clean, the staff is exceptionally friendly, and the location is terrific. It's only a block from the cable car line, two blocks from Ghiradelli Square and just a few blocks from the Pier 39 shopping area.Even though our window was only six or seven feet above ground level, street noise was not a problem. There is a reception in the lobby from 5-6 every evening with complimentary wine and non-alcoholic cider. There were no issues or negatives related to our stay.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Californiagirl29
<Content>Great place to stay We just returned from our second visit to San Francisco.This was our first stay at the Argonaut. What a great choice! The hotel and the rooms were very clean. The bed was comfortable (we had a king size). The employees were very courteous and helpful. The location is wonderful - in walking distance to many restaurants, shops, Pier 39 at Fisherman's Wharf and Gherdili Chocolate. We highly recommend the Argonaut and would not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dubroc
<Content>Argonaut - perfect choice! We just came back from our San Francisco vacation and stayed at the Argonaut from April 23-28. We absolutely loved the Argonaut and would not stay anywhere else for our return visit to SF. The location is ideal - very great restaurants in the area, close to Pier 39 at Fisherman's Wharf, Walgreens- one block away, Cable car stops on the corner, complimentary wine hour every evening, lovely Nautical theme and clean and comfortable rooms! We would HIGHLY recommend the Argonaut to everyone thinking of visiting SF. The staff is so courteous and helpful. What a great place to stay!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MKRWeLuvTrips
<Content>Small but Nice This hotel is located in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf. Lots to do in the surrounding area and most everything is in walking distance. The rooms are nicely appointed but very, very small. If you like sprawling accomodations this probably isn't the place for you. Although, it is nice and has been updated the room consists of a bed, desk, television and four walls. It's close quarters! Staff is friendly but not the most accomodating... Parking your car at the hotel is expensive and there are NO other options. Parking is a big issue in this city and I'm sure that is why the hotel charges what they do. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable location within walking distance to fun attractions in San Diego this is a great option!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LizzieandFred
<Content>Perfect Stop-over hotel We stayed here for 2 nights on our way to New Zealand from the UK. It is in the most perfect location (walking distance to Pier 39 and the cable car etc) and the rooms overlooking the bay are great fun. We had our twin sons with us in an interconnecting room. The rooms are decorated in a jazzy nautical style, are very clean and offer everything you need including hilarious tiger skin nickers, just in case you have left yours behind!!! Breakfasts were delicious and the staff were alway very cheerful and eager to please. Overall, a fun and happy experience.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>bom2535
<Content>10/10       Nice small lobby  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripgal1
<Content>Pleasant stay, a bit dark The Argonaut is situated in the middle of all the action, close to the Wharf and some rooms have splendid views of the bay. The decor was whimsy and fun, a bit dark. We found a great rate online so booked several rooms for all the family, including the dog. The staff is very friendly and accomodating! The parking fee is high, especially if you've a SUV. Also, I'd categorize the Argonaut as a fun, family-friendly, clean, touristy place, not sophisticated-class.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>thatsmystuff
<Content>Ambiance in San Francisco For a couple of nights in San Francisco to begin our holiday, the Argonaut was a great choice! It has a lot of atmosphere, friendly staff, and easy access to the restaurants and facilities of Fisherman's Wharf in combination with good connections to downtown shopping and dining.The maritime theme is everywhere, and done with good taste. The bare brick walls add to the ambiance. Our deluxe king room on the fourth floor overlooked the cable car station at Hyde Street, and also gave us an impeccable view of the Golden Gate bridge in the distance - what a treat when you're waking up with bad jet lag! The room was very spacious, and remarkably quiet despite overlooking the street.  The hotel seems to cater to a youngish-middle aged crowd. There were lots of families with children around, as well as older couples. If looking for a very quiet and classically sophisticated hotel experience, the Argonaut should probably not be your choice. Choose it if you are comfortable with a bit of a modern twist and a more animated scene.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>jadaMidland_MI
<Content>Argonaut is great! We recently stayed at The Argonaut Hotel for 5 nights the first week of April 2008. Parents and 14 year old son. We/parents had been to San Francisco before, stayed in Union Square. My concern was with Fisherman's Wharf location, but it was great. We would stay at FW again, and at The Argonaut again. We used the cable cars A LOT, to go to Chinatown, to Union Square twice, to just tour around. Buy a pass (we did 3-day). They are also good for the street cars/trolleys. We used a trolley to get to pier for Alcatraz ferry, which was nice. Lots of great walking and tourist shops between hotel and Pier 39. Side streets have lots, also, including the ever-needed Walgreens. The hotel is charming and smartly decorated, love the nautical theme. The 5-6 pm wine/sparking cider in lobby is a great perk. We rarely had wine with dinner as a result.It was quite cool and windy. Since then, many friends have told me they had the same weather in the summer. You must have a light jacket. The hotel keeps the front door open during the day, so the lobby is quite cool. Most restaurants do the same--lots of open air/fresh air! And of course, the cable cars are open air.Hotel layout: we paid more for bridge view. Windows are quite narrow, it was not much of a view. It was from the side, had to cram one's self into a corner chair to see the bridge. On the other hand, the alternative view is to see other rooms, across a narrow opening -- hotel is like a U.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mont1e
<Content>Classy We stayed here for a week over Easter. It is a very classy 4 star hotel. Our King room was large and very comfortable - the only criticism is that we were kept awake one night because we could hear a baby crying in the next room.The staff were all really helpful and friendly and the hotel is in a great spot.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marivi90804
<Content>Friendliest Hotel in San Francisco! My niece and I went to San Francisco for three days as part of our Spring Break. We stayed at the Argonaut and loved it! We pulled up to the hotel in our rented car and were greeted immediately. Check in was flawless. We were told that we had been upgraded from our standard room. That was a nice surprise! The room was larger than most hotel rooms with the usual small (but a bit larger than other hotels') bathroom. Clean, clean, clean! This is the friendliest staff in San Francisco. Everyone greets you with a smile and a hello. I've stayed at a lot of hotels throughout this world but this one takes the prize for catering to its clientele. An evening reception is held from 5:00 to 6:00 PM daily with alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. The New York TImes is delivered daily. I had a problem with the magnetic key. After replacing the key, I was asked, Is there anything else we can help you with? DIrections? Places to eat? These folks really want to help you!This hotel not only caters to humans but to canines as well. We didn't see any pooches on our visit but we heard that they're just as pampered as their pawrents. The location is prime. The cable cars are within walking distance. Hop on/Hop off buses pass frequently. The Aquatic Park, Fisherman's Wharf, and Pier 39 are within walking distance. We didn't eat at the hotel but we had a wonderful breakfast at the Buena Vista, one block north of the hotel. Their Eggs Bendicts are out of this world. Yum!We didn't try room service or the in-room spa services. The maid service is excellent. We put our Please clean this room sign before going to breakfast one morning. We came back an hour later to a room that was clean and ready for us.I highly recommend the Argonaut Hotel!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stanleyman1
<Content>Good Hotel , Good Location       outside the hotel  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PlymouthPilgrims
<Content>Quirky features made this a good hotel to visit..... Only stayed three nights as we were making our back to the U.K from three weeks in Hawaii.Very nice and very clean hotel, with all the extra touches I had heard about.All the fixtures and fittings were individual and very expensive, which makes a change from all the hotel chains that we usually stay.As you can see from the review before this, it pays to do your homework and make sure you stipulate (I would think this was obvious, but hey ho) that you want a view of the Golden Gate bridge as we did.I'm not too sure about the leopard skin bathrobe, but everyone else has white ones, so why not.Staff all very helpful and this proved to be a very suitable place to use as a base to explore San Francisco for a few days.Lyn and Ian Newell. Plymouth U.K  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Strathcool
<Content>Fine except for the restaurant The Argonaut is an imaginatively designed hotel in a former warehouse very close to Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms are cleverly fitted into the framework of the old building and are well-appointed and comfortable, except that there is a lack of drawers for clothing so we were compelled to use our suitcases for storage.The hotel's restaurant, the Blue Mermaid, was a big disappointment. It is far below the standard one would expect from a first-class hotel. It is nothing more than a large and noisy bar with a constant traffic through it. We only ate breakfast there and were immediately put off by poor service and greasy and overpriced food. Fortunately, there are many other better places to eat in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>RoulstonFamily
<Content>Excellent hotel       Our room at the Argonaut  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KampingKlown
<Content>The argonaut hotel? What can I say about the Argonaut Hotel but GREAT,GREAT,GREAT!!Its almost like you don't want anyone to know about this gem of a hotel. location ,staff, rooms...Happy Hour all fantastic! Wouldn't stay anywhere else at any price!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emma853536
<Content>Wonderful hotel Stayed for one night in March 2008. Lovely attention to detail in this hotel, maritime theme runs throughout. Comfy rooms with great extras should you require them. Friendly staff and great free drinks reception every day for an hour. We went to the restaurant which was fab. Only down side, no hotel bar (you had to go to the restaurant) i also got a very big phone bill for a 10mins call to the UK. But other than that there was no issues what a great stay we had. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jeff_and_family
<Content>Lots of personality in a great location We stayed there for Spring Break, taking our 9-year-old son and 12-year-old daughter, after a stay near Yosemite Park. We were promptly greeted by the bell captain and had our car  luggage managed with no fuss. We were checked in quickly, and accompanied with our bags to the room. We were disappointed to find out that we could not get a roll-away bed in the room (our kids have long ago become opposed to sleeping in the same bed); I had forgotten to arrange it in advance.The original brick and beam construction was evident in our room and the lobby. The decor throughout the hotel was fresh and original, with much more personalization than you would expect in a boutique hotel. For example, the lobby had chairs with an embroidered A on them, and our towels were also embroidered with an A. The hotel's own web site has lots of photos so I haven't bothered to post any.We had breakfast in the Blue Mermaid, the hotel's restaurant. Service and food were good, but I had an OMG moment when the check arrived. In fairness, this shouldn't be a big surprise in a hotel restaurant in the heart of a major urban tourist area.We visited Michaela at the concierge desk a couple of times and this was our only real disappointment in the hotel. We selected the hotel based on a recommendation from Frommer's San Francisco with Kids--it was their #1 choice of family-friendly hotels. But Michaela seemed perplexed when we asked about local activities--San Francisco isn't really a good city for children. How preposterous.The location is really prime. It's steps away from the start of the Powell-Hyde cable car line that runs all the way to Market Street, and steps away from the turnaround of the F-line streetcar that runs down The Embarcadero. It's also a short walk to Aquatic Park., Ghirardelli Square, and The Cannery. Although there is abundant night life in this part of the city, our room had no noticeable street noise even though it faced Jefferson Street, even on a Friday night.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>traverses
<Content>Awesome! We had such a nice experience at this hotel for our one year anniversary. They paid such attention to detail, it was the Disney World of maritime. Pay the extra money to get an exterior room, they're roomier  the view is nicer than seeing another window. I think it only costs about $20-30 more a night.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Papdadio
<Content>Fabulous Location and Comfortable Accommodations The Argonaut Hotel is a fabulous property for families, couples, singles, and groups who desire comfortable accommodations, attentive staff, and a convenient location to San Francisco鈥檚 Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf area with easy access to public transportation to all other areas in and around San Francisco.I would strongly recommend this hotel property if you have plans on fully imbibing in all of San Francisco鈥檚 tourist attractions. It also serves as a wonderful home-base for persons who plan on enjoying the entire bay area sights and sounds.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaunatodd
<Content>25th Anniversary The hotel = beautiful.The staff = wonderful; helped us celebrate our 25th Anniversary.Everything = GREAT!!!We will stay again!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FlopsyBunny
<Content>Sedate I recently stayed at The Argonaut on Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. This was a lovely hotel in an excellent location. The restaurants nearby were really good.The hotel was lovely. Very welcoming, the staff on reception were a little abrupt but nothing I couldn't cope with.The hotel has wine tasting every evening which was good fun, even if, like me, you don't drink. They have apple juice!What did surprise me with the area was that it just dies after 9.30pm. We got turned away from a couple of restaurants at 9.45pm! And the hotel bar doesn't seem to stay open for long either. At least you can sleep well with not much noise outside!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>seelster
<Content>Wonderful Stay My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon for 2 nights in early March and had a great stay.I had booked a room at another hotel on hotels.com on Jan. 6th though. Then 4 days before we were to start our honeymoon in San Fran., hotels.com send me an e-mail to say they had to change my reservation from a hotel downtown to a hotel at the airport. I rufused and was given a refund and no hotel. There was a huge 30,000 person convention in town at the same time so all the hotels were full. I got lucky though and was able to book a bay view room at The Argonaut. This was the best thing that could of happened to us! This place was amazing! We arrived at the hotel around 12:30pm and were able to check in right away! The staff were all so nice and called us by name whenever they saw us. The room was amazing! We had a beautiful view of Alcatraz Island and could even see the golden gate. Internet worked great and the TV was fine. It's not a big fancy TV, but we didn't fly all the way to San Fran. to watch TV anyway. What made our stay so great was the concierge. There was a wonderful young lady there that recommended 2 wonderful resturants for dinners and an amazing dim sum resturant for lunch. We enjoyed San Fran. way more then we ever thought we would and we owe that to The Argonaut Hotel and there staff. We can't wait to come visit again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greenhillgirl
<Content>Doggone GREAT! My husband and I and our two 50 pound mutts have just returned from a wonderful stay at the Argonaut. We chose this hotel because of it's great location at the end of Fisherman's Wharf and because of the Kimpton Hotel's fabulous pet friendly policy. When we checked in, we were offered pet beds and feeding bowls...no extra charge! No extra charge for the pets, either! There is a nice park right next door, so very convenient for doggy walks. One of our boys, Buster, was freaked out by the very highly polished wood floor at the entrance, and after dragging him the length of the lobby on his belly, we opted for the stairs instead. Problem solved. We had a king suite towards the rear of the hotel on the first night (Saturday), which was a bit noisy for us early to bed types, but the next morning we asked the front desk clerk if we could move to a quieter room. She was very gracious and offered us another suite at the front of the hotel, which was much quieter and had a spectacular view. Still noisy in the afternoon with the outdoor entertainment in the adjacent courtyard, and if we return we will ask for a room on the Hyde St. side of the building, which faces the park. The suites were HUGE, spacious and comfortable, and the jacuzzi tub was big enough for a family to paddle around in. New York Times  SF Chron delivered daily, great service, smiling employees, relaxed and welcoming atmosphere...it doesn't get much better than this in SF!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kaylene_Thompson
<Content>Clean, Nicely Appointed, Polite, Pet Friendly Home Away From Home       Kitty Enjoying The View  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loritanchez
<Content>Loved the Argonaut-Very Romantic       Growwwlllll!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lindagaf
<Content>Perfect location, very cool hotel The Argonaut is, in my opinion, the only place to stay in San Francisco, especially if you have kids. It's location on Fisherman's Wharf is great, because it is at the quiet end near the lovely park. I can't say enough about the excellence of this hotel: The staff were fantastic, nothing was too much trouble. The decor was spot-on (sophisticated and funky, but also the kids loved it.) The nightly happy hour was hopping. The kids loved the freebie treasure chest pick each day. The room was comfortable, decorated nicely, lovely amenities. Loved looking out the window and seeing the Park and Cable Cars and people walking about. Okay, maybe a little too much street noise, but if you stay here, there really isn't a way around that. The windows are pretty sound proof. The conceirge was helpful and knowledgable, the front desk went out of their way to give good service. The only sad note was the passing of Bubble the goldfish, as he was quickly christened. In the morning my son gave us the bad news of his demise. I told the front desk guy, he asked if we wanted another, but we didn't want to risk it. Loved that the museum was located in the lobby, though I understand that is temporary. Was a little disappointed in the breakfast at the Blue Mermaid, which was more miss than hit. The food was just never hot or fresh enough. Apart from that though, this place was a great choice for our 3 night stay.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Louise_1980
<Content>Love the Argonaut The Argonaut Hotel is one of my favorite places to stay. This was our second time visiting this hotel. Everyone was great. The wine tasting in the beautiful lobby was excellent and so relaxing.This time we bought a package so we had a deluxe room. Last time our view was nonexistent. This time we overlooked the Cannery and part of the Bay. I am not sure I would pay the extra money, but it nice to be able to watch the ships in the morning.Breakfast at the Blue Mermaid was included in our package. It was pretty good, not excellent, but the servers were very nice. I did have Crab chowder there twice in the evening and it was delicious. Once again, the service there was very friendly.I have two boys, and our favorite thing to do is walk across the street to the Maritime Museum and board the boats. The boys loved that they can explore every inch of these old ships. The price is a steal. The cost is five dollars per adult for an entire week. Kids are free. We visited every day of our trip. I think the most beautiful view of San Francisco is off the Balcutha, the sailing ship. You can see the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, the Bay, and the entire city.The Argonaut is very centrally located. We used public transportation including cable cars and the trolley. Ghirardelli Square is close, as is Pier 39 and Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf. We also drove to Muir Woods (beautiful) and Sonoma Valley which was a pretty easy trip.I highly recommend the Argonaut. It is such a funky little hotel, but very classy. I look forward to staying at another Kimpton hotel some day.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LindaFosterCity_CA
<Content>Top Marks to The Argonaut in San Francisco!! Hi -I just wanted to write and let you know how impressed I am with the quality of the service provided by The Argonaut. I recently made a reservation by phone and I was given the absolute best service imaginable by my representative.He was polite, helpful, and efficient. Who knew that making a reservation could actually make such a difference?The stay was also perfect. Everything was exactly as we expected and the staff were extraordinarily welcoming and helpful.Thank you to The Argonaut for its commitment to perfect service!Linda (Foster City, CA)  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lamorris99
<Content>Argonaut Rocks! First let me start off by saying...if you don't like dogs or kids, then don't stay here! The hotel is full of both. :) We brought our 2 chihuahuas to the Argonaut, since they are pet friendly. We had never taken our little dogs to a hotel before, it was an awesome experience to have them with us. Unfortunately, they barked at night when we left them in the room to go have dinner. The front desk staff volunteered to baby-sit them for us! It was sooo nice not having to worry about our pets. I especially want to thank Josh at the front desk! He was able to watch them both nights when we went to have dinner and take a tour of Alcatraz. The hotel is accommodating to any needs you may have, and all of the staff were friendly and polite. The walls are pretty thin, so we did hear some other dogs barking and some kids playing, but it was not bad at all.Valet parking was a breeze, however you are paying for this convenience. The parking is $39 per day and tax is added on top of that, for a total of about $45 per day.The amenities in the rooms are excellent...nice TV, nice lighting, nice shampoo, etc. Plus the location is awesome. You are right in the midst of everything. Steve  Barry's is almost right next door...a great affordable clothing store. I loved it!Thanks Argonaut!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tshare767
<Content>Excellent Hotel -- Convenient and Fun       Haight Ashbury Home 2  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>nephalion
<Content>Excellent Fishermans Wharf location       The bed and window.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>panda_tx
<Content>Argo-NOT       You can see where you have to kneel to see the mirror  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KMDA
<Content>Perfect Location The Argonaut is a great tourist location - right next to the Cannery and a few blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf. Great restaurants are everywhere and the cable car is right there. Also easy to get a cab or hop on the double decker tour bus to get to Chinatown, Union Square, etc. There is also an in-and-out burger next door for those of you who need your fix when you visit California!The hotel decor was great with exposed beams and brick. The nautical theme was evident throughout the hotel and there was a maritime museum connected via the lobby.The room was very clean and spacious! I understand all of the rooms are slightly different - we had a King room with a sitting area. The bathroom was a bit small but certainly adequate and clean.The only hotel meal we had was room service/breakfast one morning - service was very slow and they forgot several items. But with so many other great choices in the area, I wouldn't let this impact a decision to stay here.Expect about a $40-45 dollar taxi ride to and from the SFO airport. Parking is expensive at about $40/day - so if longer than a couple of days, I'd recommend the taxi.Overall - would highly recommend the hotel and look forward to staying there on my next trip back to San Francisco!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frmfx
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed at the hotel Jan. 25 through Jan. 29 in room 230. My flight from Tucson experienced computer problems, so I missed my connection in LA. My new flight to SF from LA was late, and we sat on the tarmac for hours. Once in San Francisco, one man in our shuttle van was drunk and obnoxious, and to top it all off, the rains fell in buckets. I was tired. I was hungry. I was soaking cold. I was not a happy camper when I arrived at The Argonaut; however, my reservation was there on the computers, the staff was helpful and friendly, my room was just beautifully organized and clean and welcoming, and that first night's dinner in The Blue Mermaid (fried shrimp for me and chowder for my husband) was perfectly prepared . . . and I had read negative reviews specifically about the restaurant and was mentally prepared for a disaster. The wait staff was courteous, and the food was excellent. When I woke the following morning, I opened the wooden blinds to see the cable car turnaround, the Golden Gate Bridge off in the distance, and the sights and sounds of the wharf waking up. What a perfectly wonderful hotel. The decor made me smile, and the renovation of the old cannery and its history added a charm that too many modern hotels lack. Thank you for a great vacation.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Essex_Advisor
<Content>Fantastic! Set in the old Del Monte Cannery in the Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco, this is a truly fabulous experience.Our room was on the top floor of the hotel, with a view across the Bay of both Alcatraz Island, the piers and (if you craned your neck) the Golden Gate Bridge.The room was large, and well equipped. Especially liked the Starbucks coffee and filter machine. (Why can't more hotels provide these touches).The staff were very efficent and friendly, and the evening wine tasting session was a fantastic way to wind down after a hard day's sightseeing.If you go to SF, make sure you stay here!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mamayogini
<Content>Really nice place! We were very pleased with the Argonaut. The staff really bends over backward to help in any way they can. The housekeeping staff and all the maintenance workers smiled and greeted us if we passed by. The fitness room was excellent, with new machines and video screens at each cardio station. They also provided water, newspapers, and towels in the fitness center.We only had breakfast at the restaurant, and it was fine; nothing spectacular.We loved the lobby, with the fireplace and the wine tasting every evening. Our room was spacious, comfortable, and even had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge! We also had a view of the cable car terminus, which was kind of cool. A definite plus to this hotel is that it is right on a waterfront trail -- you can bike or walk all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge (Fort Point is the end of the trail) if you like!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dramaq
<Content>Great Staff! My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut for 2 nights and adored it!!We like to stay in the Kimpton Group hotels and the Argonaut is now top on our list. We loved the touch of whimsy in the room decor. The location is also very good for those who want to experience the Fisherman's Wharf area.What made this hotel stand out for us was the friendliness of the staff.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Wesi1910
<Content>Great location       The hotel from the cable car turning point.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>NamurFred
<Content>Good service and nice rooms Hotel booked via Expedia.Hotel nicely located. The rooms are pretty big and the service was very good. The business center was very useful as well but not cheap.My wife and myself were in SF for 4 nights and we really enjoyed our stay. The price/quality is very attractive.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spauly
<Content>Fantastic Hotel with very friendly staff who could not do enough for you!       Sofa  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sierra1
<Content>Exellent choice for a family We just returned from a one-night stay at the Argonaut. This was our second visit in about three years. We got a very good rate of 169.00 a night, and as a Kimpton member, received a free upgrade to a 4th floor, bay view room. On our previous visit, we had a courtyard view room. Other rooms are nonview interior rooms and we have not stayed in those. Staff was very friendly, and our room was really, really clean. We parked in a garage near the hotel for 32.00 (the maximum rate); the hotel valet parking charges 39.00 not including tax. There is no garage connected to the hotel.We travelled with two older children and the room was large enough to accommodate us comfortably. Good sized bathroom. Very comfortable beds and pillows, and efficient heat/air in each room. We did not have any trouble with noise from adjoining rooms, but I don't think the hotel was full on the night we were there.My only negative is that although the hotel is located on the quiet end of Fisherman's Wharf, near Ghirardelli Square (which is being renovated), and the cable car turnaround, the rest of Fisherman's Wharf is so trashy. I'd forgotten how unpleasant it is to walk past junky souvenir stores with hoardes of people! But the city is beautiful, riding the cable cars to Chinatown or beyond is always fun, and Golden Gate Park and the Presidio are lovely.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ynpj22
<Content>Don't trust them for Events or anything remotely complex My family were staying at the Argoanut for my wedding. I'd heard great things about Klimpton Hotels, but something went terribly awry. The reservations were completely screwed up. They tried to give us rooms, that were already reservered by others, and did not tell me till I called a month before the wedding to reconfirm. I left mulitple messages and NO ONE would call me back. Meanwhile my family is wondering if they should cancel their travel plans to come to my wedding. Out of desparation I called a manager three weeks before the wedding, in tears, because I had not idea if my family had rooms, despite that I blocked off 7 months beforehand. Although the manager found us rooms, but the real disaster is when they charged the wrong cards for the rooms, that was was horribly embarrassing. My whole family was mad and yes, the Argonaut made me get in the middle of it to straiten it out. I was late to my own reception dinner, because they said they'd have the car ready in 15 minutes, and it took them 45. I think it was because the curbside staff was so busy chatting up the girls walking up and down the street, they forgot to do thier job. The place is nice, and the prices are great - but don't count on them for anything important.Relying on the Argonaut was by far the most stressful and horrible aspect of my wedding. They really ruined the experience for me. Every time I think about my special day, I cringe, and the Argonaut debacle is the first thing to come to mind, eventhough I try really hard to forget it and move on. Don't make the same mistake I did.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishLouise
<Content>Brilliant hotel! Best location for the Wharf! We were lucky enough to get a really good rate at the Argonaut - only $209 a night for 4 nights incl NYE, which is very good value for the location  time of year that it was. On the Wharf and beside the Cable car base, The Argonaut Hotel is right in the heart of what San Francisco is all about. Views of the Golden Gate bridge if you're lucky enough to have a room with a view, and the walk from the hotel along the wharf to Pier 39 is charming - lots of cute shops  San Francisco character.Rooms are clean  spacious, with a big TV, DVD player, ice bucket replenished daily if you want it  a cute chocolate surprise every evening at turn-down time. The beds are the most comfortable we've ever slept in at any hotel!! The hotel staff are friendly, providing complimentary wine tasting evenings everyday at 6pm - and they aren't shy with the wine  refills!!!The only drawback for the hotel is the restaurant - do not have dinner there!!! Whilst breakfast is definitely worth having, our dinner experience was 1 that goes into our book of dining catastrophes! They don't have a bar of any decent standard but there are a couple of Irish bars within a 2 min walk of the hotel, so that didn't cause us a problem.We love San Francisco and are already planning a return trip, and if we can get such a good rate from the Argonaut Hotel again, we will definitely be returning!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mohandesa
<Content>Nice and Convenient Place We stayed here for a few nights in late December. This is a very nice hotel, as other guests have said, and the staff is very nice. Our room was very large for a two-bedded room. The hotel is in a busy, and very convenient location, but was very quiet inside, even on New Year's Eve! We were only one floor above street level on the side street and my husband, who is very sensitive to noise, had no problems whatsoever. The only problem we had was that one side of the room was a bit warmer than the other; the weather was unusually chilly for California so probably that wouldn't be an issue at any other time.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>samgirl
<Content>Great Time at the Argonaut Hotel       View from our bedroom window.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Denny789
<Content>Staff were Great!!!! Argonaut Hotel;We had the pleasure of staying at the Argonaut for 6 nights in early January 08. I would classify our stay as outstanding. The staff of the hotel was friendly and extremely helpful. In almost every interaction with them, they went well beyond what we were asking about. Check in was quick and efficient. Our rooms were well appointed with free internet access, TV with DVD hook up and what appeared to be a good selection of pay for view movies. The room was very clean with high-end toiletries; the towels etc. of good quality. The hotel hosted a wine reception every evening, which was well attended and lively.The location of the hotel was perfect. One block to the cable car depot and the Buena Vista for Irish Coffee; a short walk to Pier 39 and Fisherman鈥檚 Warf; one block to a Starbuck鈥檚 and another short walk to the Bay. Ghirardelli Square shops were easily accessible as well. Access to restaurants was excellent with a very good Mexican restaurant in the Cannery complex and several seafood and Italian offerings right down the street. There was also a great little ice cream shop, Norman鈥檚, just around the corner from the lobby.The sole drawback - the room walls were paper thin. Sound traveled from room to room with pretty good clarity. This did not bother us as we were out and about and our neighbors were relatively quiet but this could be a challenge if you or your children are light sleepers.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>princesscat
<Content>Not bad for a few days       The room  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>HOLIDAYT8KR
<Content>Beautiful fun hotel in a great location! From the moment we checked in we were treated like royalty. We had booked one of the smaller rooms but it was still comfortable. Bike rentals next door (ride across the bridge) trolley very close and walk down the wharf. Parking prices very steep in their garage. Other parking garages close by at half the price. Wasn't very impressed with the breakfast at the attached restaurant. Service and food not very good. Plan on staying at the hotel again!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ayeyii
<Content>Great piece of history and a great location! I took my husband to San Francisco on a surprise trip for Christmas. This hotel was absolutely amazing. The service was super and so was the quality for the price. The location is great if you are hoping to do many of the tourist activities like pier 39, alcatraz, ghiradelli square, and cable cars. I would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carrotsarered
<Content>very stylish hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel after travelling from Chicago on the Amtrak train. The spacious and comfortable rooms were amazing after the confined space we had on the train. We found the staff to be very helpful and the hotel was a great base as it was so near the streetcar terminus. We also used the bike hire shop nearby and biked over the Golden Gate bridge - what a wonderful experience.We enjoyed the food at the hotel dining room and sat in the lounge with a glass of wine relaxing one night watching the world go by. We would both highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>FrenchTrotteuse
<Content>Pacific Spirit       Lobby Argonaut Hotel  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	2	3	

<Author>3SanFranLovers
<Content>The Argonaut is THE only place to stay Just can not say enough wonderful things about The Argonaut.My husband and I along with our 9 year old son were first time guests during Christmas at The Argonaut. From the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty. From the doorman, to the valet, to the front desk, to the concierge...it was first class all the way! The room was luxurious, immaculate and inviting. We had a beautiful view of the GG bridge from our window! We could walk to Pier 39 and enjoy all the sights as easily as walk over to Ghiradelli Square and jump on the cable car at Hyde  Pearce Sts. Definitely eat a few meals at the Blue Mermaid and be sure to try the crab/corn chowder....to DIE for! We were a bit worried about being away from home for Christmas but the staff at the hotel makes The Argonaut your home away from home and we have wonderful holiday memories to cherish! Love the beds, sheets and towels! Starbucks coffee for the coffee maker a plus!If you want to treat yourself to a luxurious getaway, you MUST visit The Argonaut.p.s. You must go to the lobby between 5 and 6 pm to enjoy the wine and sparkling cider by the fire! Relax in style!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjc666
<Content>Great Break       A view from the Golden gate Bridge  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blacksmithLosAngeles
<Content>Parking fine print Fine hotel but beware of the $40 per night parking charge  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmyMitchell
<Content>I love it here! We always love this hotel! However, we can only afford to stay here when it is off season. The prices can range from under $200 all the way up to around $500 depending on the season. I love the cruise ship look of this hotel and the location. This is in Fisherman's Wharf, but on the quieter side which is a particulary good location for tourists or those on business. It is also surprisingly dog friendly, which you wouldn't expect. This hotel is spotless. The rooms are the cleanest I have ever seen and I have very high standards. They have a lovely free wine hour and a well-stocked mini-bar. My only complaint would be that much of the staff seems overly agressive in expecting tips (so bring plenty of dollars to avoid discomfort) and the front desk staff seemed a bit snooty. This was a surprise to us as normally Kimpton hotels have an over the top friendly staff. My guess is that this was a fluke.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sf1943
<Content>Good Choice for Fisherman's Wharf We decided to stay here for the proximity to the bay (we had a very large double queen room with view of the GG), access to cable cars (one block away), and the variety that comes with Fisherman's Wharf. I had to attend to conference calls our first morning, and I figured the Wharf and a cable car ride to Lombard St were activities my wife and daughter could occupy themselves with.The room was large and spacious, the beds very comfortable, free WIFI, sparkling clean modern bathroom. The bell staff was courteous, professional and friendly, and full of restaurant recommendations. Parking and breakfast were not included in our hotels.com aggressively discounted rate, and we were charged $45/day for parking. The nautical theme is ubiquitous, and might not be for everyone! There is a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel, which is very convenient since the Argonaut does not put out coffee in its lobby. We were also pleased that an In and Out burger was right down the street (great West Coast chain that blows BK and McD away - fries are made on prem from fresh potatoes). I can't say anything negative about the hotel proper, but in our opinion there are much more desirable parts of the city to stay in. Fisherman's Wharf is plain awful, and not worth wasting one's time on.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gemma1977
<Content>Lovely hotel with quirky rooms We stayed four nights and had a great time. Spacious rooms - and some with a view of the bay and Alcatraz. Friendly and helpful staff - free wine in the evening - and lots of excellent restaurants within walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lrothfl
<Content>A really great hotel We just spent four great nights at the Argonaut. We require a wheelchair accessible room and our room was exactly as advertised. From the minute that we arrived to the minute that we left - every employee was helpful, friendly, and solicitis to any needs that we might have.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but did take advantage of their room service one morning for breakfast. It arrived when promised and we felt that it was reasonably price for a hotel [we have paid a lot more for a lot less at many other hotels],The hotel is only a few minutes walk from Fisherman's Wharf and we went there fairly often to sightsee and partake of their great restaurants and food.We try to travel to the San Francisco area three or four times a year and will certainly be staying here, again, in the future.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tobey4
<Content>very impressive we had initially been recommended to the holiday in by the travel agent but after reading the reviews of both that and the Argonaut on trip advisor I went back and asked her to get us into this hotel.It was all we had expected. The room was very nice, although a bit of a walk from the lift. fitted all of us in without a problem. The staff were all very nice and the door staff very knowledgeable. Corserge was a bit limited in her skills but others in front of house made up for this.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>Impeccable service: Three cheers for the staff here I've stayed here many times -- it's a great property no question about it -- even if you don't have a room with a view. This time I have to say that everyone I spoke with/met -- from bellmen to housekeeping to front desk and beyond...truly one of the nicest, most accomodating teams I've encountered in a long time. It makes the stay even more enjoyable. Thanks!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HP14
<Content>Thought on the Argonaut I had to be in San Francisco for work on Monday so flew out the Friday before. It seemed obvious to look for somewhere at Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and I was very impressed that the Argonaut had rooms available for only $150 a night. It took a while for work to confirm the meeting, by that time I realised that Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf is full of burger bars and t-shirt shops and the price had risen to $250. But it still seemed a good place to be based so I booked it. Was it worth it? Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf was dire but the hotel is the very last building on the row 鈥?there is a park across the street and you can get up early and walk all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. In the park is the cable car terminus for the spectacular ride across town and a short walk in the other direction is the historic tramcar that runs all the way along the wharf and also into town.On the plus side, the rooms are large, the building may be in a former cannery but you certainly don鈥檛 feel like a tinned peach, the furnishings are new, it is impeccably clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. There is a strong nautical theme, a little tiresome, but at least it gives the hotel some character, I can鈥檛 imagine there is anywhere else like it. But鈥? Although the room I was shown was on the 2nd floor (ie one above ground) it had a window straight on to the street, as the ground slopes back from the hotel. I was able to move, without a problem, to a room at the side, overlooking a courtyard. That was exceptionally noisy all evening (just of a flight from London all I wanted to do was sleep) and the next day a horrific singer was performing by noon and when I came back at 6 there was someone else, equally bad, there. So I moved again. I was warned about the lack of a view (though only very few rooms would actually have a view of the water) and of street noise was what I wanted 鈥?and as the lightwell is huge, the room was still bright and the silence was golden.Where the Argonaut really crashed upon the rocks though was with the miserable restaurant. It was expensive and service was foul, breakfast was a plate of hard bacon and potato pieces together with an egg. When I asked the waiter whether it was meant to be chilled, I was totally ignored. I asked again and there was a grunt, yes, I think (it was quite clear that he really couldn鈥檛 care less).Someone at work had stayed there before and said that while they wouldn鈥檛 stay there again, it wasn鈥檛 so bad that I should cancel. I think that was right. It was fine, there were many plus points but the bad ones were such that I probably wouldn鈥檛 go back. Though for $150 maybe I could be persuaded !  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Colszy
<Content>Great Hotel - good location Stayed for 3 nights in late November and extremely impressed with the hotel and staff. Hotel is clean, maintained to a high standard and the staff are courteous and friendly. Only complaints - one room was on the smallish side (but very clean and pristine), and the bar seemed to close early(ish) a couple of nights. The other room we had was larger for the same tariff. We arrived early on check-in day, however the reception staff had two rooms for our party within minutes of arriving and without any fuss whatsoever. On arrival we noticed that the safe in the room had malfunctioned and rang reception. Maintenance were knocking on the room door 3 minutes after calling reception and brought a new safe to install - they were gone in 20 minutes with no fuss.It's in an ideal location for sightseeing and adjacent to the Hyde and Powell cable car terminus which takes you all the way to Union Square (shopping). Alcatraz ferry is 15min walk, and Pier 39 (bit tacky) is 10 min walk. Taxi to downtown was approx $12. Taxi to airport $42.I will definitely stay here again when next in San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vinoguy
<Content>Mixed Feelings My wife and I wanted a hotel that was 'kid friendly' and in a good location. The Argonaut came highly recommended. After making our reservations, we received an email offering us a discounted room upgrade if available at check-in time. We chose to do so. When we arrived, there was in-fact a suite available and we took the upgrade. The room is amazing! It is enormous. At first glance, we were extremely happy. The staff was extremely courteous, the hotel itself is very well kept and the location is excellent. Right in Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance of just about everything.However, after the first day, we quickly realized that there were several problems. The room was at the back corner of the hotel and borders two busy streets. There is a great deal of noise that enters the room from the streets. There is a pick-up/drop-off point for a trolley (with a bell). There are a lot of delivery and/or garbage trucks that seem to be driving by at all hours of the night. I felt like I was in a 2nd floor New York apartment vs. a suite in an expensive hotel. Another significant annoyance was trying to regulate the room temperature. San Francisco weather is warm during the day and cold at night, however the thermostat in the room could only be set to heat OR cold, there was no 'auto' option. So we would constantly be switching the thermostat back and fourth trying to get the room to a reasonable temperature. This became extremely annoying at night when I would wake up at 4am sweating because the room got too warm OR because my 2-year-old son was crying because he was too cold.Some other minor annoyances: the doors between the living room and bedroom and between the bedroom and bathroom are sliding doors vs. regular doors, they creek and make a lot of noise, this poses a problem when you have a sleeping baby.On the positive side, the size, decor, and amenities of the room rank in the top hotels rooms we've ever stayed at. The hotel did offer complimentary strollers on a firsts-come basis and that was a tremendous benefit! Room service was fast and the quality was very good. There was a complimentary wine reception every evening from 5-6 that was a very nice touch (and the wine they served was very good). The water pressure was very good as well (a pet peeve of mine). And all of the bell-men, concierges, front desk attendants, and valet parking people were extremely friendly and helpful.At the end of the day, I have to give this hotel a mixed review. The price of the overall stay compared with other hotels we looked at place the Argonaut towards the top of the 'middle of the road' range. The room upgrade was a great value and I definitely recommend it to anyone. I just regret some of the little annoyances that took away from the overall experience.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Chicago60614
<Content>Unique Hotel Unique hotel and definitely a must if that is what you are looking for. My fiance and I stayed at the Argonaut last week and with the exception of a couple of minor kinks, I would give it two thumbs up. I was lucky in that I read some reviews to prepare me but was still very pleased! First of all, they have a great little happy hour from 5-6 pm in the lobby with free wine and beer. It's also in a great neighborhood (Fisherman's wharf), very touristy, but when in Rome, you should probably be a tourist for the day. The breakfast at the Blue Mermaid (hotel restaurant) was really good. The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. The room was very unique as is the hotel (as you can see from other reviewers pics) and that was what I was looking for. My main complaint was the bed wasn't as comfortable as many other high end hotels (it crowned a little in the middle and was kind of soft). Another minor kink, that could and should be easily fixed by the hotel property, is that the shower curtains don't have magnets to hold them down to the tub, so don't be surprised if you find the curtain clinging to you as you are showering. Beyond that, I still found this a fabulous place to stay, and it also happens to be two blocks from one of the most amazing restaurants I have ever been to in the world.....Gary Danko's (and I am a foodie ;-). Be sure to make reservations there weeks in advance though.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovestotravel101
<Content>Oh my goodness!!!!       Entrace sign  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drbobak
<Content>Lousy Walls, Lousy Internet, Lousy Room Service I stayed at the Argonaut to attend a conference. If you stay at the Argonaut, you will be at the mercy of the people in the rooms next to you, as there is virtually no acoustic insulation. You can hear conversations at normal levels, as well as the TV. The internet is agonizingly slow. Cannot watch streaming media and large files take forever. I also notice other computers appeared on my places section (MacOS 10.5) That was a bit unnerving. I used room service one night and actually got a recorded message asking to leave my name and room number. After 20 minutes I called again and got the same message. So I just kept redialing and got through. I order soup and a salad. The food arrived 40 minutes later, and the soup was lukewarm. The decor is OK, if you like a nautical theme. I don't think I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>PhilGab
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Fisherman's Wharf My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon there and loved the service. We were given an upgrade upon arrival and stayed on the 4th floor overlooking the Cannery (which is very quite at night). Despite earlier reviews, I did not find the walls to be paper thin as we never heard our neighbors. The free wine and beer in the lobby was very nice, even though the wine was not the best quality (the beer is a local brew that was very good).  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ballybeg
<Content>Location location location Originally we had planned to stay in Union Square but when our adult daughter decided to join us on holiday at the last minute we needed a hotel that could accommodate the 3 of us (with room to move). The theme was fun, staff were always helpful and the location was brilliant-everything within walking distance or close to tram lines. Fishermans Wharf a great tourist spot and base from which to explore San Francisco. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MEMemphis
<Content>Exremely Pleased! Stayed one night at the Argonaut and wished I could've stayed longer. Friendliest, most helpful staff of any hotel stay I can recall. Great location and rooms. I love the whimsy of Kimpton hotels with their hotels individual theme combined with excellent staff and attention to detail. Would definitely stay here again (or at another Kimpton to experience another theme.) I booked an Internet Special rate on the Argonaut website and was very pleased at the savings.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GloucestershireGrape
<Content>I love this hotel This hotel is fabulous. The location is great, the staff are lovely, helpful and so keen to help and make your stay memorable. The rooms are nicely decorated and i like the quirkly design which follow through from the rooms to the lobby area. I loved the lobby, it was cosy with the fire going and felt like someone's living room rather than a hotel lobby!!The free wine for an hour every evening was nice, you got to see everyone in the hotel and have a chat if you felt like it!!There are endless great resturants in San Francisco, really spolit for choice, especially if you like seafood!!Great hotel, great location, fabulous stay.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovett1
<Content>great property Great hotel--very detailed. Staff is excellent. Location is great. Only problem was with room service close to closing time of restaurant. Highly reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Imasundog
<Content>Argonaut - Great Hotel Stayed 5 nights at the Argonaut hotel Oct. 21-25 and enjoyed it immensely. I will not go into great detail as there are many positve reviews found here that accurately reflect our findings.The rooms are fairly large, very clean, and quite well-appointed. My one small suggestion would be to exhange the small lounge sofa for a small table and two chairs. Bed was very comfortable, no problem with TV, internet, etc. Service was always friendly and helpful, and yes the wine tasting happy hour was a great way to meet some fellow travelers.The location, as stated, is great.....very close to public transportation. If I visit this great city again I might stay in Union Square now that I've got my bearings about the place; but if you want to say in the Wharf area I would very highly recommend this property.Paid $197/night + taxes through AMA (Alberta version of AAA).  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tracilaroo
<Content>Overbooking! We had a lot of problems finding a hotel in San Fran for the particular night we were staying there due to a major convention in town. We were supposed to be traveling the week before but my husbands business trip got moved and we had to change the dates. I spent many hours searching for a new hotel and finally decided on the Argonaut. We were really looking forward to it. Today we received a call that they had over booked and rebooked us in the Handlery Hotel and they would be paying for it. Unfortunately the Handlery is no where near the same as the Argonaut. It's less than half the price and looks no where near as nice. When I called te Argonaut back I was told there are no rooms in the city which is probably true since we can't find any either and they over booked as the result of a computer glitch. I didn't feel that the apology was sincere and there was no concern over my wasted time or the effect this might have on our vacation. I think we should have a least been offered a free stay on our next trip to SF. We won't be staying at this hotel or any others that are part of this chain.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belmer
<Content>Wow Recently stayed here for 7 nights. Nothing bad to say about the Argonaut, in fact its all good.The staff were all very helpful and friendly. The nautical theme is distinctive and pleasant. Our room was very comfortable and of a good size.Its also very well located for the wharf, and the Hyde St cable car is a very short walk away.The wine tasting session in the lobby each evening was very welcome. We turned a few heads though when they gave us an apple juice to our 2 year old in a wine glass. We spent most of our time assuring our fellow guests we were'nt trying to ply our offspring with alcohol.You won't go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>royalmad
<Content>Great location and stay The staff at this hotel was very friendly and helpful. When we lost a stroller, they loaned us one. My 4 year old loved selecting items from the treasure chest. The location next to Fisherman's Wharf is great. Our room was large and very clean.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>travelmomOntario
<Content>A Nice Place We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel Oct. 12-17 2007. We are a family of four our children are 10 and 12. Stayed in room 287 very nice, good size clean etc. My only complaint is that we payed extra for a room with a view and ended up with a room facing the courtyard. By the time I had noticed we were already unpacked and we didn't want to go to the trouble of moving.Location is very good, near everything.Wine tasting every evening a nice touch. There is cider for the kids and beer for those who don't like wine.Some people complained about hearing noise from other rooms, we did not experince this.Would recommend this hotel, just look out the window as soon as you get to the room.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Scots4sun
<Content>Fantastic time in San Fran Had a fantastic time in a lovely hotel. The staff were great and couldn't do enough for you. Can recommend attending the free wine hour every night. Jack's Bar a few doors a long is worth a visit.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jenkel
<Content>Couldnt fault it at all Stayed here in September for 4 days, couldnt fault the hotel at all, great central location on Fishermans Wharf, we did have a bay view room and had a lovely view, room was a reasonable size, bed was very comfortable and we didnt hear any noise in our room, our room was at the front of the hotel. We had one meal in the hotel which was fine, normally had breakfast at Lois's in Ghiradelli Square or Buena Vista, both within a few mins walk of the hotel. Also had a fantastic meal at Ana Mandala which was fantastic and again a short walk away. Hired some bikes and cycled across the Bridge to Sausalito which I would recommend and of course went to Alcatraz which was fantastic. Oh and of course if you can time it well, the hotel does free wine testing I think between 5 and 6 every afternoon. And if by any chance somebody is reading this, thank you very much to the wonderful american couple who we ate breakfast with at the Buena Vista and who paid for our breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ravitek
<Content>Cute but Tiny The hotel looks great from the outside, and the lobby and other decor is probably the best on this waterfront. Go here for a drink or the free wine tasting they have every afternoon. Staying here is another story, we booked in advance direct (paid top) and when we got there were given most probably the smallest room for 2 nights.They told us they were fully booked, but we saw vacant rooms on the way to our allocated (so mis timing from house keeping to reception was noted). Spoke to house keeping to confirm other rooms were available and asked the head of house keeping to let reception know, they did and managed to change our room the next day (no apology). I paid hundreds of dollars for my stay here and the first day was spoiled by them because we were shuffed in the basement matchbox room. It all smiley and nice.They tried it on - I winged and got a better room.Also had a massage at the other hotel who this hotel concierge can arrange, (was a gift for my misses) the massage cost us $310 (inc tips) and was pitter patter touching (if you need the name for the massage place to avoid let me know). Another client cancelled as we walked out (in a huff) as they ran 20 minutes late.If you like a winge for your high rate stay here.They give you yoga mats, my misses liked that.Photo's are of room before and room after winge.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>BoatMom
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We recently had a two night stay at the Argonaut. They upgraded us to a King Suite, beautiful views, large, lovely room, and a wonderful soaking tub in the bathroom. The bath products were suberb and it was wonderful to soak in the tub after a day of exploring in San Francisco.The hotel is within walking distance to everything you would need. The hotel restaurant was a disappointment, so I would suggest eating elsewhere.The staff is helpful and friendly. The wine reception in the evening is great.The valet parking is expensive ($40 plus tax) but it is the city!All in all, a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sailorgirlmn
<Content>Nautical and nice Stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights in late September. Double room wtih 2 beds was roomy and spacious. Nice touch of robes and slippers in the room. Amenities were Aveda - very nice and were replaced daily! Hotel restaurant which also provides room service was excellent - food was reasonably priced and arrived hot and on time as promised. Beds very comfortable and green focus on recycling, linens etc... is present and well done! Really enjoyed my stay!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>MartyMcfly1985
<Content>Fisherman鈥檚 friend We stayed at The Argonaut for 4 nights at the start of our 2 week holiday. Very impressed with the location 鈥?short walk along the waterfront to Pier 39 but far enough away from the hustle and bustle.Very close to Lombard Street and the cable car turnaround direct to Union Square almost on the doorstep.The room was spotless and the decor throughout the hotel looked modern and good quality. The staff were always polite and helpful.We paid for a room with a view which was spacious and had a nice viewof Alcatraz to wake up to. The one down side was how clearly we couldhear people in the rooms next to us. At times, we could hear conversations word for word. Despite that, we would definitely stay here again. Perfect location in a beautiful city.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PolarGirl_77
<Content>Great Service  We stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our Northern California holiday. The welcome was great - arriving just in time for the wine  beer tasting hour (5-6pm I think) - we were handed a glass of wine to take up to our room. The room itself was spot-on, a good size and in a quiet location as requested. Hairdryer and lovely L'Occtaine goods in the bathroom; clean bedding, a fridge, iron and safe in the room - everything you could need really. The decor was nice, with a nautical theme running throughout the hotel. The only downside was that the room was quite dark because there was no overhead lighting, but this wasn't a big problem.We had a nice breakfast (which wasn't included in our rate) in the adjoining Mermaid (?) restaurant on our first morning. All in all a very good place to stay 鈥?great service and good attention to detail.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pipkav
<Content>Great location  Stayed at the Argonaut for the first 4 nights of our grand tour of California. Won't go on about the quirky rooms as there are already plenty of pictures already on this site. Excellent location in the Cannery right by the Hyde Cable car turnaround which in itself makes for a great initial impression of San Francisco for those (like us) who have never visited the city before. Fisherman's Wharf itself is a little 'cheesy / touristy' in parts, but not entirely a huge surprise in reality. Get your walking shoes on  get out  about as the city behind the Wharf is really pretty and a great experience - everything you have seen on the TV  more . Back to the hotel........the staff were great, the restaurant attached to the hotel a little disappointing but plenty in the close vicinity to choose from. Then there is the complimentary wine reception each evening.....only found time to do this on our last evening...excellent!! With hindsight, would have made a point of going each evening as the wine was great and the staff were more than happy to offer to refil! Would definitely stay again, although would try for a room with a view next time (our room looked out onto a rooftop to the rear of the building unfortunately but hey there was too much to do to spend time in the room anyway!)  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ARonen
<Content>A very good hotel in a great location Beautifully Decorated in sea and marine themes. Rooms spacious and spotless clean. Lobbyand restaurant very nice and inviting. Staff was very kind and children-friendly.Not much view from the room itself, but very close to lovely view points. We walked from Union Square to the hotel with our children (5 and 10). Would love to stay again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hudyjudy
<Content>totally friendly for the disabled traveller Ok so i filled in a competition, and won a week in San Fransisco.I had to leave all the organizing to some one else, flights, hotel everything.All i can say to them is the biggest thank you, for you made the best choices anyone could have for someone with disabilities. The Argonaut Hotel is wonderful, the staff so friendly, from housekeeping to the concierge, the young staff on the door, Donovan  Ernie, made travelling in the city effortless. The hotel is spotless,  the cleaning they have to do is not intrusive.I was even allowed to take my electric disability scooter up to our room,  there was no quibbling about charging up.The restaurant in the hotel was wonderful for breakfast.All i need now is ti win another compitition so that we can go again.Thank you Argonaut , for a wonderful holiday.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Flackie
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Location We stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights before returning from the UK from our 3 week road trip around California. I chose the Argonaut because a friend had recommended it. He was not wrong. Lovely hotel in a good location with very friendly staff. Just far enough along Fishermans Wharf to avoid the main bussle but near enough to make walking around easy. It is also very convenient for the tram station. Room was nice and spacious and novelty robes they supply are a nice touch. Complimentary toiletries are nice with everything you could need including cotton wool. Blue Mermaid restaurant very convenient for breakfast although did not eat evening meal there so cannot comment on that.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jamiepea
<Content>The ONLY place to stay with small children My 5-year-old son Max and I go on a local, annual getaway. This year his criteria was that the hotel have video games. The Argonaut had so much more. The front desk clerk invited him to choose from a treasure chest of really nice toys upon check-in. They sent up complimentary crab-shaped cookies with our room service (this is Fisherman's Wharf after all). After a big day of sightseeing (nearly all the important stuff is within easy walking distance) we unwound in a deep jacuzzi tub with views over Alcatraz and played a BUNCH of video games. We were upgraded to a 2-room suite through their online upgrade program (you pre-register and then get the room for a pre-arranged low price if it's available), and I loved the plush, nautical decor. I recommend this hotel to anyone, especially families.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TurdyMeister
<Content>Great Hotel! My wife and I stayed here for two nights, as part of our touring of California. The hotel enjoys one of the best locations, being right on Fisherman's Wharfe. Upon arrival, we were allocated a standard room, overlooking the courtyard between the cannery and the hotel. The sounds of live music drifted from the courtyard, as we arrived in the room, which was originally decorated, mainitaining the nautical theme.The quality of the furnishings was good, the room was spacious and well maintained and the everything was immacuately clean.We only ate in the restaurant for breakfasts but they were supreme. If you are staying the near future, you must try the omlette!Overall, this was a wonderful base to explore the Wharfe area, with great staff and fantastic decor.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Valefan
<Content>Lovely! Stayed here for 2 nights enroute back to the UK - cheaper for us to come back from Vegas through SFO than Vegas direct.Lovely hotel with great staff. Room was fantastic - if you are travelling and packing space is at a premium then your room has L'Occitane products replenished daily of shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, body lotion and soap. There is also a supply of tissues, cotton wool and cotton buds and a hairdryer. We didn't take a key for the mini bar so don't know what that was like.Our 2 nights made full use of the wine tasting which as another reviewer says makes a great group gathering and we got chatting to some lovely people including the Blue Angels as it was Fleet week!Our only problem was eating in the Restaurant on our first night. Our waitress could not explain the menu to us - I wanted to know how the mussels were prepared and she didn't know! I ordered them and both starters came but half way through our starter, she came with our main meal! She was sent away but brought them as soon as our starter dishes were cleared! No rest in between! I asked for Salmon with veg and mash with the sauce on the side but it came with fries, veg and the sauce everywhere! She took it back and back it came again but they just scraped the sauce off and shoved on some fries and now the veg was cold! The waitress was told to take it away - by this point, I didn't want anything else to eat so didn't re-order. I was happily chatting to my husband whilst he ate his main meal only for the waitress to appear with the bill! No chance of dessert then!I went through to Reception to ask them to get the manager for me. I explained all to him and he was very sympathetic and told me he'd take care of the bill. Next night when we came through for a drink he told us that the round was on him! Good customer service but it shouldn't have happened in the first place. Despite this, we ate breakfast there both days without any problems.I really would recommend this Hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bertie123
<Content>The Agonaut - a wonderully original hotel       Argonaut Hotel room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlanBHouston
<Content>Great staff I have traveled around the world a lot the last few years and have stayed at many nice hotels. I was VERY impressed with all the employees I worked with. They were VERY knowledgeable, fast/efficient, polite, etc. Very sharp individuals, as if they had worked there for years. This includes 2 different people at their reception desk, the finance office, and those that did the wake-up call setup - all were exceedingly professional.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2travelers98
<Content>Other than check-in, was nice We did arrive at the Argonaut at 2:30pm, instead of the 3pm check-in time. I felt like I was being reprimanded for arriving 30 minutes early. The front desk clerk remided me of the check in time and I was told to take a seat in the lobby and they would let me know when my room was ready. As we were sitting there, I noticed other guests arriving and immediately being handed their room keys and going to their rooms. No one ever came to let us know our room was ready until I walked up to the counter just after 3pm and stood behind others checking in and asked why others were getting keys and we were still waiting. They simply forgot about us. The room we booked was a standard room, decorated nicely, and overlooked a courtyard with restaurants and shops (I guess it is called the cannery). There are brick walls and huge wooden beams in the room and the hallways left over from the cannery the hotel was made from. It was unique and looked nice. There were several selections of wine served in the lobby in the afternoon. We were given a great recommendation for dinner from the concierge. It is called Albona Ristorante Istriano; Albona for short. What a wonderful dinner experience. It is located on Francisco St. It is a small, intimate place, and is warm and cozy. Because of its size, make reservations. The owner Bruno will come over to your table and welcome you with open arms, talk to you about his restaurant, and the evening's specialties. Later he will stop by to see how you liked your dinner. Don't miss it!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>floridacruisers
<Content>great hotel, great location we loved the hotel especially the staff and the location. The staff was so helpful in telling us where to have breakfast and dinner. The wine tasting in the afternoon is also a big plus. It is a 4 star hotel from the staff to the room. Joanne's dinner for breakfast is delicious all the locals hang out there...  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jasianie
<Content>Fantastic hotel Loved it. Recentley stayed here at start of our honeymoon and it did not disappoint. They had wine waiting in the room for us when we arrived at no charge, they organised a rose on the bed with a card dictated by my husband! They couldn't do enough to help us out. The beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in! The only downside was the valet parking which was $35 a day, but this is expected. View of Golden Gate Bridge across the bay, loads of restaurants and shops on your doorstep. Would recommend.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UK_holiday_traveller
<Content>Good value 4 star rated and well maintained Hotel My fiance and I stayed at this hotel in early Sept 2007. The hotel is well located and within easy walking distance to Fishermans Wharf. We had a king delux and although there was no view, the rooms were extremely well kept, clean and modernWithout exception all the hotel staff were pleasant, helpful and gave useful tips of places to go and where to eat. They even had a happy hour with wine that was always well attended!This was our first trip to San Francisco and it was impressive. I would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmac30
<Content>Just OK We stayed at the Argonaut in August of 2007 for five days. The stay was good not the best hotel we have been to but it was quiet with a comfortable bed. The nautical theme wears thin after a few days. The best part of this hotel is its location as you are close to everything. We had one meal that was good in the restaurant and then tried to eat a breakfast one morning and sat there for 20 min. without any service. We asked the waitress for coffee and she had no time and as we had a tour that day had to go to Starbuck next door. There was nothing outstanding or bad about our stay but it was very ordinary. Not sure if we would go back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>Umba
<Content>Lovely Hotel with great staff I really loved this hotel, the location was great - right slap bang in the middle of Fishermans Wharf, just across the road from Ghirardelli Square. We were warned away from staying in the wharf as it is so touristy so we were slightly worried before we got there but no need, the Wharf IS full of tourists but then so is most of SF! We felt like there was plenty to do in the area plus we felt safe there too. The Argonaut was beautiful, the room was spacious and cleaned to perfection everyday. We had everything we could possibly need, coffee maker, toiletries, iron, ironing board etc etc. The staff were super helpful  very well informed. The only problem is the restaurant attached to the hotel, which in my opinion is awful and really lets down the Argonaut. We had dinner  breakfast in the restaurant and both times had to send some of the food back, as did a lot of people we noticed. The are plenty of other places to eat though in the Wharf so there is not need to eat in the hotel restaurant anyway. I would really recommend the restaurant opposite to the Argonaut, also Ciopinos is great too.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Debaw
<Content>Loved the Argonaut       Argonaut  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pressure_Drop
<Content>Argonaut - just like SF, bright        Late night drink in the Buena Vista - got to be done!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>riddler67
<Content>Great location, great fun, great staff There's a lot of choice in San Francisco, not least determining the area in which to stay. Having decided what the hell, I'm a tourist, so don't be ashamed to do the touristy stuff, I put my trust in the Tripadvisor reviews which rate this hotel so highly and was not disappointed in the slightest. I booked the A Discovery Awaits package which included Valet Parking, breakfast at the Blue Mermaid Chowder House, and Cable Car/Bus/Tram passes. I upgraded our room in advance to a King Bay View room on the grounds that several reviews complained the rooms were on the small size. So I can't comment on the standard room - however I can highly recommend this kind of room, although it is pricey. Be aware that the view is partial and certainly not uninterrupted. However the room is large, spotlessly clean and full of quirky touches, colours and furniture. Staff were absolutely delightful, made us feel so welcome and nothing was ever too much trouble. Breakfast was fine - of course you can get better, but it was included in our rate and was well cooked, with friendly service. Parking is expensive if not included in your rate. The Powell/Hyde cable car turnaround really is close - in fact it was under our window, less than a two minute walk from the front of the hotel.I'm sure there are many excellent hotels in SF. We took a chance with the Argonaut and it delivered on every level. It was so refreshing to stay somewhere where you didn't feel the interior designers had borrowed the Holdiday Inn decor guide (even the themed Vegas hotels can be formulaic in their layout and decor). Some may find it a bit OTT - we thought it was cool and we'll be back.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mackyUK
<Content>Great hotel The Argonaut Hotel is excellently decorated with large clean rooms and friendly staff. The restaurant and bar offer a decent range of food and drink at reasonable prices.The hotels location is subject to the requirements of your trip, its place in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf would not be ideal for business but it is perfect of holidaymakers looking to go to Alcatraz and other neighborhoods such as North Beach and Nob Hill.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LhasaApso1
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!!! We stayed at the Argonaut for 6 nights, hotel was very clean, modern and the nautical theme was NOT over the top very tasteful. The staff was very polite and professional at all times. Rooms were spacious and very clean, with huge and very comfortable beds. The l鈥檕ccitane products refreshed everyday were excellent - so no need to bring your own products! We rarely heard noise from other rooms, so please don't let other reviews regarding this from prevent you from visiting the hotel. Happy hour at the hotel is brilliant - try to get to the hotel around 4.30 to ensure you get a seat, however arriving after 5 did not cause us any problems. Blue Mermaid restaurant was very nice, we only visited for breakfast and it was very nice. Location is good near cable car turnaround and the Buena Vista cafe, which is a must. We had an interior room view, which did not cause us any problems as didn't spent too much time in hotel anyway. Ben and Jerry鈥檚 and Starbucks very close to the hotel. Staff welcomed us to the hotel every time we came in from our day out! I would most definitely recommend this hotel - it鈥檚 a must to anyone who visits San Francisco!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DancingQueen76
<Content>The Argonaut is a great place to drop anchor We just spent four wonderful nights at the Argonaut: a very comfortable and attractive hotel in an excellent location. It is adjacent to the visitor's center for the Maritime National Park and the Cannery, across from the Hyde Street pier of amazing old ships, next to the Hyde Street cable car line, and a block from Ghiradelli square. The beds are super comfy and in spacious rooms. The decor is very sharp with one of the coolest lobbies I've seen in a long time. This hotel is sincere about service and is not pretentious. The Blue Mermaid restaurant in the hotel has excellent chowders and cioppino. They host a complementary wine gathering right before the dinner hour in the lobby as well.Not to be missed: San Francisco Fire Engine Tours (departs from Beach Street just behind hotel), Coffee Adventures (great coffee/latte, smoothies, bagel breakfast creations, on Columbus just behind hotel), Norman's ice cream (in the Cannery), Kara's cupcakes (Ghiradelli Square).Weaknesses: No guest laundry (pay for hotel laundry service or take cable car 6 blocks to The Missing Sock at Hyde/Union, which is very nice by the way). Expensive valet parking. No pool.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ericjtucker
<Content>Highly Recommend this Hotel We stayed in the Argonaut Hotel two nights on 8/24/07 and had a great experience! They took care of all of our needs with no complaints. Here鈥檚 the rundown:Room- Modestly-sized (average for most San Francisco hotel) but spectacular in design and layout with exposed brick walls, heavy wood beams and a cool nautical theme. My 7 year old son was amazed!- We faced the street and the windows were good at keeping out street noise- Bathroom was very clean was relatively largeProperty- Didn鈥檛 spend too much time in the hotel lobby, but it was awesome! Lotsa couches for hanging out and a complimentary cocktail/wine party- While it is in the Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf area, it鈥檚 situated toward the end of the street, so it鈥檚 a few blocks away from the 鈥渃heesier鈥?parts of the Wharf- Restaurant was good, though we only ate one breakfastService- Staff was always helpful with stowing luggage, calling a cab and general sightseeing tips- Free wired Internet was provided in all rooms and wireless (though signal was weak) was available in the lobby- My son got to 鈥榓dopt鈥?a fish in a small fishbowl for the duration of the stay - nice!The success of this hotel comes from the hard working and highly detail-oriented staff. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nathindubai
<Content>Going back... That's for sure.......       Our room... No.232  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cliveDerbyEngland
<Content>brilliant location we arrived at the argonaut after an easy drive from oakhurst.the first thing i noticed there is no car park to this hotel and its alsovery busy around the area as it is fishermans wharf.anyway thedoorman was brilliant.he explained my options,ie,car park placesin the area or valet parking.i opted for valet parking which is 40dollars per night which added 177 dollars after tax to my bill as iwas staying for 4 nights but the valet service was very good andefficient.just a small grumble but i think its worth mentioning.anyway onto hotel.check in was good.staff were polite and made me and my 15 year daughter feel welcome.as ive mentionedearlier the door staff were very good also.our room was good andthe nautical decor went down well with my daughter.the hotel location is fantastic.tram turnaround just round corner and all other attractions not far.blazing saddles bike hire 30yards fromhotel.biked accross golden gate-brilliant.we stopped in nine hotels during our trip to america and my daughter chose the argonautas her favourite.not cheap but highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princessDublin
<Content>Best Hotel to Stay in San Francisco My husband and I just stayed for 2 nights in the Argonaut. This is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The staff, decor, rooms and service were all exceptional. As for location you could not ask for better. You are right in the thick of things, with no noise disturbance. The hotel is right beside the famous tram line, 10 mins walk from Pier 39 (well worth a visit) and from where you get the boat to visit Alcatraz.. Behind the hotel you can get a trip where you ride on a restored fire enine across the Golden Gate Bridge - this was the highlight of our trip [--]. Finally if you are looking for a fabulous breakfast go to Mama's - you will probably have to queue but it is so worth the wait. Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissKey
<Content>Very Nice I thought this was a really nice hotel--the nautical decor was cute and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great. I appreciated the valet parking, since driving and parking in that area is a nightmare. The only downside was the thin walls--I could hear what the people in the next room were saying. Also, they need to invest in nicer shower curtains. This one was thin, and we couldn't stop it from blowing around and touching us when we showered. The Argonaut seemed expensive, but I did a lot of research, and it really wasn't much more than any of the other not-as-nice hotels in the area.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>GP1979
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Location I booked our brief 2 night stay at the Argonaut after reading good reviews on this site.We were staying here after returning from a weeks skiing in Lake Tahoe to do some sight seeing before flying back to the UK. From the moment we arrived the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and not in that annoying American way. As we arrived late I asked the Bell Boy where we could get a nice meal and he recommended a lovely Italian Seafood restuarant just down the road that was excellent!The Hotel itself was great - our room was spacious and very clean and the hot powerful shower was fantastic after a weeks skiing! We had everything we could have wanted. The hotels nautical theme makes it a bit different from the average city hotel and works really well given the location which is also superb for seeing all that SF has to offer and the cable car station is just around the corner.I thoroughly recommend The Argonaut and will be returning as I loved SF!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Darkangelrocks
<Content>Great time to be had by all We loved staying at the Argonaught, great for the street cars and of course Alcatraz, the staff were great especially the doorman who recommended some great restaurants... mccormacks and sconas both excellent.Chowder to die for. Like having breakfast downstairs, room was great clean, spacious, well kitted out...for a 4 night stay a good location.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kingsdown
<Content>Disappointing especially after the rave reviews, but well located Having read the rave reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor, we were very much looking forward to the pure luxury of staying here for 3 nights during a 3 week trip to the states. On reflection this was one of my least favourite hotels, especially considering it was one of the most expensive. Having stayed in eleven hotels in the last 3 weeks the weaknesses of the Argonaut included:1) Very slow check in - not ideal at 2am 2) Despite the huge room, a tiny bathroom, no separate shower and no side space to store your things, can't think why they didn't proportion the room a little differently3) I'm sure 12 year old boys would love the decor but I wasn't too keen 4) I only tried breakfast (twice, foolishly!) but I think it would be safe to say that the restaurant is disappointing. The breakfast choice was limited compared to many other hotels, very expensive, slow and inept service and not particularly nice food. 5) The staff were not very helpful, they managed to lose our dry cleaning which was eventually located but I was blamed for the error!6) We paid for a bay view but didn't get one..7) I had big problems getting onto the wirless internet, and when I did get on it was very slow. I did however manage to remedy this by using my t-mobile account and logging onto the starbucks network I could pick up from next door!8) Unhelpful and in one instance, incorrect advice from the conciergeHowever that all said it is fantastically well located right on fisherman's wharf and the doormen were extremely helpful (and offered far better advice than the concierge). Their helpful and happy attitude was the hotel's only saving grace in my opionion!If you are staying here and want a good meal - breakfast / brunch is great at Jonies, just up the steps and a good lunch / dinner can be found in the restaurant directly opposite the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	5	1	2	2	

<Author>dunwoodywoman
<Content>nothing spectacular....clean, great room service..no view! If you want the feel of the wharf...stay at the Argonaut. Be sure to ask for a room with a view as we had no idea we would be looking right out onto the roof....so we kept our shutters closed. The rooms obviously had paper-thin walls as we could hear the couple next door thumping away....We only stayed there to sleep as we were busy touring the city. Be sure to see the Bushman....he's the highlight of the Wharf. As for staying at this hotel again...I seriously doubt that the price is worth the convenience. Hotel staff were top-notch...and the ambience was the selling point.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>luv2travel015
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We just came back from San Francisco, where we stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for 3 nights. The hotel was wonderul - very clean, courteous staff, great breakfasts. The rooms were larger than average, and the beds were amazing. The location was great, on boisterous Fisherman's Wharf, but the hotel was quiet. The decor was really different. We would definitely stay there again, and were only sorry we couldn't stay longer.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>welltraveled64
<Content>Too many good options in S.F. to put up with their attitude at check-in This is a nice hotel once you get by the arrogent front desk staff. We had made reservations well in advance with a room set up in writing. When we arrived they indicated that they could not provide this accomodation and it was now our problem. In asking what they would do in our position they indicated they would spend the extra $1000 for an additional room for three nights - guess they pay their staff well. After talking with locals we discovered that many people have problems with checking in on undelivered guarantees or check in times and the word used by all is their arrogence. The decor is definately different but underneath they are like most hotels offering decent service. There are too many other good hotels in S.F. to put up with their attitude.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>DLMWR
<Content>Great location, but bring your earplugs.... We stayed at the Argonaut for a weekend in August 2007. We selected the Argonaut for its location right on the water in Fisherman's Wharf.The hotel is in a great location -- it is on the edge of the Fisherman's Wharf area and it is close to cable car, streetcar and bus stops. Our room was large and very clean. The nautical decorations are tasteful.The biggest problem that we had with this hotel was the thin walls. We heard our neighbor's television and laughter late into the night. Another issue that we had was with the bellhops. On Friday afternoon when we arrived, we wanted to take a cab. There were three parties waiting for a cab in front of the hotel, and the bellhop was having difficulty in finding cabs for us. Instead of calling a cab company to get some cabs or making some suggestions for public transportation, he told us to walk a few blocks south and we should have better luck finding a cab. It took us a sweaty half-hour to find a cab -- it was not a great way to start our trip! We relied solely on public transportation after that experience, however, and were fine.Our room had a Golden Gate view. I would not recommend paying extra for the view. The weather was foggy in the morning, and the window is not conveniently located for enjoying the view while relaxing in the room. I don't think that you would miss anything by not having the view.In short, the location and appearance of the hotel were excellent, but the thin walls and the lack of assistance with transportation will keep us from staying here in the future.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>WorcesterwomanUk
<Content>Super choice! Just returned from 3 nights here and had a great time. The room had stunning views of the Golden Gate and Girhardelli's. It was tastefully decorated on a nautical theme and extremely spacious. The bed was particularly comfortable. The complimentary wine in the hotel lobby each evening was well received! The location could not have been better. Although Fisherman's Wharf is a busy place, the hotel was a peaceful haven. I would definitely recommend the Argonaut.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bps-uk
<Content>Very nice Stayed here for 3 nights 29-31 May 2007. Check in was smooth (we missed the wine hour) and I was told that the room had a view of Alcatraz. The room size was fine for the 3 of us (2 double beds) and everywhere was clean and fresh. My son loved the star shaped cushions. The room was at the front of the hotel, but was not noisy. The beds were comfortable too. In no way did we have a view of Alcatraz, but we did get one of the tram turntable which is just around the corner. The hotel is close to the piers, trolley tours and bus stops as well as places to eat and drink. We booked through expedia.co.uk at 拢100 per night - not a bad deal for this hotel at this time of year. Internet access was in the lobby and quite expensive, but overall a really nice place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mpkw
<Content>Dog Friendly / Great Location It's a great location for exploring San Francisco. Nice hotel with friendly staff. A pleasure to be able to bring our dog along. Parking is steep at $39 / day but it's in and out valet which comes in handy down on Fisherman's wharf. The one MAJOR drawback is how noisey the rooms are. Really thin walls. If you're a light sleeper I'd bring ear plugs and sleeping pills (maybe even consider staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>FlowerFairy76
<Content>What a hotel.................. By far the best hotel in the Fishermans Wharf area of San Francisco! We visited in May 2007 for four nights after spending 6 nights in Las Vegas, we love spending time in America but San Francisco is by far the best place we have been. The hotel is lovely, from the Door Man (complete with white gloves and pith helmet) to the Bell Boys (very friendly, always said a genuine hello) to the reception staff and the staff in the adjoining restaurant everyone was very friendly and provided an excellent service. Our room was pristine with all the extras you would expect (toiletries, dressing gown, TV, Video games etc) And what a good idea the free wine (and beer) tasting is, every evening the chance to meet other guests and sample some great wine. The hotel is has an excellent location -2 minutes from a small beach area, a 10 minute walk along the shops to Pier 39 with it's shops, restaurants and the famous Sea Lions, 2 minutes to the cable car stop (get there early to avoid the queues) Not a bad word to say about the hotel, can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lislcat
<Content>Great hotel, great service! We spent our first night in San Francisco at the Argonaut and from the time we pulled up to the front of the hotel, we were treated like royalty. They opened our doors for us, took our luggage inside, took the car for valet parking and brought us drinks from their manager's welcome, while we were checking in. It is a great location on Fisherman's Wharf and there are a few different breakfast places that are located a block behind the hotel, which were reasonably priced. The only negative is that my daughter wanted a pool, but we were so busy that day, that I don't think she even missed it. My only regret is that we didn't stay there for more nights, but we went to Napa and Sonoma valley the next day. Also, we didn't have a view, but it was late by the time we got back to the hotel, so it didn't really matter. We would definitely stay at the Argonaut again. ***If you are taking children and are not from a city that has homeless people on the streets, I would definitely have a talk with the children about it, before you arrive, because you will see homeless people on Fisherman's Wharf and other areas of San Francisco. We always felt safe, so we didn't consider it a problem, just a sad sight to see, especially for young eyes.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>caroHolland
<Content>Top location and service Everything you read about the Argonaut is true! The service is close to perfect.,the vallet parking is expensive but very comfy and the wine tasting is a perfect opportunity to meet the other guests and socialize. What's left fore improvement?  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lucc
<Content>Nice Hotel in Firsherman's Wharf This is a great hotel in Fisherman's wharf. Staff is friendly and attentive. However valet parking is the only pricey parking option. Our room (with a view) had a view on the street level of a back street (guess the view was for the pedestrians).  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cardinalgal
<Content>Loved the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut in early August 2007 for 3 nights and none of our group wanted to leave. To be fair, the regular rooms (which two of our group had) ARE indeed somewhat narrow, and the bathrooms are only average hotel sized, but the amenities, service, and location still make this a great hotel for the price  area. However, we were offered an internet upgrade for one of our rooms, and we took it -- best $50/night we ever spent! We got a king suite (and the kids did not like the pull out sofa bed all that much except for the fact that it was in a HUGE living room with their own tv) in a suite that was about 1000 square feet. Since we were traveling with a family group, it made our room the perfect resting place -- there was a sofa, a couple of comfy chairs, several ottomans, and a dining room set, so we could all lounge around easily without sitting on the beds. The king sized bed, chair,  chaise in the other room were all comfy. The bathroom was spectacular -- huge with a separate shower and deep jacuzzi tub, bath salts, many large fluffy towels, scale (boo) . . . after an extensive vacation, the kids favorite thing was still the bathtub at the Argonaut.Cleanliness  service were both very good -- all the doormen, bellhops, and housekeeping staff were VERY friendly and went out of their way to be helpful and kind. The nightly wine tasting at 5 was very crowded, but the staff was warm  friendly, and never rushed anyone. Rather, they made it feel like, Of course we want you to relax and enjoy some wine. Here, have another glass. How was your day? For those of us in the group who do not drink, they had sparkling cider. Children were welcome. All the children we encountered were older (think mid-elementary school to teens) and well-behaved. Several of the kids were using Heelys in the large lobby area, but were always careful to stay away from the main doors. We never heard any kids running around or being obnoxious (one or two grownups, maybe, but overall it was a quiet, pleasant hotel). It was a very international hotel, as we encountered people from several different countries staying there. They offer a free tour of the area one morning per week, led by a Park Ranger, and that was really nice  interesting. It was an hour long, and only about a mile of walking, so still appropriate for older or younger visitors.You are right across the street from the piers, there is a Starbucks at the back corner (outside) of the hotel building, there are multitudes of restaurants within a four block radius (and there is another Starbucks and a Walgreens about four blocks away, for those of you who forgot toothpaste), a cable car stop across the street, and Ghirardelli Square is about a 2.5 block walk (uphill of course). You can't beat the location. One weird thing is that our window, which overlooked the cable car terminus, wasn't entirely soundproofed, in that you could hear the shhh-thunk of every car that drove over the cable car plates. All night long. You got used to it after an hour or so, but it was weird, given that you really couldn't hear the crowds at all. The city is pretty dead after about 9/10 pm so it didn't bother us.If we travel to the area again, we will definitely stay here, it was a great hotel and yet another testament to reading reviews off Trip Advisor when comparing hotels -- nothing is perfect, but read enough reviews on a place here and you'll get a really good sense of it. I can understand why some people were disappointed in the size of their rooms (and am sure they will understand why I was not), but we also felt that smaller rooms were the standard in most of the hotels in the area, many of which were not NEARLY as nice as the Argonaut. The Hilton, Holiday Inn, and a few others were in the general vicinity, but the Argonaut really does top them in location and outward appearance (not having been inside the others, can't vouch there). The Wharf Inn is nearby, but is an outdoor-access motel.Overall, we really loved the Argonaut and thank everyone who posted reviews (good or bad -- you have to know what you are getting into!) for their recommendations.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Outsource
<Content>OK, but bring the kids. Average at best. Lots of kids running around (seems most of them on the floor above us). Small rooms, VERY small bathrooms. It is supposed to be like a suite on a cruise ship, but most cruise ships have larger, better laid out bathrooms. OK, OK, location couldn't be better! Staff very friendly too. Still don't quite get the reviews, wish I had booked in Union Square instead.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bee2007
<Content>What a friendly place! This hotel is so friendly. it's a real home from home. the staff were so nice and helpful, this was one of the best hotels i have stayed in. myself and my husband stayed in the argonaut for one week during our honeymoon. san francisco is a beautiful city and the argonaut is a great location. it's in a nice quiet area of fishermans wharf, ie not too close to the buzz of pier 39 but close enough to go for a wander up there. the rooms area really nicely decorated and very large. the bed was so comfortable i slept so well every night! the bathroom was perhaps a bit small compared to the size of the bedroom but it was very nice and well decorated. the shower was lovely, nice and powerful! a lovely touch we thought (coming from europe where this isnt standard) was the coffee machine and sachets of starbucks coffee  teas. that got us well started each morning. the restaurant in the hotel is very nice and well worth a visit. the breakfasts are lovely if a bit pricey. note there's a nice cheap diner just at the back of the hotel and across the street, that does lovely breakfasts for half the price and they are so friendly, it's well worth a visit. i can't remember the name. there's also a lovely bar next to the argonaut called 'jacks'. the bar staff here are really nice and we ended up in there, propping up the bar and chatting with the staff. it was very laid back - typical SF place. I just loved the whole time i spent in the argonaut and would recommend it to anyone who wants a really laid back comfortable holiday.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Goodlookinbloke
<Content>The Place to Stay! We stayed here for 5 Days as part of our Honeymoon and really loved it. The Nautical Boutique rooms were really nice and of good size! The staff were really friendly and helpful and the rooms were spotless. It's in an excellent location as everything starts from Fisherman's Wharf from Bike Rentals to the Open Top Greyline Bus Tours. It was really nice as well when you walked round all day sightseeing to return to the Hotel between 5pm-6:30pm and get free Wine and Beer tasting and just chilling out in the lounge area in from of the open fire.Quick don't queue at the Cable Car turntables walk a stop up and just jump on there!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NLockwood
<Content>Beautiful Hotel in a Great Location The Argonaut was a nice change of pace from the ordinary run-of-the-mill chain hotels typically found in the Wharf area of San Francisco. The lobby was beautiful; the staff were all very nice and helpful; and the location was perfect - if you want to stay at the Wharf. I agree with previous comments that the rooms were a bit small, but they were not so small that they were a deal-breaker for the hotel. They are pretty much the standard size for any luxury hotel; and probably even larger than the downtown San Francisco luxury hotels. I would consider the Argonaut a great value, and very family friendly. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dnd517
<Content>A Very Good stay       Alkatraz  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cdz
<Content>Not the greatest Stayed here for honeymoon. On first impressions every thing seemed ok....but there were a few problems:LOCATION: Its great for cable car and during the day the area of fisherman's wharf is buzzing with activity, however at night the area is quite seedy.. Hooters is up the street, there are numerous homeless people begging and harrassing passersby (watch out for the one who hides behind a bunch of leaves, and jumps out on people..and gets tips for this), numerous youths drinking and cruising in their vintage cars starting fights with each other. ROOMS: Bit tacky but good fun..Cheetah robes, fishing equipment. Have to agree walls are paper thin, and could hear next door's arguements!SERVICE: Not bad, although porter promised since we were on honeymoon we'd have a bottle of champagne in our room...He then accepted our generous tip, and never materialised with the goods.RESTAURANT: Only went for breakfast, which was again ok. Not much choice. Beware though, we had our bag stolen during breakfast, staff were helpful but we've never heard anything since.FAMILIES: We did over hear a lady at reception claiming she feared for her children in the area, and asked staff was it safe. The hotel wasn't really geared for families esp with the wine evenings in reception....they looked like a bunch of old men and women seeing how much free drink they could get.All in all our stay was ok, we'd go shopping in Union Square, went to Alcatraz day trip and liked to spent as much time away from the hotel. I wouldn't stay in the Argonaut again, nor recommend to my family.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>smallpebbles
<Content>Comfortable, well located, friendly service Off a busy street in Fisherman's Wharf area and adjacent to Maritime museum. Rooms are long and narrow with a nautical theme, cheetah robes, and other usual amenities. Lobby offers wine in the late afternoon....Staff were friendly and helpful. Bed was comfortable.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joilegirl
<Content>Welcoming Place I wanted a good location for my family of 4 that includes a 17 year old and and a 12 year old. This hotel fits the bill. It was right next to the Hyde/Powell cable car line and Ghiradelli Square. If we walked out of the hotel to the right we reached Fisherman's Wharf and a little further was Pier 39. We felt safe walking around on the street in front of the hotel. The room was large enough for all 4 of us and our luggage. Overall, I was pleased with the hotel for the $215 AAA rate that I had.  I do have 2 complaints - we had a car because we wanted to drive around a bit on our own and I thought that the $45.00 fee for parking was shameful. Also, the hotel is located in the Cannery building which is practically empty - so don't count on being able to eat or shop there. I assume the former commercial tenants found the rent too high and vacated.  Tip - if you want to ride the cable car - go early. My 12 year old and I got up at 8:30, walked across the street, boarded immediately and avoided the ridiculous lines that we saw any other times of the day even into the late evening.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Louiseee
<Content>great view This is an interesting hotel because of its historical significance.We had a lovely room with a view of Alcatraz. We enjoyed the wine reception.We only stayed here one night, before exploring northern California. Upon our return we stayed near Union Square. I am glad we only stayed the one night at the Argonaught, as it was enough. The hotel was fun, but the area is quite tacky and touristy.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AKdogs
<Content>Overpriced with tiny rooms This hotel isn't worth the price. Rooms are very small, traffic is horrible, and service is poor. Beware the hotel room doors that open out into the hallway - we almost got smacked! We booked online, and paid extra ($449) to get a room that was supposed to have a Golden Gate Bridge view. We were very disappointed in the room, which was so narrow that only a small passage existed between the end of the bed  the wall. As for the view, you could see a smidgen of the bridge, if you looked past the noisy street, through the trees, and if you leaned to the left and hunkered down a little. I looked at thefire evacuation map on the back of the main door and saw that our room was one of the smallest on the floor. I went back to the front desk and asked the manager on duty if we could have a larger room or one with a view. He condescendingly explained that hotel rooms in bigcities like San Francisco tend to be smaller than rooms in places like Las Vegas. He ended up giving us a somewhat larger (but not spacious) room with a nice Alcatraz view. The hotel is centrally located at Fisherman's Wharf, but that means getting to and from the hotel is a nightmare of traffic snarls with the accompanying noise and pollution.Valet parking was terrible, too. When I left our car with the valet,I asked how long it would take to get it back. He said to call 5-10 minutes ahead. When we requested our car around 5 pm, it was a 20 minute wait.We ordered room service breakfast, which arrived on time, but lacked presentation. The croissant was naked on a plate (no cover, no plastic wrap, just out in the open), and we got no jam, no butter, no glass of water, nothing.The shower head is mounted terribly high on the wall. I'm 5'5, and could barely reach it. The shower curtain was mounted on a straight rod, and kept billowing in while I showered.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>cruztopless
<Content>Another Wonderful Kimpton Experience My wife and I stayed here one night to celebrate her birthday. We've stayed at other Kimpton hotels in SF (Hotel Monaco) and in Seattle (Hotel Vintage Park). The decor is different from the 2 other Kimpton hotels but it works really well.Pros -- The decor was very appropriate for the area and wonderfully done.- Leo the conceirge did a great job with the flower arrangement for the room. He actually did the arrangement himself and the flowers were gorgeous. Leo also made some excellent suggestions with activities and restaurants. A lady was walking by and thanked him for the excellent hair stylist recommendation. Thanks Leo!- The staff was very friendly and attentive.- My wife and I are Kimpton In Touch members and they had a bottle of wine and cookies (in the shape of a whale) to celebrate my wife's birthday. Nice touch!- The room was a decent size and the bed was very comfortable.- Excellent location near the waterfront. It is within walking distance to North Beach and to Pier 39. It is also next to the cable car stop.- Last but not least let's not forget the 5pm wine hour.Cons -- The view was a wall of windows. Basically I had no view so it wasn't worth opening the windows except to get some sunlight in the room. This was a basic room and a room with a view would have cost another $100.- As a Kimpton In Touch member you would think I would get the best deal. The best deal that I was offered via the website and through a phone call to the hotel directly was the same as non-members. I then remembered I got an email from Kimpton offering 15% off so by going through the link offered in the email I got a better rate. I shouldn't have to do that.- Parking is $40 per day ... ouch! Overall an excellent experience and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>PhilBermuda
<Content>Great Location Great Staff Great location on Fisherman's Wharf. Very helpful Front Desk Staff and Concierge. Wine tasting, in the early evening, beats afternoon tea, hands down. Bartenders were extremely entertaining and accomodating. The Hotel is just fabulous!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gandgturner
<Content>Kimpton Does It Right       Argonaut Room  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cecil_Hopper
<Content>Great Place       room shot  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jackiepaddy
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful - Loved it! After reading so many reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect but it sure looked beautiful online. I was not disappointed. Absolutely beautifully decorated. Wonderful service. Very polite and timely. Lobby is great. Lounge chairs like you're on a ship. Our room (383) was overlooking Delmonte Square/Cannery. Beautifully decorated and I was surprised at how much bigger it was than I was expecting. Two queen beds, large open area, honor bar, large tv, games, great white hurricane shutters and window opened easily. Evening bands would have been loud and obnoxious but it was very cool and windy that night so we lucked out. I did notice that the walls were rather thin as others have stated but I only heard our neighbors a few times. I am sure my kids bothered them more. Great bathroom. No water pressure problems. Great products. Valet parking was easy. Brought the car around quickly. Free wine tasting the night we were there. Starbucks right behind the hotel. Great bar nextdoor. Excellent location. Walk to everything. Good dinner across the street at Cioppino's. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>almara
<Content>Lived Up To The Kimpton Experience We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of this month. It lived up to our previous experience of a Kimpton hotel with a spacious comfortable room and friendly efficient staff. The evening wine reception is a great idea and really well run. The hotel could however benefit from a separate bar area - the present bar is part of the restaurant and not really conducive to having a quiet drink if that is all you want.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>JohnR8
<Content>Truly Excellent The Argonaut excels at what it claims to do. It is not a 5 star hotel, it does not have a pool. Thereafter it is plain excellent. The night staff on check in were excelent, very friendly and helpful. A leaking air conditioning unit kept my wife awake, one phone call in the morning obtianed housekeeping in 2 minutes (it felt like she was behind the door), two more minutes a maintenance man, cheerful and confident it could be fixed was outside on ladders to fix it, still not finished a call from a manager to see that we were being dealt with. Total time from reporting the complaint to a follow up from the mangement to ensure the job was done seemed like 5 mintues, but may have been 15, still much much better than any request I have filed in any other hotel. The rooms are a good size and well decorated with an unusual nautical theme, the free wine party at 6pm seems very popular. The conciege was helpful, there is a free maritime museum accesible from the hotel entrance, and two minutes ot the cable car terminus. It is comfortable, friendly and well located. Book it!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peggy55
<Content>Very, very nice My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights, over July 4th, and had the young at heart rate. This was only $215 per night, and we had a great room overlooking the courtyard, where the musicians often play. This might bother some people, but we didn't mind at all. The room was quite comfortable and I loved the L'Occitane toiletries provided. We had joined the Kimpton in touch program, and a couple of bottles of wine were left in our room with a nice note welcoming us. Also nice was the nightly wine hour.We had nothing but praise for the very friendly employees. We did participate in the $45 per person barbeque/fireworks dinner as did the previous reviewer. I will admit that I felt it was quite pricey for what we got. We were sort of scared into buying the tickets, as we were given the feeling that there was going to be 800,000-1 million people out there watching the fireworks that night, and by being part of this dinner, we would have a safe place to view them......and we did, standing on the deck of a historic docked ship. But it was pricey for hamburgers and hot dogs. That was the only part of this stay that left me with a bad taste in my mouth!Otherwise, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CucamongaTraveler
<Content>Loved It , Hated It I booked our famaily trip at this hotel, because I wanted to be close to the 4th of July festivities. After spending $419.00 for one night, I was dissapointed over the fact the hotel charged another $45.00 per person to see a 30 minute firework show, a short distance from the hotel which although it included snacks and drinks, it should have been opened to the hotel guest that stayed. What also dissapointed me was that after fighting the crowed by the hotel to see the show, we encountered a 5 miniute wait when the elevators were held up, because 6 ( I saw 6) or more employees were coming down from the roof top to see the firework show. I considered this unprofessional since over 20 of us were waiting several minutes before the doors opened.  The good points were the confortable bed, close access to the peir and the door man which his service was the best that I have ever seen. The service inside the front desk was nither good or bad. Personally, I think the hotel should pull the door man off to teach customer service skills to the rest of the group.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>BeachesToronto40
<Content>Loved it!! Truly a memorable stay! My son and I first stayed at The Palace for 3 nights... lovely and historic. Then we shifted our next 3 nights to The Argonaut.I loved the contrast, each bringing it's own diverse experience to our trip. The Argonaut is funky, artistic and extremely boutique in feel-no touch of chain to be found, thank god.The staff is excellent, young and energetic and the touches of detail are everywhere. By the way, the beds are heaven. I never sleep well in any hotel and worried I would miss our wake up call. They were that comfortable......If you can't appreciate unique, then best to move along... only the creative will get this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>midliferDallas_Texas
<Content>great location Stayed here for three nights and absolutely loved the location. Yes, Fisherman's wharf is somewhat tacky but this hotel is really convenient to see all of the San Francisco sights. Loved the complimentary wine in the late afternoon (although we were often out doing something else). We were celebrating our 30th anniversary and were a little disappointed that our room faced the Cannery instead of the bay, but you could see the water if you craned your neck a little.There were a couple of weddings going on at the hotel and the hotel was sold out. One big caveat: if your room faces the Cannery, you WILL hear music from outside and it ranged from steel guitar to bagpipes! Fortunately it stops at around 8pm but if you are suffering from jetlag, this could be a problem. Also, as other travelers have mentioned: walls are paper thin. Our neighbor had a very bad smoker's cough and cranked up from 4 am on. My husband, who is an oncologist, considered slipping a note under his door to encourage him to get a chest xray upon his return home!Decor was nice and concierge and hotel staff extremely helpful and friendly. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KCol61
<Content>Thought the hotelwas OK On our 3 week trip in California and Nevada I picked all the hotels based entirely on Trip Adviosr reviews,this was the only one I was disappointed with.Perhaps I was expecting too much as there was no reason not to like the hotel it was just at the others (mostly small boutique type hotels) there was such attention to detail,breakfast included etc.When we checked in there was fairly hard sell to upgrade to a larger/better room and felt uncomforatble declining.All we saw of our hotel was literally walking up to the room and out of it,we had no other contact with hotel at all.Although the area is tacky we did like where we were situated and would stay in this area again.Our deluxe bay view room overlooked the side of the hotel and not the front so I thought this was misleading as you had to lean at the window a bit to see the bay view at the side,the room more acurately overlooked the park at the side.So there was nothing at all wrong or to complain about it was just an average experience.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>bunkylunk
<Content>Fisherman's Wharf's Best Choice Had our reservation for months at the Argonaut before getting a deal by naming my own price at Priceline and saved approximately 25%. Try it as all of the rooms are similar and they can't stick you in an inferior room just because you are a Priceline Customer, a practice I have encountered at other properties.With that said, this is a great choice for families visiting SF. Fisherman's Wharf is the place to stay for family tourist. Note, not for couples on a romantic getaway or for business, but for family tourist and the Argonaut is a great choice for that segment. Mom and Dad will like the decor, the evening complimentary wine tasting and the Kimpton Hotel chains attention to the little details that make a place better than the rest. Kids will like being at ground zero for all the tourist activity that swirls around this section of the city, Pier 39, the cruise to Alcatraz, Ghiradelli Square and the endless T-Shirt and sunglass stores your 12 to 18 year old set loves (plus lots of their peers to mix with).I have no complaints other than to echo the high price of Valet parking but after a 400 mile day on the road, I wasn't up for anything other than handing it over to the valet knowing I was about to take a forty dollar a day beating. The only other thing i can mention, and this is minor but so weird I've got to mention, is that most of the room doors open out into the hall (think about it) and when people let them shut, they make a noise enough to wake the dead (I qualify as such after a night on the town!).  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>deedee40
<Content>Fantastic Customer Service My sister and I surprised our mom for her 60th birthday with a trip to San Francisco. Our stay at the Argonaut was superb!! Customer service is job one. The bellmen/porters were so helpful, friendly, and offered great recommendations to the city. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone, and will stay there again. Thanks to everyone there for helping us with our surprise!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dragnfly4444
<Content>Argonaut Hotel - A wonderful stay!       Argonaut Hotel view from the water  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ablb
<Content>ideal location excellent location, not knowing the city, we found the hotel to be ideally located to the tourist area, pier 39 , the deals, alcatraz. The hotel was very plush inside, staff efficient , polite and nver without a smile. Our room was fantatic, modern clean and decorated to a very high standard. The one down side for myself was that we used it as a base and didn't get to appreciate the facilities. Would suggest this hotel used if time to be spent relaxing within the hotel, if a hotel needed to use as a base for sightseeing then maybe this one is a little too expensive.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pbh73
<Content>Generally a positive experience Recently completed a four night stay as part of a big tour of California!Unfortunately, despite having booked over 6 months in advance, the requested room type was not available, so we had a standard inside room with no view to speak of. Still, in a place like SF, you don't spend too much time in the room.+veVery comfortable, clean rooms with a nautical theme. Great location for cable car turnaround at the beachFriendly staff - bell, door, concierge all good hereEvening wine reception in front of the fire is great after a day out in the fog!-veDouble charged for the room - had to sort this out over the phone at later destination - quickly rectified though when I finally got through to someone who could help (3rd attempt)Hotel valet parking at over $40 per night is expensiveSummaryWould stay again for the comfort, amenities and ambianceLOCAL TIPSFor us, Fishermans Wharf area is quite tacky and has a few undesirable characters loitering. Parts of it have the feel and appearance of a downmarket British seaside resort. That said, you have to see things like Pier 39 with it's sea lion colony and carousel for the kids. As a general rule though - when exiting the hotel TURN LEFTWhen using the cable car, if there is a queue at the turnaround, walk a couple of blocks up.Highly recommended are the local Bay Quackers tour (goes from round the corner of hotel), Exploratorium for the kids, Alcatraz (take the earliest tour), Angel Island, Union Square  downtown for shopping, Yerba Buena gardens.For overnight parking, if you can get a 4 hour space at the end of Jefferson, it's better than paying for hotel valet option. Failing that, there is a self park option at the back of hotel.EATING OUTFor really good Italian food and pizza, seek out Tommaso's - it's not in the best area (XXX stores etc) but is well worth a visit and very popular, so expect to queue.If you have a car, take a drive our to the Beach Chalet bar and restaurant over at GG park. They produce great dishes and brew their own excellent beers. Cafe Buena Vista, again v. close to hotel is a good place for breakfast and famed for it's Irish coffees.Rainforest Cafe at the Wharf is a safe option for the kids, but as ever overpriced and food is nothing special.Food in hotel restaurant was unremarkable but OK.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>nodnyl11
<Content>Just About Right Just about hit all the right buttons as a great location, well appointed place to stay.Unusual decor and rooms and right at the end of Fisherman's Walk , close enough to do the touristy things or far enough away from the touristy things. JUST ABOUT PERFECT LOCATION.For Joggers, walkers cyclists etc the location is excellant, with access to the GG Bridge quite easy on the shoreline footpath.With cable car terminus right outside the hotel, Union Square is easily accessable but as they limit numbers on the first stop just walk to the next block / pick up point and you'll get on everytime instead of queing. This applies to any return journey if you get on at the end of the line, walk to the first stop.Lombard Street is just a few blocks away but UPHILL !In a couple of blocks the other way, get a trip down the Piers or even into town or areas such as Castro by way of the Trams, beutifully restored.Get a pass its much cheaper.The hotel staff were great, couldn't fault any of them and they were extremely helpful even though Virgin managed to lose my suitcase on the way out ( IT NEVER ARRIVED ).The happy hour at 5pm added to the ambience with the staff more than accomodating if you required a re-fill.Must do's are Alcatraz, City Tour, Ride the Cable Cars , the sea lions  The Golden Gate Bridge.Be prepared for cooler than normal temperatures.All in all, GREAT HOTEL, GREAT STAFF, GREAT LOCATION, would most certainly recommend and stay there again  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>oilcityeric
<Content>Great place to stay at Fishermans Warf Beautiful hotel.Perfect location if you want to stay at Fishermans Warf.Easy walk to everthing.Staff are friendly and helpful.Blue Mermaid restuarant is a great place to eat.Get an outside table for lunch.Go to Buena Vista for breakfast and the best Irish coffee you will ever have.Jump on the cable car and see the town.This place was worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Squiz
<Content>Great hotel in great location       One of the hills streets of San Fran (the Argonaunt is the red building on the left)  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>otec649
<Content>Argonaut not worth the money We stayed with our granddaughter from 06/04-06/08 and paid $254.00 per night for a room that had barely adequate floor space for us. We had 3' of floor space from the foot of the bed to the wall and only 10 square feet of space in the bathroom. The only place to sit was a wooden desk chair, or on the edge of the bed, which is not very relaxing after a day of sightseeing. This was the smallest hotel room we have ever stayed in. Our phone didn't work until the last night we were there, when they sent a repairman to fix it for us. If it had not been for the location on Fisherman's Wharf and the friendliness and hospitality of the doorman and bellmen this hotel would have been miserable. We will not reccommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>johnghath
<Content>The Argonaut Hotel My wife and I were at the Argonaut hotel from June 1st till June 8th. The room we had was very large (rm. 438) overlooking the park, and the cable car turnaround. The hotel is very well located if you are interested in Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel is very clean and the staff are all friendly and very helpful. The rates for the room are pretty high 239 per night with another charge per night of $33 for tax and whatever else. If you are planning on doing a lot of eating, bring a lot of money. I would recommend Scoma's Restaurant(if you don't mind waiting about 45 minutes for a table) And I would think at the prices they charge they could have a few chairs outside for the 30-40 people usually waiting. I would also recommend Lori's Diner in the Ghiradelli building. It has a beautiful view of the harbor. It has a continuous flow of oldies music, and an old time diner feel, and is reasonably priced. The last piece of advice I will give is VERY important: If you think you are going on a summer vacation to San Francisco, and go with only shorts and t-shirts (as I did), you better bring a lot of money for jackets, sweaters, long pants, and maybe even gloves. Because you will be buying them. Keep this in mind. A famous Mark Twain quote is The coldest winter I ever spent, was a summer in San Francisco  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Scubapups
<Content>Nautical Boutique Hotel - Great Location in San Fran       Argonaut Room - 3rd Floor  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roadtripper2007
<Content>Superb location The Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco was one of my favourites during our 22 day holiday to the States in May 2007.The rooms are quite small but beautifully designed with a nautical theme. The location is also superb 鈥?just a ten minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf 鈥?ideal if you fancy a trip to Alcatraz or Pier 39.On the downside....we had a view over the bay from our room (for which we had to pay more for the privilege), which isn't the best. In fact the area is a bit shabby looking, and although you can see Alcatraz Island, a view of the Bay is slightly misleading, as I was expecting to be able to see the Golden Gate bridge and an amazing view.But the staff here are tremendous 鈥?the most polite in the entire USA in my opinion.Stay here if you want to stay in a converted warehouse with oodles of style and character in the Fisherman's Wharf area of this fantastic city.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SarahDaisy
<Content>Missed this place as they changed policy Had to cancel our booking at the Argonaut as they changed their policy to being a non-smoking property on the 1st of May and didn't inform us. They are trying to charge a cancellation fee. I would likefor other people considering the Argonaut to know that they are non smoking and their reservations guy was impossible to deal with.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plouni
<Content>Great Hotel On the advice of reviewers we stayed at this hotel on the first leg of our four week road trip of California and Nevada and were not disappointed. This was certainly one of the best of the six hotels we stayed at during this time. We were allocated a room with views to the GG Bridge, large, impeccably clean with very nice L'Occutane bathroom products. Booked directly with the hotel website at a cost of $250.00 per night but when on checking on Expedia just two days before departure found that this same room was being offered at $187.00 per night. I immediately contacted the hotel reservations by telephone (which was an international toll free number), they checked the rate on Expedia and said yes they would honour that reduced rate. A fabulous result!! We ate two evening meals at the hotel restaurant The Blue Mermaid which was so good we went back the following night and had another meal which was equally as good. Breakfast was at the cafe situated just a little further up the road on the opposite side (the name I'm afraid escapes me). Had one dinner at the Crab House on Pier 39....Ok, nothing special and quite expensive but a nice view. A must do is the tour of Alcatraz Island, book these at least a week prior to going, we booked online and had no trouble with our home printed tickets. We also purchased the San Francisco Citypass which allowed use of all transportation in the city and entrance to various museums and places of interest, a real bargain. Get these at the Bay Aquarium on Pier 39. Contrary to the previous reviewer we actually thought the area was quite fun...yes a little tacky in places but the hotel was at the quieter end of the Wharf overlooking the park and with the turnaround for the cable cars opposite the hotel taking you to Union Square for all that shopping ladies, what more could you ask for? A word of warning however, these cable cars are very much the preferred mode of transport for tourists and the queues can be huge. We tended to use them directly after breakfast when there is very little wait. Also great fun are the F-Line trams which run along the whole length of the Wharf and into parts of the city. A step back in time.Overall this hotel and the area are to be highly recommended.Have a good trip.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Swaddy69
<Content>THE Place to stay in San Francisco Spent 3 nights at the Argonaut and found the whole experience fautless. The doormen were very helpful and knowledgable on local attractions and places to eat - try Joanies in the square behind the hotel for great breakfasts!Rooms very comfortable with all you need and a great power shower, though neighbours can sometimes be heard if particularly noisy.Location within Fishermans wharf is superb. There is the cable car terminal literally next door and Pier 39 is only a 5 minute walk away. Getting into the city centre is easy and if you are lucky enough you even get a view of the Golden Gate bridge and/or Alcatraz from your room!Reccomend Tower Tours for a 3 hour coach tour of all the city's sights (Golden Gate/Twin Peaks/City centre etc) followed by the Alcatraz tour - A MUST!!!!!Go stay at the Argonaut - you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TrippinTwo
<Content>Over-rated tourist hotel in a tourist trap. I stayed here for two nights on business. The room I had was small to tiny with one window that looked across the 12-foot wide light well directly into other rooms, so for any privacy at all the blinds had to be shut at all times. This made the room seem even more closed in than its little size. The bed, pillows and linens were comfortable. The bathroom was small but functional. Everything worked fine. The room was furnished in a clean modern style, if a little over the top in terms of colors and patterns. The room and hotel seemed in good repair and clean throughout.The location is what is to be expected from Fisherman's Wharf: cheesy, cheesy shops and rip-off tourist restaurants line the street heading east. Thankfully, in the opposite direction is Fort Mason and some lovely open spaces. Except for doing the cheesy Wharf thing, most everything else one would want to visit in S.F. is a cab ride away. Union Square is a much better location for a stay.Check-in was a nightmare, taking about 20 minutes. Getting the car parked was just as bad. Check-out was a repeat of check-in, but I had to wait literally 40 minutes for the valet to retrieve my car!The staff seemed pleasant and professional, but not particularly helpful.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>FloJo-UK
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Booked 3 nights in the Argonaut for the first leg of our 3 week California tour and absolutely loved it.Location is great - within walking distance of all the amenities of the Wharf and only a short tram ride away from the other areas of SF (e.g. Union Sq etc)Rooms are very nautical but decent size with plenty of closet space and nice bathroom.Only down size is the Valet parking - cost was approx $43 each night plus tip of course for the driver/valet. I had researched parking garages in the area before we went and found one around the corner for $26 per night, but as we didn't arrive until 8pm at night after a gruelling 18 hour journey, we decided to valet for the first night. After collecting next day we discovered that they use the same garage as we then used (most likely at a discount!!) so were making a healthy profit! The garage is literally round the back of the hotel (turn left, then left again and its 100 yards on the right) so save your money. On the plus side, they did lose our valet slip so in the end we didn't have to pay it anyway. One final note - don't use their internet service - go 10 mins down the road to Ben  Jerry's and use theirs at a fraction of the cost.Would we stay here again - most definately - a great start to the holiday.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tezzr
<Content>Nice Hotel , great staff Stayed at the Argonaut Hotel after driving from Los Angeles to SF via Highway 1. It proved to be a great place - the beds very comfortable and for once the website descriptions matched the actual conditions - a real oasis after three days on the road. The staff could not have been more helpful and helped my wife with bags out of the taxi while I was paying the taxi driver without being asked even tho we stopped a small distance from the hotel. The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable and I would recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thmar
<Content>Another great stay...our favorite San Francisco Hotel!! Once again the Argonaut Hotel did not disappointed us on our recent weekend trip to the city. We love the Argonaut....spacious rooms, wonderful beds, great service.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RayhPeterboroughUK
<Content>Extra's prove costly We stayed at this hotel for the last three nights of our three week trip to the US. There is a Maritime theme throughout the hotel including the guest rooms and this makes it somewhat different I guess from the usual hotels. The room was clean and comfortable. Prior to arriving at the hotel we has telephoned them to ask if we could have some packages delivered to the hotel as this was the only place we intended staying three nights and they readily agreed. I was somewhat suprised however to see an acceptance charge for each package on my bill when I came to checkout. I was also suprised to be told that the computers provided for guest use onto the internet wold be charged at $6 dollars per fifteen minutes. Prior to arriving here we had stayed in various Holiday Inn's, Best Western's and Hampton Inn's, all of which were excellent value and gave free guest internet access. A nice hotel, well located, but beware of the extra's  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>rtep
<Content>Nice and harmonic hotel We stayed three days at the Argonaut and had a really good time. The hotel is located at the end of the Fishermans Wharft where it's more quiet. The furnishing is really exceptional and charming. Rooms are small but clean and well equipped.Altogether, the Argonaut is it's price worth and a really good middleclass hotel. We've enjoyed our stay and would like to recommand it toeverybody who is planning a trip to San Francisco. At least two tippsregarding breakfast you have to go to Boudin, best breakfast in town with selfmade bread and if you have time and enough money you have togo to Fior d'Italia. It's the oldest Italien restaurant in the states. Not cheap but very delicious.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>angelynnt
<Content>Great for couples- Perfect location My husband and I stayed four nights, and it was a great stay! We asked for a quieter room, and were pleased with room size and location. We had several tours planned and were in a good locattion for pick up and walking distance for start locations. Was close enough to walk to the pary locations too, but not so close it disturbed sleep. My husband is a light sleeper and we would stay there again. Recommended.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MickNAnn
<Content>Excellent location and rooms Excellent hotel, clean, well furnished, large well equipped rooms. We had a top floor room looking inwards so no bay view but it was very quiet. The wine tasting every evening was a great social event.The complimentary Yoga pack and Yoga/Pilates video channel was useful after a long flight.The hotel location is excellent, close to the cable car stop and Fisherman's Wharf.Breakfasts were good, and not too expensive. Evening meals were also good, but beware the restaurant closes at 9:00pm. Monday -Thursday.Staff were very helpful, particularly the concierge (Michaela) and the doormen (great for help with bus routes). Also, many thanks to an honest cab driver and Linda who posted back to us a bag (and contents) left in a taxi taking us to the airport.Try the Tower Tours trips, and the Vietnamese restaurant next to Tower Tours office in Giardhelli Square.Be wary of using Super Shuttle. Even though we had booked in advance, it took over an hour for a bus to pick us up from the airport, then another hour for the driver to drop everyone else off at their hotels (unluckily we were last). Consequently we made our way back to the airport by cab and BART (excellent railway system). We may have been unlucky but be warned.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>cuddlyelephant
<Content>Good location and nice rooms but a bit noisy! we stayed here for 4 nights in april 2007. I found the location of the hotel to be the best we could have got having explored san francisco as i would not have wanted to stay in the union square area and some other tourist areas are a bit too far away from the centre of everything, but fishermans wharf has a real seaside feel to it. think of a sort of very upmarket golden mile at blackpool without the nasty bits, but you should be aware there are quite a few homeless people around all areas of san fran including fishermans wharf, but i didnt find it a problem.our room had a view of the golden gate bridge and the bay which was fantastic and we liked the decor of the room. it was a big room but we did notice the noise from the next room a bit ,and also you do get some noise from the cable car turnaround outside the hotel, but really, the amenities the hotel offers makes up for this- just take some earplugs!the evening wine reception was a nice touch- make sure you do get there between 5-6pm as they start packing the wine away on the dot! this hotel was quite pricey, but i feel it was worth it. The staff were very helpful, even getting us on a last minute trip to alcatraz even though we had been told by a tour operator that there was no chance of us getting on it as we hadn't booked in advance!we had one breakfast and one meal in the blue mermaid resteraunt which is attatched to the hotel which were both very good, but for an even nicer breakfast i would suggest lori's diner at ghiardelli square- the french toast is gorgeous! Also Boudins bakery at fishermans wharf has a nice cafe to have lunch in.san francisco is a fantastic city to visit - and the argonaut hotel was a great base for us!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MDEBHANKSHOME
<Content>Nice Hotel - but very noisey location The Argonaut is a very nice hotel with a small price tag located in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf and Cannery Row. The decor is very nautical without being too kitchey. The service from the staff was very good, all were willing to go above and beyond to help you. They also have a complimentary drink hour that everyone turns out for. The downside to our stay was our room was on street level. Everytime they cleaned our room they would leave the plantation shutters open for everyone on the street to look thru. At night, it was very noisey. The room we were in was on the corner close to an Irish Pub and the Trolley stop so there was foot traffic at very late hours of the night and wee hours of the morning. So if you stay here, ask for a room on the second floor.The location is fantastic, your close to everything and if you don't feel like walking, the doorman will gladly call you a cab. The trolley stop is right out the door as well.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Sofarsogood
<Content>Service, Service, Service Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Argonaut with my elderly mother. The staff at this hotel was unbelievable - from the moment we pulled up to the curb until we pulled away, the level of service was exceptional and almost everyone we met was extremely friendly. Our stay at the hotel turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip. The room was spacious and extremely comfortable. We loved the decor and the staff uniforms. No noise problems as others have experienced. We found a great rate on the internet, then called the hotel directly and they matched the rate. If you go, try Joanies behind the hotel for a great breakfast and Capurro's across the street for a good dinner. Parking at the garage on Beach St behind the hotel is only $26 overnight.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Loonbeam
<Content>Location, Location, Location       Our room at the Argonaut - Standard room but still nice sized  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DarranB
<Content>Great Position and Very Friendly Staff My and Wife and I stayed at the Argonaut from May 4th to May 7th on our honeymoon, the hotel is in a superb location on Fishersmans Wharf directly next to the Powell  Hyde Cable Car turnaround station. The hotel staff were very friendly, when we arrived we were informed that we had been upgraded to a Junior Suite, number 251, the hotel management also sent a bottle of champagne to help us celebrate our honeymoon, a really nice touch. Our room had a view over the Bay directly looking at Alcatraz, the room was only on the second floor so the view probably wasn't as good as rooms on floors above us. The lounge area in our Junior suite had a tv and dvd player, so did the bedroom, the bathroom had a deep jacquzzi bath which was fantastic. It was a really busy weekend on the Wharf and having read other reports about this hotel I expected noise to be a problem, however, noise was not apparent at all and our room overlooked a busy road and we were only on the 2nd floor so if noise was a problem surely we would have experienced it, the only noise we heard was from the room above where a couple had a big argument and then made up in a natural way, very noisy! I believe the standard rooms at the hotel are small and most complaints probably come from guests staying in these rooms, so i recommend you paying a little bit more and upgrading to higher room grades. Each evening at the hotel they hold a wine tasting gathering at 5pm for one hour, this is great to meet other guests and share stories of your trips and travels. Tips to make your stay extra enjoyable are as follows: 1/ if you like to dine at the best places then try the number one french restaurant in town Gary Danko, it really is a fantastic dining experience and just one block up Hyde Street from the hotel, advance table bookings are essential, call [--]. 2/ Enjoy a tour on an original San Francisco Mack 55 Fire Engine, this fun 90min tour for $45 takes you through the streets of San Francisco and then over the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausilito, a short stop to take pictures and then back over the Bridge to the City, fantastic value, telephone [--] or go to [--], this is a husband and wife run business and their obvious passion for the job guarantees that you will have a great tour. 3/ When going on the Cable Car get a muni ticket which allows unlimited travel, the cost is $11 per day or $18 for 3 days, this then covers travel on all San Franciso Cable Cars and Buses, this is great value when you consider that each single journey on cable car will cost you $5. When we come back to SFO we will definite choose the Argonaut again but we will also stay in the beautiful town of Sausilito which is just over the Golden Gate bridge. Book and Enjoy!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>franSurrey
<Content>Overpriced Whilst we don't doubt that the hotel was clean, it was sorely overpriced and very unfriendly. There seems to be no soundproofing in between rooms and we had to ask to be moved after our first night, only to find we had the same problem where we were moved to. Whilst some of the staff were friendly to a point, we were disappointed with the service when comparing it to other hotels of the same standard. In short, there are better places you could stay in San Fran.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	2	4	2	2	3	

<Author>BellaandAsher
<Content>FANTASTIC Fantastic Hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful in every respect.One note about parking -- at first blush, $39 seems VERY expensive for valet parking....but it actually the cheapest around. We parked the car overnights (non-valet) around the corner for $26 a night. A good option if you don't plan on taking your car in and out. If we had to do the valet, it is cheaper than the other hotels around. Also, when we walked into the hotel from sightseeing, Frank Caliendo, of MADTV and Fox NFL Sunday was being interviewed. He was doing his John Madden impression when we walked by him. He was performing at the local comedy club...so, if the celebrities stay here, you know it is a great hotel. It did not disappoint and the location was fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dimeander
<Content>Paper thin walls and New York Times Like a lot of others, I booked on the strength of reviews here. Got a decent rate from Expedia for a room with bay view. Location was great for tourists, and service from bell boys was fine. Service from onsite restaurant was slow at breakfast and lunch, food was OK.A non-complimentary copy of the New York Times is placed outside the room each day. If you do not pick up this paper when you go out, the room maids put it in the room each day. I had six unread copies piled up on a dressing table by the end of my stay. Apparently, if you tell reception that you don't want it, they will deduct 25 cents a day from your bill!The real issue with the hotel is the paper thin walls. These have been mentioned in previous reviews, but you really could hear every word from the room next door, which doesn't aid sleep if they get a few phone calls at 5 am.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Barbeque
<Content>Perfect for our family We have just returned from a week at the Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco. We booked a special advanced rate on an enormous corner suite for our family of five. The suite, which included a king room with bath, twin double bedroom with bath, and enormous living room with double pull out couch and dining table, is probably the most comfortable accomodations we have ever had with the children. The location, at the calmer end of Fisherman's Wharf , is absolutely perfect for a family vacation -- we were within very easy walking distance of the cable car, duck tour, fire engine tour, biking over the golden gate bridge (not to be missed!), Alcatraz ferry, and historic boats (the submarine audio tour was excellent). Numerous restaurants in the area appeal to famlies and the views over the bay are spectacular. The hotel rooms are stylish and fun; the only drawback was the noise -- we had a third floor suite facing away from the water, which I hoped would be quiet, but was in fact rather noisy in the early mornings. The water facing third and fourth floor rooms and suites must have great views but might also be noisy, since they overlook the wharf area. Beware that the interior rooms in the hotel (which i don't believe are suites) face a very bland concrete courtyard -- they must be quiet but not exciting. Finally, there is no pool (which would have been nice, but wasn't essential to us)  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Frick
<Content>Argonaut - clean, refreshing, worth the money       Bay view from Room 448  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SouthWalesMarkRich
<Content>Top Hotel First time in San Francisco and didn't we get the hotel right.Used Trip Advisor and comments from friends wisely in order to stay at very touristy Fisherman's Wharf. Apologies to anyone who is a fanof San Fran's downtown area, but i know we did the right thing. Although the wharf has shades of Blackpool about it, it was convenient, atmospheric and more importantly safe.I appreciate San Fran has attempted to clean up its image, but on trip to Union Square we counted over 30 homeless people - the majority of whom pestered for dollars. The wharf area had its share but at least they had the courage to attempt to entertain for their money, and due to the amount of tourists were not so noticable. The Argonaut was brilliant. All staff polite and courteous. Rooms superb, location outstanding. Most of the hotel chains have establishments on the Wharf, but many are rundown and the extra few pound to stay at the Argonaut is well worth it. Nice restaurant in hotel, fitness room a little small but overall a great experience. If we'd stayed downtown I think we would have returned with a negative experience of what is clearly one hell of a city - anything goes in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>quakerquisp
<Content>thought it was great we stayed april 7-12 2 queen beds-first room was non-smoking,but someone had smoked so we asked to move no problem. FYI city rooms mean facing beach street(where the buena vista is) interior will be looking over the roof,courtyard or bay view. First room was street so glad we moved. We then stayed in a courtyard yes there is music,but it is nice and you can always shut the window they stop by 10 pm. Our room was very,very nice extremely clean,beds were firm for us,but still nice. there were two end tables w/drawers,work table,2 chairs nice tv ,dvd player. The mini fridge was not on a sensor the cleaning staff took inventory so we used it for our things and just remembered to put their items back. Staff is very nice and helpful. The review regarding unruly kids in the reception area I did not see, but we did see adults enjoying themselves with the wine reception. There is nothing scary about walking around the wharf area at night, I lived here for 3 years and maybe was used to it ,but nothing ever happens just don't walk around by market street at night. Room walls are thin and you can hear people walking above you. Anyway will go back for sure we thought it was great, parking is 45.oo per night in/out call ahead takes 10-15 min to get car.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kenttraveller079
<Content>Mixed Feelings Having read the positive reviews on the Tripadvisor website, I had higher expectations about this hotel. Although the daily wine tasting (not so much wine tasting, more like free unlimited wine or beer) is a great opportunity to unwind after a busy day, the reception area was swamped daily with unruly children and dismissive parents. The locals also tend to use the facility! Not a great atmosphere to relax.The decor itself is tastefully done, bordering on gimmicky, and being a themed hotel is likely to attract youngsers and families. We had a problem with the room, having booked a deluxe room, we found the only available room overlooked the cannery courtyard with loud jazz music blaring out, and was next to a room containing a very yappy dog (beware this is a pet friendly hotel and the whole 3rd floor smells of dogs). We requested to move and were informed we could downgrade to an inward facing, quieter standard room, or pay $80 per night to upgrade to a bay view room. We decided to take the downgrade and the room was much quieter, apart from hearing next door's TV through the very thin walls all night. To compensate we were given free breakfast vouchers, worth about $30 a day.The location is great for the cable car stop, however is right on the edge of Fishermans Wharf and the walk to the main area in the dark can be a bit intimidating.If you're looking for grandeur or business-like facilities, definitely stay in one of the large chain hotels in the city.Otherwise, this hotel is suited for families, youngsters and people wanting to experience true San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>SeanAndP
<Content>What an awesome stay Having stayed at a Kimpon hotel in SF previously, I booked on the Argonaut web site. I was a bit concerned as some people complained about noise - we did not experience this.My wife and I are extremley choosy (read fussy) regarding our hotels  the Argonaut exceeded our expecations.The staff are so friendly and this hotel has a real boutique hotel feel. You are addressed by your name, not room number. Even the bell-hop was very friendly  went out of his way to give us info on the city. Even the doorman helped unpack our shopping from a cab. The rooms are excellent and the nautical theme is not overdone. The bathroom is a little small. The room ameneties are good with a DVD player. The location could not be better, next door Ghiradelli's and a very short walk from Pier 39. You won's be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MartinLondon
<Content>Great value Big rooms, very comfortably furnished (even if the nautical theme is a bit over the top), excellent location for tourists and great value.The L'Occitane bathroom products and the free glasses of wine each evening for residents were particularly nice touches. We purposely chose an inside room, so we had no view, but it was extremely peaceful for this bustling location.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>EPayne
<Content>GREAT Location! The location of this hotel was GREAT! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and very well decorated. The only drawback to this hotel was that there was quite a bit of noise from neighboring room(s).  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Travelling_Wiz
<Content>Lovely hotel with "over the top" decor I go to San Francisco twice a year and nearly always stay at Stanford Court. I found the Argonaut to be a lovely alternative. The service and staff was uniformly friendly and helpful. The public rooms were spacious and attractive. My room was quite long and narrow, but still of reasonable size and very very well appointed. I had an inside room facing the other side of the hotel so bad for view but great for quiet. I had a very low rate so I would not complain about receiving a less desireable room. And I'll pick quiet anytime! On the flip side, the walls seemed rather thin and one evening I could very clearly hear the t.v. in the adjoining room. Luckily, this happened only on one night. The nautical decor in the lobby was cute, but in the room, it was really rather jarring. There were wide stripes on the walls, with a border of stars all around, a very large mirror, maybe 8 feet in diameter designed to look like a porthole, etc. I personally found it unattractive, but as I said, the room was very well appointed and comfortable, and I really don't care much about their decorating. Wireless and wired internet access was free which is a nice plus. I didn't eat a real meal in the restaurant, but I did have breakfast in the hotel which was nice and the selection of wine by the glass at the bar was good too. I LOVE the fact that it is a few short steps to the Buena Vista! BV is a better choice for breakfast. On balance, it was a very nice hotel and I would consider it again - although I might still end up back at Stanford Court!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>No_Camping
<Content>No regrets. I have no reservations about recommending this hotel to anyone who wants a fun, clean, peppy hotel. If you're looking for dark leather counches in the lounges, don't stay here. This is a fresh, nautical themed hotel directly on Fisherman's Wharf. The staff was quite friendly, helpful in recommending restaurants, and constantly asked what they could do for us to enjoy our stay. The room was clean, colorful (the nautical theme runs throughout the hotel) and larger than we expected. A great find in San Francisco!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Likeke
<Content>Couldn't be a better choice at the Wharf! We stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights with our teenage son and daughter and couldn't have asked for better. The staff at the hotel was excellent in all areas. The rooms were larger than normal and very unique. Colors are bold, but gave the hotel character.The location is the best aspect - right at the Wharf, adjacenet to the Cable Car terminus and main bus lines. Which is great since parking at the hotel is pretty pricey, but you don't need a car in San Francisco. Buy the multi-day MUNI passes and see it like a local!Great hotel that I hope I get the chance to stay at again!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TENNDAWG
<Content>A Truly Wonderful Stay near Fisherman's Wharf What a great location and wonderful staff. A few tips, some rooms have a view of an inside which is basically looking at other room windows. Rooms on the East side are on the Cannery Row Courtyard which isn't a bad view, but, they have live music in the late afternoon. If you're a napper, just know that going in. Rooms on the West Side may offer a view of the bay, but, there is little blocking the sun. The rooms are spacious and very well kept. Within one block of the front door you can take the cable cars and go to the Buena Vista. Fisherman's Wharf is nearby, but, it attracts little in the way of American Tourists anymore; however, it is very convenient to the ferry's to Tiburon, Alcatraz and Sausalito. My wife and I have visited SF every year for 4 years in a row and we will probably stay at this hotel for the remainder of our visits.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nsc7561
<Content>Best Hotel in San Francisco I am a huge traveler and the Argonaut Hotel was the best I have everbeen too. Not once did I have to open the door myself. Not once did I experience an unhappy employee. And not once was I ever dissatisfied. From the hotel, to the employees, to the service and location, everything was top notch.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newf22
<Content>ambiance was great! We decided to stay here due to the wonderful reviews, we were not disappointed! Got a better rate by just walking in. Hotel is right on Fisherman's Wharf, didn't need the car during our stay. The staff was very attentive, would stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>powell1978
<Content>Very cool hotel Went out of their way to make us feel welcome on our honeymoon! Service was excellent!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BARNESLONDON
<Content>Argonaut great for families What a great place, particularly for families with young kids. Very good staff, not fawning 鈥?just friendly, cool and on the ball. They sorted out babysitters and had a kids鈥?treasure box of free (cheap) toys. Very new hotel, lots of space everywhere, and although the nautical theme is taken a bit far, it鈥檚 not distasteful, actually quite fun. The Blue Mermaid restaurant is pretty good, great with kids, nice and relaxed and good value. Why it shuts at 9pm was beyond us 鈥?go there early!Lovely big suite for $479 a night + tax which we thought was good value compared to our horror experience at its sister hotel, the Triton. Modern, very clean and spacious, with a superb deep hot-tub bath and Alcatraz framed in our bedroom window like a postcard. The area is touristy, but not crowded, and we liked it as a base for a 3 day stay. The cable car stop is just round the corner, so off you go into the rest of the city, and it鈥檚 very handy for the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, bike hire (next door), seafood restaurants and so on. Cabs are so cheap that you can get to Union Square for $9, so being out of the centre doesn鈥檛 really matter, and it has a nice laid back vibe down there. The wine tasting was a bit of a joke - a choice of two cheap wines, one of which was from Australia, but at least it filled up the spacious lounge with happy guests.One thing - don't make the mistake I made and call abroad from the room's phone. I had to change our rental car booking and a 10 minute call to an international Freephone number cost $128!!!! They halved it when I complained, but even so....Phone charges aside, we'd highly recommend The Argonaut.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Macmillan
<Content>We liked it a lot! We spent one night here coming straight from the airport after a ten hour flight - it's easier to find than it sounds from the instructions! It was just wonderful to have valet parking at the door, a really pleasant porter to show us to our room, and a very helpful concierge to suggest somewhere close by to eat. And when we got back, the bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in for a long time! The room was great. Very quirky decorations, a huge round mirror, chaise longue, tiger skin patterned dressing gowns and a powerful shower in the bathroom. We had no problems with the thin walls mentioned elsewhere, but then we'd be up for 23 hours so we'd probably have slept though a rock concert in the next room!Breakfast next day was vast and good and we had a wander along to Pier 39 about 10 minutes away. And being able to ring down from the room to have the car waiting just outside was a treat - if expensive. So all in all a great place. Wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Molliesdad
<Content>Cool decor, friendly staff, narrow rooms Stayed four nights, in third floor room overlooking the Cannery. Staff were extremely friendly, concierge was very helpful with a Valentine day request.Beds, linen and towels all very clean and comfy, Can't really fault the whole experience and we are high maintainance people.It did seem as if all the rooms were very long but narrow, I suppose this is down to what the building was before.Overall, loved it and didn't have a problem with the thin wall problem described before.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigAl818
<Content>Great Find! My New Favorite SF Hotel! A last minute trip landed me in San Francisco with no hotel reservation on a Saturday night. It was about 1am and I tried all of the bargain places but they were too expensive and many were booked.I just happened by the Argonaut and decided to call. They gave me a better rate than the HOLIDAY INN! and took me in last minute and made me feel super comfy. I've stayed at the Drake, the W, and many other pricey SF hotels. I will never stay anywhere else. It has a great location, is all brand new, a nice gym, and excellent service and staff.I liked the Nautical theme, thought it was well executed and neat. Some older or more conservative guests may not like it as much but it beats the generic hotel decor hands down. TRY IT!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>matupatu
<Content>Excellent value Excellent location at Fisherman wharf. Good restaurants nearby, plenty of close by breakfast options if you like to save money and skip hotels normally steep prices. A good parking lot a block away in case you do not want to pay a very high valet parking fee, more than $ 30 dollars per night. Rooms , a little small but with excellent taste and with all the amenities you are looking forward, in particular for a very reasonable rate.Tram line , only one block away, that takes you to Union Square. Outstanding concierge service. Excellent for families with kids, it has a Disney atmosphere. Do not hesitate: stay in the Argonaut!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nunwin
<Content>Great Hotel and Location The Argonaut Hotel is lovely just what one needs after a long flight from the UK. It is located towards the bridge end of fishermans wharf. The rooms are great with a nautical theme which whilst slightly over the top works well. The service is very good with an efficient check-in proceedure and very good concierge who even managed to get us into a great local restaurant at very short notice during presidents weekend break !!By the way if you fancy a great french restaurant go to the Hyde Street Bistro.The cable car is only a 2 minute walk from the hotel as is the waterfront. Highly reccommended.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J-Adum
<Content>Perfect Hotel I am from Ecuador- South America and spent 7 nights at this hotel. I tell you everything was perfect for me since I got there. Very fast check in, the room could not be more quiet and nice, excelent food, well located, friendly staff and amazing boutique-navy decoration. I really doubt there is a better hotel in San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AD_WDC
<Content>other reviews were right The other reviews I read here were pretty much dead on. Although I didn't care for the decor (bordering on cheesy nautical), the rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. The staff is among the most professional and friendly I have seen anywhere and really enhanced the stay. The wine hour at 5pm was a nice touch. I was traveling for business and a colleague made the reservations; while the location is great for vacation/tourist travel, it's not convenient for business travel because it is far from downtown. While there is some public transport in the area, you will wind up in a cab if you want to check out other areas of the city. The thin walls were also the worst I have ever seen; even with earplugs, the amount of noise at all hours of the night was incredible and just enough to wake you every few hours. Nothing the hotel can do about it, it's a construction issue.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>homeontheranger
<Content>Charming Romantic Unbelievable Service! We stayed only one night at this beautiful hotel and can't wait to go back. We bought the chart your course to romance package and talk about romantic! From the very minute we arrived in valet parking, we were treated like royalty. Fast check in service, bell service, concierge service, what ever our hearts desired! They even upgraded our room, which, by the way, was already a star! I would recommend this hotel to the president! Absolutely beautiful in all ways, service, cleanliness, beauty, room service, everything was fabulous! Thank you so much for making what we thought was going to be a special time, into one of the most wonderful we have had at any hotel we have stayed. Everything was perfect!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelWarrior
<Content>Loved it, slightly different. Now, I know it sounds a bit naff when you say the bedrooms are decorated like ship's cabins but, trust me, it's in the best possible taste at the Argonaut. The rooms are very stylishly designed a la boutique hotel, beautifully furnished and well-equipped with good tvs, cd and dvd players. Loved the quirky tiger-skin bath robes. It all just makes this stand out from the boring chain hotels that surround it. Try and ask for a room with a view, it looks right out over the Maritime Museum. The position right on Fisherman's Wharf is fabulous and it's very easy to get anywhere in town from here, cable cars are just round the corner and the trams are just a couple of blocks along. All this, coupled with excellent staff and service, makes it a regular stop for me when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fasse
<Content>great location, thin walls Everything I read about this hotel was true, including the reviewer that mentioned the thin walls. The staff are extremely helpful, the location is perfect, the wine/beer hour is fabulous, and the decor is beautiful - love the exposed beams. The downside, the rooms are very narrow and if you're on the interior you look out to a white wall and windows of other rooms. The worst thing however, from my personal experience, are the thin walls. We could hear word for word the conversation of the people next door. This wasn't so bad early in the day, but at ten through to 1:00am we were very frustrated. I don't know if there are quiter rooms, so ask about it and if not bring ear plugs.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonDisappointed
<Content>The Best We normally stay at 5 star hotels and this is a 4 star. We were also a bit sceptical when we saw the pictures of the bright rooms on the web but this was the best hotel. Location perfect and the staff beyond friendly and helpful. To not stay at this hotel would be a mistake!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lyndilu
<Content>Great hotel in great location This hotel is situated at the end of Fisherman's Wharf, near to the trolley and bus stops. We got there mid-morning and expected to be turned away until the afternoon but were allocated a room immediately by very helpful and friendly staff.The hotel is beautifully decorated with a nautical theme. Our room was 'cosy' if you're judging it by huge American hotel room standards but on the larger side compared to UK rooms.There is a restaurant attached which was good value and good quality food. We only stayed for one night as we were travelling through San Francisco and we'd never heard of the Kimpton Hotel chain before but we'd definitely stay there again. In fact we were so impressed with the hotel we're staying in another Kimpton one in Chicago for 4 nights in July 2007.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YourTownNext
<Content>LOVELY hotel and excellent staff so it pains me to report.... ....thin walls! There is absolutely nothing that the staff could do on this one, but unfortuntately to me, sleeping is the most important part of the hotel experience. I am confident that the staff would have moved me to as many rooms as necessary to please me, but the trouble is that I was settled in bed, very tired and not willing to go through moving rooms at that point. The people in the room next door were not exceptionally noisy, but merely in a festive mood and there was a child also. I'm not even a 'light sleeper'. In the average hotel, I would not have been bothered by the noise, but I could hear the conversations next door...word for word...clearly...not muffled! The room was gorgeous, spacious, very clean,had free internet and the very kind staff had set me up in a room with a beautiful view of the Golden Gate Bridge. And my rate was under $150.00 per night including tax! Therefore, I will definitely stay there again if it is possible to select an end room with an empty room next door or perhaps a solo person. I hate to complain about this very lovely hotel, but since I lost a couple hours of sleep, I thought it would be helpful for readers to know this so that they can request quiet rooms if possible.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Globelet
<Content>Wow!!!!!! I have recently come back home after staying at the Argonaut and all I can say is WOW!!!!!!I was greeted by John and escorted to the desk and introduced. I arrived early from a very long international flight but the room was ready. Through my stay, 10 days I was referred to by name and always greated by a smile. The staff were always willing to offer suggestions where to eat what to do and were not into promoting certain resteraunts along the wharf. The whole exprience was fantastic. Yes the area has tourist written all over it but that gave the stay a great vibe. You could do tourist and I did or do low key you have the option at your finger tips. The cable cars were very close also the F line which will take you into Market st the shopping area and all the way out to Castro.The wine hour is lovely way to unwind and meet other guests and their furry friend (They are a pet friendly hotel), just Wow!!!!My tips: 1. If you are in the city for a while invest in a MUNI 7 of 3 day pass (7 day US$24.00, 3 day $18) especially if you plan to local transport The trams, bus, cable car.2. If you are an international traveller, Macy's Department store (Union square) go to the visitor area floor 6 or 7 and get a visitor pass, you can get 11% of your purchases. Bring a drivers licence/ passport.3. The biggest treat. If you are a foodie Gary Danko is just up the road, the food is worth the price (Fixed Menu starts at $61) it is just out of this world, ever morsel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YetAnotherTraveler
<Content>Amazing Argonaut  We were leaving out of SF on a cruise and I had checked out the reviews of a variety of hotels. A fan of great service, I decided to give this property a try. Boy, am I glad I did! We arrived well before check-in time and had a lot of luggage. Before we even got out of the cab, the staff greeted us in our van and started to help. We inquired about the possibility of an early check-in, and were personally escorted right to the desk by Kevin - an outgoing personality offering a personal warm welcome to the Argonaut service. Check-in was a breeze, no problem whatsoever with the early time, and staff was ready to help with questions about the area, recommendations for food, and even an unrequested weather forecast. The staff has some unique uniforms - which adds to the servicescape. Some shirts reminded some of us of the puffy shirt episode from Seinfeld - which the staff took in stride with playful yet respectful sarcasm. I travel quite a bit for work, and I've not yet had such a welcome at a property. From start to finish, the staff is a real gem. And, that's the highlight even before you get to see your room. I was a little worried about size - we had a group of 4. No worries. Rooms were fantastic - historic yet completely comfortable. Check out the pictures - you can see the style of the rooms. The pictures (in my opinion) made the rooms look smaller than in real life. And, what some feared might be overbearing in decor was actually quite warm and classy. Beds were amazing, and we had a window view of Ghiradelli Square. Couldn't have asked for more. While some properties are closer to Pier 39, Wharf and Cruise Terminal - skip the average properties and head here. Walking the area was easy and streetcars right adjacent to the property. Reasonably priced and close enough to everything, with spectacular service and impressive rooms. I didn't pass one staff member who didn't smile and offer a warm 'hello.' This is my first Kimpton experience. It won't be my last. While I'm sure every hotel and staff are somewhat different, the impression was strong enough to have me checking for the Kimpton name wherever I go next. Hope they can keep the smiles and match this level of service - somehow, I think they will.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mayarimom
<Content>Great Hotel! Just got back from 3 days in San Francisco with our two kids ages 6 and 9. The Argonaut was great. Very friendly staff, a beautifully appointed room with an awesome view of the Golden Gate Bridge, and a wonderful location made this a great place to stay.As soon as we arrived at 5pm, they presented the kids with a gift and offered mom and dad a glass of wine...they had us at hello!The doorman, valet guy and everyone we met was upbeat and friendly. The room was very cool, with a modern, whimsical, nautical theme. The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. In-room internet connection, dvd, and cd player were appreciated. Aveda bath products. New York Times delivered to us every morning, and Wall Street Journals to take in the lobby. the work out room was really well appointed, with a nice selection of machines, treadmills, weights, yoga stuff. The location is great. Far enough away from the hustle and bustle Fisherman's Wharf, but right by Ghirardelli and the cable car turn around. Starbucks and Ben and Jerry's are in the same building, the Cannery. The valet parking is expensive, so we opted for a lot around the corner which was a great deal at $12. We had a great stay and will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjjnnn
<Content>Above average hotel Stayed here for 4 days at the end of a 2 week trip to California with my husband and 3 sons.The reception staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.We opted to stay in the slightly smaller courtyard rooms as they were not overlooked and seemed quiteter.Rooms were nice, nautical theme, wonderful Aveeda shampoos etcEvening wine reception was great.Location was good for trip to Alcatraz, but area was very touristy and a bit tacky. I think I would stay near Union square if I went again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>DixieToronto
<Content>Great hotel, huge room We stayed in late November at both the Argonaut Hotel and the Palomar Hotel (sister Kimpton) during our week-long stay in New York. Yes, the reviews are true. I was attending a conference so the Palomar was on the company's bucks, the Argonaut was paid by us. We had a huge room on the second floor, overlooking the parkette next door. It was really big, with a nice sized living room - all for about $160 U.S. (I booked in April.) The staff were very helpful and we absolutely loved the clam chowder at the adjacent restaurant (The Mermaid). The decor is very nautical, but cute. I do recommend it. The area is very tourist-y, but completely empty that time of year. I saw some of the interior courtyard rooms (open for cleaning) and I do NOT recommend these rooms. Spring a litttle for the exterior facing rooms; you do not necessarily need a view but the depressing courtyard with it's pavement would get me down. They have a nice wine tasting in the evening as well. Really, a nice hotel. Clean, bright, and cheerful. We stayed next in the Palomar, and it was well, meh. The usual corporate hotel, but with nice staff.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Creekville
<Content>A smart hotel in a very handy location Stayed at the Argonaut for five nights around XMAS this year after determining rooms were relatively large and relatively new (2003). Great location at end of Fisherman's Wharf which puts it in walking distance of any number of great restaurants and attractions, just next to cable cars. We had a car and found it very easy to bounce from there to anywhere around and outside of San Francisco we wanted to go. Not a convention barn, and not a 20 story place. Right-sized for family or couples vacation, good in house restaurant. Great water-pressure, good beds, quiet rooms. Only weak link was valet parking speed (i.e not swift). All in all though, I would very much look forward to visiting here again. Comfortable, helpful, great rooms, smartly done. Jim ZissonPalm Beach, Fl.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sabrinaswc
<Content>Outstanding room, view, service  The Argonaut at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco is the nicest hotel we have stayed in...not the most expensive or most fancy, but the whole experience was five star!The rooms had great beds and bedding, were quiet, had Nintendo for the kids plus high speed internet, coffee and a refrigerator.The staff from the Doorman who greeted us upon arrival to the Valet who watched over our car at the curb for two hours was exceptional.The lobby had a lovely fireplace and complimentary wine in the evening.The price and the location were unbeatable - highly recommend this one to ANYONE going to San Francisco!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>domandbecky
<Content>Lovely place to stay This was the first stop on our road trip of California.This hotel was very impressive - from the staff at the front door to the free wine tasting sessions.The rooms were very quirky - the theme making the room a lot more interesting. The rooms were also quite big.On the first night we ate in the restaurant in the hotel and they were very friendly and helped explain the menu to us.The only thing that very a bit too expensive was the valet car parking as the hotel is right on the fishermans warff.Also - whilst having a room with a view may be nice - the fogg is soooooo dense that you might not even see the bridge at all.We cycled to the bridge and didn't see it until we were almost on it. When we went over the bridge we couldn't see anything!If you can afford to stay here then do. you won't regret it.Becks  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Crazy-Gracie
<Content>Brilliant Customer Service Sorry this is a delayed review due to internet being down. Because my stay at this hotel was so comfortable and enjoyable I had to send the management a personal thank you note as soon as I got back. I have done a lot of travelling over the last couple of years, and this is one of the best hotels I have stay in. All the staff were so friendly, my room was a good size, clean and very comfortable. Nothing was too much trouble for them. The conceiges gave me a lot of tips on where to go and eat. Being a woman on my own - they did not make me feel awkward - they were just so helpful.I enjoy my stay so much that I got my flight time mix-up - that I ended up staying an extra night - at this hotel - I was not complaining!I am now really looking forward to staying at one of their sister hotels in New York this Christmas. If the staff are just as friendly and the room is just as nice, I will be as pleased as punch.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>basquegal
<Content>This one's a keeper! After spending  girls only weekend with my daughters and mother we have decided to make this an annual holiday trip. Our stay at the Argonaut was spectacular beginning with the valet parking attendant. Our check in was completed in seconds, not minutes and the entire staff was eager to please and very knowledgable as well.Our room was impeccably furnished, very clean and smelled freshly laundered. The furnishings are true to their website and the beds were heavenly.The only disappointment: the cannery shops and ghiradelli square aren't what they used to be, a little over rated. Don't forget to take the cable car to union square and do some shopping and have dinner at the Cheesecake Factory atop the Macy's building.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abcxyz38
<Content>Beautiful Hotel The hotel is beautifully designed. The interior murals are really a neat touch. Somehow they have managed to create something exceptional and different without being tacky.The doorman and bellman were all very nice and helpful. Actually we found that most of the city was very friendly.The only complaint I have is that we were traveling with a 9 and 12 year old and there was nothing for them to do at night in the hotel. The hotel definetly needs a game-room or pool for kids. The kids got bored because it got dark so early.My husband and I will definetly go back to the hotel however if we take the boys we will probably stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Worldtraveler-SWE
<Content>Best hotel ever stayed! This is the best hotel I ever stayed!Nice, big and clean rooms.I would rate this hotel as a 5 star.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TanR
<Content>Very nice Hotel Very nice hotel, all the staff were very friendly and helpful. We did not have any problems at all, our room over looked the courtyard which had pleasent music playing in the evening until 10pm. We only ate at the hotel once - clam chowder which was very tasty. For breakfast we went to the restaurant across the road - i recommend this as it was delicious (especially the omlettes!)The tram line was just across the road - which takes you into the central shopping area. There were loads of restaurants, coffee shops and bars within walking distance too.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wolfsbait
<Content>Great Location - Restaurant a bit fishy San Francisco has been high on my 'must visit' list since I was ten...second only to Lightwater Valley, Ripon, North Yorkshire (a dubious theme park, where for a long time said 'theme' was factory farming...)So after exploding the myth of cattle based recreation many years ago, the lure of San Francisco finally reeled me in this year on a mammoth road trip from LA to Vegas with my wife-to-be and two year old son.And, unlike a rollercoaster based on a rat, San Francisco didn't dissapoint...nor did The Argonaut.On arrival, you're greeted by the oddly attired Valet (imagine what a Carribean policman would look like kitted out by Jean Paul Gaultier and you're not far off) who politely whisks away your car without any awkward 'tip me' glances...a nice touch. Similarly, there were no pangs of 'how much do we tip?' when the bellboy unloaded our bags in our room. I should point out that myself and my wife aren't tight....just shy.The room was as billed...great quality, nice exposed brick and headache inducing carpets all round....I loved it.Downsides: We had a 'quiet' interior room that faced onto a void in the middle of the hotel...hardly inspiring in a city with so much to see...I would have paid extra to have a view...any view.The bathroom was small and I wasn't impressed by the rather sorry shower curtain...in a hotel of this standard, I'd have expected glass...The adjoining restaurant is seafood based, so if you're a fishetarian like myself, best look elsewhere for your tucker. (Breakfasts at the restaurant / diner directly opposite the hotel entrance were superb)Minor irritations for what turned out to be a great 3 night stay.San Francisco was well worth the 23 year wait...highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TPI1400
<Content>Loved it!!! Absolutely loved it. The only problem - their web-site directions seemed wrong when you exit the Bay Bridge. However, if you can read a map you can easily find the hotel, which is on the Wharf and lovely. The decor is really cool and the pictures on their web-site are acurate. Thanks to those handling luggage, opening the front door, parking our car, pouring wine each night from 5 - 6 pm, cleaning our room, etc. All wonderful. The beds and pillows were so comfortable I slept soundly each of the 4 nights we were there. We had a room overlooking a roof, but who cares, it was so quiet and with the large window in the room we had plenty of light. The hotel is in the perfect location to visit the city, especially the Wharf, and Fort Mason. The cable car turn around is across the street and those drivers are great - we actually got to ring the bell a few times and hang off the side while cruising up and down the hills. Just awesome. For our first time in San Francisco we picked a winning hotel - try it, you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shonerm
<Content>Hat's Off to The Argonaut My fiance and myself booked into the Argonaut Hotel for the first night of a two week vacation whilst travelling from England. This hotel did not disapoint. From the moment that the excellent doorman and bellboy helped with our luggage to point that our hire car was returned by the valet, the professional staff made us feel like returning friends. The bedrooms are spacious and comfortable, the complimentary wine tasting welcoming (even after a 10 hour flight!) and the restaurant next door served excellent breakfasts. We have stayed in other hotels in San Francisco before, but will always return to the Argonaut in the future.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>erdocmdca
<Content>comfortable Kimpton hotel Very comfortable. Not quite as funky as other Kimpton's I've stayed in, but not a Ramada either. Smack in the middle of major tourist area. Get an interior room for quiet. Very comfortable bed. Wine reception from 5-6 like other Kimpton's. Helpful staff and concierge. Right next to aquatic park and Ghiradelli square.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>PamLudlow
<Content>Loved Loved Loved the Argonaut       Not hotel room - alcatraz cell!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BadgerAlumn
<Content>Honeymoon at Argonaut My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut 2 separate times during our honeymoon in San Francisco and Napa Valley. Our first night there was a gift from my parents and we had the large suite with a view of Alcatraz. Then, after returning from Napa, we stayed in a regular room with a view of the rooms across the way (the cheaper rooms). We really enjoyed the suite with the view and the cheaper room was still nice, but a lot smaller and with, obviously no view. The Argonaut was in a great tourist location. Very close to Fisherman's Wharf and in a really quiet area too. When we arrived, they had given us a bottle of wine and a card congratulating us on our marriage, which was very nice. We did have two problems while there. 1. Our first night there we had dinner reservations at Gary Danko. My husband requested their express dry cleaning service on a pair of pants he had planned to wear that evening. They promised the pants by 6:00 and we went out walking the city all day. When we returned at 7:00, the pants were not in the room. We called the front desk and the dry cleaning service was closed, so we did not receive the pants when we needed them. They arrived while we were at dinner, but it was too late. At checkout, the dry cleaning was on our bill, but they removed the charge right away when I mentioned our problem with the service.2. We ordered room service our first morning and were told they were busy and it would be about 45 minutes. We said that was fine. At 45 minutes on the nose, they called and told us it would be at least an additional half an hour for our food. When the food arrived, they had not charged us for our drinks, so they were kind about the long wait, but that was an extremely long time to wait for some eggs and oatmeal. Other than that, we very much enjoyed our stay. If you don't want to spend extra money on the suite and view, the smaller room without a view was just lovely too.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>clgamm
<Content>Loved this hotel Loved this hotel, the lobby and the rooms are beautiful. It is a small oasis in the confusion and hustle and bustle of San Francisco. It is at the very far end of Jefferson Street right next to the cable car and the beautiful Aquatic Park but within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf. Staff is very helpful and friendly. One thing to recommend though, ask for a room on the cable car side. We had to move, we were in room 255 above the Mermaid Restaurant and every night at midnight and again at 5 am in the morning they must move all the furniture in the restaurant to clean across a concrete floor that is extremely loud and awakened us each night and morning until we asked to be moved, which they did immediately and sent a bottle of wine to the room for our trouble. After being moved to other end of hotel slept like a log. We walked to Ghiradelli Sq and had breakfast at Loris and ate at McCormick and Kuleto's which were both great. Vista Cafe is right behind hotel and we ate breakfast there also, they are known for the creation of Irish Coffee. You can jump on the cable cars or the bus and be anywhere in the city. No need to rent a car. Would stay here again in a minute when we return to SF.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsz
<Content>Great experience in a fab location! We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel in a Bay View room overlooking Alcatraz with two children aged 11 and 6. We all loved the bright and clean room and the view out to sea -- the hotel is in a busy area but we did not find it at all noisy!The wine hour was excellent (although I found it surprising that they were serving Australian wine!!!) and the breakfast at the hotel restaurant was delicious and very prompt.The bell boys and doormen were excellent with the boys and very knowledgable.The location is great -- only 10 to 15 minutes walk to Pier 39 and a further 5 minutes to pier 33 for the Alcatraz cruise, one minute to the cable car turnaround and 5 minutes walk to the F line tram. We thoroughly enjoyed the cable car experience but found the tram a bit old and smelly!!! The valet service was great and we used the car quite a bit -- we did part of the 49 mile scenic drive, went over the Golden Gate bridge and over to sausilito. We also drove one hour to the Jelly Belly factory at Fairfield -- yum yum!!!!We were all sad to leave and would stay here again if we returned!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>HappyNorthwesterner
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed here one night in August. We got a good rate last minute, mid-week for $120. It was one stop of many destinations on a long vacation. It turned out to be one of our favorite places and really wished we had more time. Location was great, the wharf and cannery row are right there plus cable cars around the corner. Lovely room, clean and quite spacious. Linens and toiletries were deluxe. Very quiet hotel with great views. Welcoming lobby and professional staff. Really enjoyed the complimentary wine reception before dinner, we met some other Idahoans too! Not sure if we will be back to the area anytime soon but we would definitely stay here again. It was one of those spontaneous decisions that came out wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chukka
<Content>Wow! Very Impressed We stayed here one night durring our honeymoon and wished we were staying longer once we arrived. We arrived two hours before check in and had no problem getting a room at that time. The rooms were very spacious and extremely comfortable. The beds were very nice but my wife is allergic to their feather pillows. We called the front desk to ask if they had cotton or foam pillows and they said they would bring them right up. We forgot to take the Do not disturb sign off of the door so they didn't knock, but called the room. I was impressed by this because I am so used to other hotels totally ignoring this sign. I appologized and said I forgot to take the sign off and they came right back up again to deliver the pillows. The rooms were also extremely clean. I didn't find any dirt or random hairs left in the bathroom from previous guests. Even though our room faced a busy street, we could barely hear the traffic and we didn't hear anything from our neighbors.The location is perfect, right on the Wharf just a few blocks from Pier 39.We paid $199 which was $20 more than their lowest price room. Aparantly the lowest price is an internal room which has a view of other rooms. The $20 more gave us a view of the outside. The one downside to this hotel is that they allow pets to stay in the rooms. We couldn't tell that there ware any pets in the hotel, but this still may be a problem if someone is extremely allergic to dogs.I will definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>corondale
<Content>Great hotel great location We stayed at the Argonaut for 2 nights at the end of September - wish we could have stayed longer - room was just like the pictures - got a bay view over looking harbour and out to Alcatraz - would have been fantastic view apart from fog! The staff, esp the recepteion desk, bell boys and door men could not have been any kinder - made us feel really welcome.Did night visit of Alcatraz - booked on line and skipped queues plus tours were all sold out for days we were there. Definately worth doing.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Ironchef49
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location! We spent Memorial Day weekend in San Francisco. The Argonaut is at Fisherman's Wharf, close to restaurants, cable cars, and the Piers. The hotel was lovely. The free wine from 5-6 was great, and made it easy to socialize with other guests. The room was large, very clean (of course) and well outfitted.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jodibel
<Content>Wonderful place to stay         
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>prideof66
<Content>This hotel is class ! We stayed at this hotel 9/19-9/24 and i would say it is a most wonderful hotel. We had booked the Holiday Inn fishermans wharf but it had mixed reviews on this site so we cancelled and iam so glad we did. The Argonaut is such a well run, modern and pristine hotel. We had a De-luxe room overlooking the cable car turnaround with the golden gate bridge in the distance. The room was quite larger than i expected and the beds were so comfortable there was a mini bar also but did not use this as there were shops nearby. It is a pet friendly hotel and a dog did stay 3 rooms down from us but we did not hear anything, however one morning it did seem as if an elephant was staying above us because of the thumping on the floor.Thehotel is situated at the quiet end of f/wharf away from the touristy part of town. The cable car is a 1 minute walk away, if you plan to ride this get there early as the lines were huge.Each morning they lay on free starbucks and a free wine tasting session each evening which is a lovely touch. We did venture to The Holiday Inn for a meeting and i must say that it did seem a very clean and pleasant hotel although i was glad we still changed to The Argonaut. This was our first visit to San Francisco and the hotel helped make it a fantastic holiday !Will we go back sometime ?YOU BET !!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LetsBeHonest
<Content>Cheaper parking available The hotel is fine and the location is fabulous. Now let's talk about parking... The Argonaut charges $36 for overnight parking plus a tax of $5 for a total of $41 per day! This is crazy--don't pay this unless you arrive so tired you can't drive any further. Because if you go around to the back of the hotel on Beach Street, you'll find Beach  Hyde Parking where the total cost is $18/overnight on weekdays and $22 on weekends. If that garage is full, keep driving a couple of blocks to the Impark garage (350 Beach Street) where the total overnight cost is $20.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PrestonTraveller
<Content>A hotel to seriously consider       The Argonaut  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>eaglesrest2
<Content>Good but just short of great.... We stayed in the Argonaut at the start of a touring holiday of the West Coast USA, in September 2006. The booking was made via the Kimpton website as a package (deluxe room, valet parking and american breakfast).Having travelled from the UK we were a little tired and jet-lagged but the welcome upon arrival was very friendly. After handing over the car keys and luggage we went to check-in. We happened to arrive at the same time as the free wine session which was great fun, and value! The lobby is very well presented with a nautical theme, and all staff are very friendly and accomodating.Upon entering our room we found it excellently presented continuing the nautical theme. The bed was large and comfortable with a huge mirror on the wall. There was also a large cookie waiting for us, which didn't last long ;-)However, there were a couple of issues that could have been avoided but were probably exaggerated by our jet lag:- First off the room was supposed to be no smoking but you could smell smoke, especially when first entering the room. There was also ash just outside the bathroom on the carpet. - Secondly, the noise. We were facing the Irish bar and the rooms are not well insulated. You can hear pretty much everything including trams turning raound, music (that's ok), motorbikes and worst of all a dumpster which arrived at about 5am and seemed to be right outside our window for ages. Not good. Both nights sleep were heavily interrupted by the noise, which is a shame as it is otherwise an excellent hotel. We were staying with friends who had an internal facing room and they didn't notice any noise.Breakfast at the Blue Mermaid was good but not exceptional. The service was a bit patchy to be honest.So, overall a potentially excellent hotel let down by poor sound insulation and on this occasion incomplete cleaning. However, we would go back - but to an internal or ocean facing room only.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>Rod the dog
<Content>A great choice! Stayed at the Argonaut from the 7th - 10th Sepember '07 on the second leg of our honeymoon in the states. We loved it. I booked through Expedia and got a pretty good rate, however I realised after making the booking that I could have got it slightly cheaper booking direct with Kimpton Hotels (the parent co). So shop around for the best rate.On arrival, the doormen and check-in staff were very friendly and efficient. We found a bottle of champagne in an ice-bucket waiting for us in our room, as it was our honeymoon, which was a very nice touch. The room was pretty large and beautifully decorated in a nautical theme.It was an inward facing room (i.e. no bay view) but it was bright and anyway, who looks out the window all holiday. It was well furnished with k/s bed, fridge and minibar, tv and dvd, safe, and leopard print bath-robes! The bathroom was large, modern and spotless. All hotel decor and furnishings seemed clean and new. Wine tasting hour 5pm to 6pm was great. Complimentary Californian wine - delicous, gets your evening off to a flying start and it's a really nice way to meet other guests. Anything we wanted to know about the area, restaurants etc, we just asked the doormen. They're very knowledgeable and helpful. They even stopped the traffic for us to cross the road!Dining out : Great seafood restaurant opposite the hotel and we can recommend Bodins a couple of hundred yards down the waterfront for clam chowder in a sourdough breadbowl. Something of a speciality- you get to eat the dishes! Take a cable-car outside the hotel to Chinatown. Lots of restaurants with cheap deals.Sightseeing: Take a bus to the Golden Gate Bridge. Walk across to the other side, follow the turn off to the right to Sausolito (about 25 min. walk). It's a lovely little town and you can get a ferry straight across the bay (great views of Alcatraz, Golden Gate and SF) back to Fisherman's Wharf.Alcatraz trip excellent value at $16. I suggest booking in advance yourself. We booked with the hotel concierge and were charged an extra $10 for the privillage!Airport transfers. We used 'Lorry's' airport shuttle, excellent value at $25 each return, door to door service. Get a price list at the airport information desk.Finally take warm clothes. San Francisco is chilly!Rod the dog.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtraveller99
<Content>Very good hotel at Fisherman's Wharf We came to the Argonaut as part of our honeymoon (from London). They did not do anything special for us because it was our honeymoon, however they did give us a king-sized bedded room as requested. This was a standard room overlooking an inner courtyard (dull), but very big and nicely furnished.We especially liked the location - right on the Wharf, but at the quieter end, and very near the cable car turnaround.We also liked the evening free wine reception, though it is the same wines every day (changes once a month).We had to send some faxes home, and they were very helpful, and quick, with that, much appreciated.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tomanypets
<Content>Awesome hotel loved the decor The Argonaut in San Fran was more than we expected! Not only was the hotel itself gorgeous with it's nautical decor, but the service was wonderful. The complimentary wine tasting each evening in front of the fireplace was very gracious, not just a tasting but an entire glass of wine and more if you'd like.The location was a step outside to everything, the bay is visible across the street and the Golden Gate bridge was spectacular at night to see from the hotel. The cable car turnaround was across the street from the hotel.All in all it was fantastic. We will be back....how and if you plan a trip to Alcatraz, be sure and stop at the corner market right next to the hotel and take along some awesome sandwiches!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OenophileNJ
<Content>Jules Verne Would Have Been Bored This hotel used to be a fish cannery and didn't lend itself well to a re-make as a hotel. The rooms are nicely furnished in a modenr yet nautical theme, but strangely and perhaps even uncomfortably narrow. And, the windows are tiny, factory-sized openings that make the rooms seem smaller. I had paid a premium for a view of the bay, but after checking in found that I could only see a tiny sliver of the bay from a far corner of the room, standing on one foot and leaning backwards. Mostly we had a view of the adjacent parking lot. After calling down and insisting on a room change, we did get a straight-on view of the bay and Alcatraz, but even this was limited by the tiny windows. And given that this hotel is in the heart of the Wharf, it's very noisy even late at night with the cacophony of tourists. The hotel staff are mostly indifferent to the point of rudeness, and it took the valet 30 minutes to get our car, even though we'd called ahead 15 minutes. And the best room service breakfast I've ever had was marred by a huge hair in my eggs.The verdict - stay here if you don't mind narrow roms and small windows, an indifferent staff and a noisy environment. The hotel is nice in terms of furnishings and amenities but on balance, nothing special. As a first night in San Francisco, it's ok to introduce the city, but one night is all we could take.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>zoeS.
<Content>large comfortable room Stayed here for a business trip and found it to be a wonderful place. The room was really large for a double queen. Extremelycomfortable bed and spotless room/bathroom. Friendly staff. Sorry my trip was so short. Looking forward to returning with my husband. Very close to the water, excellent restaurants all within walking distance.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fredders
<Content>Loved the Argonaut!! Great Location!!       Beds were so nice and comfy!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A_Travel_Member
<Content>I'll be back! I use these reviews all the time, so here's mine! I stayed at the Argonaut for one night (10/1) with a friend who had never been to San Francisco before. I read many reviews from many hotels, but for this trip the Argonaut was the right location at the right price. We had an early flight arrival (9:00am) to Oakland, so I had requested an early check-in. There was a room ready when we arrived, so they checked us in with no problem. We were on the second floor (#232) with a Park view and didn't notice thin walls or ceilings, but we may not have had anyone next to us. There was a Marathon going on the street in front of the hotel, so the valet actually went down the street to where I had to park and got the car. A word of caution - parking is $36 (in/out included) +$5 parking tax per day. You don't really need a car to get around SF (its hard and expensive to park), but I find its cheaper to rent a cheap car than pay shuttles/taxis to OAK airport. However don't park a the hotel - park a block away on Beach St. at Lahaina Gardens garage for $18/day (no in/out privileges). The hotel is squeaky clean, and I found everyone to bend over backwards to help with directions, etc. Jason (the Front Desk manager and Mark were very helpful). Remember, you have to request turn-down service and request a coffee-maker for your room, but they are both free. This hotel is in a great safe touristy location and its easy to get other places in the city via cablecar, bus, or taxi. Oh, and the nautical decor is tasteful - not Gilligan's Island! Have fun (and check out the sea lions on Pier 39)!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>macwetherbee
<Content>Fantastic Location We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The location on fisherman's wharf was amazing. it is at the very end of the wharf, but easily within walking distance of anywhere you want to go on the wharf. Also easily within walking distance of ghiradelli's square. The rooms were not all that big, nor all that luxurious, but they were nautically themed, just like the hotel, and were nice due to their uniqueness. The beds were fairly comfortable, but not amazing. we did not pay extra for a room with a view, but we knew someone who did. The view was nice, but as we weren't spending time in our room anyway, the view into the concrete wall didnt bother us. The front desk and concierge were both very helpfull, as was the head doorman, who has been there since the hotel opened. The restaurant within the hotel was very fitting and in character. the lobby was nice and welcoming. parking prices were exorbitant! $36 a day! but it was alright. a pretty good stay overall  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sam102
<Content>OK, but could have been better This hotel was quite good but there were a couple of things that let it down. Firstly I was in an interior facing room - try to avoid this as there is a constant whirring noise that sounded like a washing machine or something but I suspect it is the air conditioning from other rooms. Secondly the house keeping were very loud from 7.30am and although we were in a non-smoking room it was a bit pointless because the smell of smoke came into the room. Thirdly, I dont think the floor was vacuumed properly because I found a green pill on the floor and this could have been quite dangerous if anyone with a child had been in that room.Dont use the intenet via the TV in the room - its rubbish. Use the one in the lobby which you have to pay for but at least you can access normal websites.On the plus side the hotel lobby was nice and you do get free wine every evening. The staff were also friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>frenchfry
<Content>Very good Pros and Cons--------------------Pros -------1. Great location - ideal for dinner,walks,transport etc etc2. Nice rooms - very comfy bed, Aveda toiletries, free wireless internet, funky bathrobes, nice trendy slippers ( ask reception for them - no charge ) , dvd/cd player in room, super decor.3. Bell staff - very kind, polite, helpfull and infomative.4. Blue Mermaid restaurant - great breakfast, you can add it to your room bill.5. Free wine reception - between 5 and 6 each evening - very popular and decent wine.6. Housekeeping - rooms spotless and all toiletries and towells replenished every day. Also all of the housekeeping staff were very polite and would always welcome you in the corridor.7. Turnaround service available nightly on request with a nice chocolate on the pillow.Cons--------1. Rooms - ours was an inner courtyard view and hence you couldnt open the window or blinds as the people in the room opposite would be able to see what was going on in your room. Room also a little on the small side but not really a problem.2. Front desk staff - quite frankly were an utter waste of time - we were wanting to buy the bathrobes however they had no idea of sizes, designs and avaialbility ( at $120 each I want to know whats on offer ). We asked for a coffee machine on 3 occassions but it never arrived. We asked for a turndown service which only happened half way through our stay after requesting it again on 3 occassions. These guys and girls were pretty rude especially the guy who checked us in and was the ONLY person on the whole of our honeymoon roadtrip to the states not to make us feel special. Many of them also seemed to struggle to have a comprehension of the English language or more likely just couldnt be bothered to show any interest in your query.So to sum up - the only things that stopped this being a perfect experience can ba overcome by having a room with an outside view ( not inner courtyard ), and by ensuring your experiences with the front desk staff ( all others were lovely ) are restricted to check in and check out.We would definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>Clara_Santa
<Content>So very worth it! Writing a little late...I went with my husband (then boyfriend) to celebrate an anniversary and visit our favorite restaurant-Greens. This hotel was so worth the price! The valets and front desk staff were quite friendly and efficiant. When we got to our room the toilet was having problems (old buildings...what can you do?) but one call to housekeeping has someone knocking on our door in less than 5 minutes to fix it! Wow! We also asked for some wine glasses and they were there almost instantly. The room was a little small by US standard (old buildings in San Francisco, it's gonna be like that, sorry) but had a huge and comfy bed, very stylish decor and a nice bathroom. The wine reception was very nice. We choose this hotel due to it's closeness to Fort Mason and never went to the Wharf though it was very nearby, it was quite convinent for us. My favorite hotel in the city used to be the Diva and while I will surely return there in the future, if I can afford it I would go the Argonaut next time!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Healey04
<Content>The reviews are true BUT...       wine hour  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ferguson80
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were staying for 2 weeks in Las Vegas and decided to fly up to San Francisco for a 2 day trip, had seen the hotel on the internet and it looked wonderful but even better when you see it in real life, it was nautical themed and out of this world, extremely clean and comfortable, there was even complimentary wine in the lobby between 6-7pm wish we could have stayed at the hotel longer but to be truthful we were a bit disappointed with San Francisco, done the city tour and alcatraz, we loved alcatraz and going to the bridge but the city itself wasnt spectacular, all in all would say the best part about the trip was staying in this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninjagenie
<Content>Can't wait to stay again! During our honeymoon road trip, we stayed at The Argonaut for one night on 9/19. The location is awesome, and we had no problem pulling up at peak time in the afternoon and having our car picked up by the valet. Our room was decorated in a nautical theme, and had a view of the park next door and of the trolley turnaround. We didn't make it to the wine tasting that evening, but it sounded like a nice feature.Beds were great, bathroom was great, and the minibar offered playing cards and other trinkets in addition to just snacks. There was also a DVD player available and free internet service.Our window opened up, so it was nice to get some fresh air and to hear the sounds of the street. There's a nice courtyard area with a couple of bars and restaurants right next door if you don't want to go far, and that park has a little beach with a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge.I'm already looking for excuses to stay here again on our next vacation. Highly recommend!!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shawniegirl2
<Content>Very Unique My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut on the end of our trip. What a nice way to end a vacation. The hotel is located right below Giradelli Square. To start the bell staff that greeted us was exceptional. Check in was a breeze. Our room was at the far end of the hall (long walk-but I'm not complaining). Now the room. It was small but most hotels in San Francisco are small so it's okay. Our room overlooked the trolley turnaround. The room had the sailor motif which matched their theme. There is a lot of history to the hotel and if you ask they are happy to share. Now the location. Great Location. Just a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. Walked there many times and back. shopping along the way. Trolley turn around is right there if you want to ride the cable cars. The maritime museum/national park is right there at the hotel.Everybody was very helpful and friendly. Got great advise on things to do and places to eat. Would recommend it to my friends and customers.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marygav
<Content>Fab Hotel The Argonaut is a fantastic hotel in a great location. The staff were always helpful and made us feel very welcome. Our room, albeit without a view, was great; spacious, very comfy beds, cool bathroom and a big TV. The restaurant attached to the hotel was great for breakfast and with Fisherwharfs and Pier 39 on the doorstep, we found it very easy to keep our four year old entertained during our four night stay. To be recommended for families - we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bert&ernie
<Content>Great Hotel We loved this hotel. It had smart, classy decor but it wasn't stuffy and over formal. The staff were great and the daily wine reception was a really nice way to relax after a days sightseeing and meet other guests. The rooms were spotlessly clean and spacious with lovely touches like the exposed, original warehouse beams. The whole hotel (including the bedrooms) had a nautical theme but it wasn't too kitsch or 'Extreme Make Over style' themed! We would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Fransisco, it's a great location and perfect for catching the tram into the city centre or hiring a bike to explore the waterfront or the Islands.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TravelingLCC
<Content>Great Hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights. We loved the hotel. It's by far the nicest hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. The location couldn't be better. The staff was also very helpful with maps, directions, and local information when we checked in. They even sent a bottle of wine to our room when they found out it was my birthday. Our room was very clean and quiet. No complaints there! I recommend taking the bus if you want to go to Chinatown or downtown. It's only a $1.50. If you want to take the trolly cars, plan to get there early in the morning. The line gets very long. We ate breakfast at the Buena Vista Cafe (across the street). Make sure to get an Irish Coffe, even though it's pricey! Don't forget a sweatshirt! It's cold and windy along the water. Overall, we had a great trip. I'm glad we stayed at the Argonaut.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelScouts
<Content>Awesome Argonaut! The Argonaut rocked! We loved this place! My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our week-long CA vacation and it was the perfect ending to a wonderful trip. The location on the Whart was fantastic, at the quieter end next to the cable car turnaround. We rode the cable cars all around the city, drove our rental car over to Sausalito, and took in a Giants game. I had my fill of clam chowder in a bread bowl (my all-time favorite!) and saw the houses from Mrs. Doubtfire  Full House (in Alamo Square). We felt like we got the full San-Fran experience in 48 hours, and the Argonaut was the perfect place to come back to after a busy day of sight-seeing. Our room was clean, well-apointed, and we loved the decorative nautical theme. High-speed internet was complimentary - so bring the laptop along. The only downfall was the charge to park our rental car (almost $40 night!). Everyone on the staff was very friendly and helpful. Another plus --- the hotel has AIR CONDITIONING! We've recommended the hotel to friends and family and will continue to do so. We can't stay enough good things, and encourage you to give it a try on your next trip to San Fran.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkulasa
<Content>We wouldn't stay anywhere else! This was our second time staying at the Argonaut - celebrating my birthday. We love the friendliness of the staff - they take the time to call you by your name, give restaurant suggestions, bus directions - just about anything you might need to make your stay extremely pleasant. We love the rooms - we find them to be very comfortable and clean and the evening wine tastings are always fun! We love the location because we go there to relax and enjoy the restaurants, exploring new areas by public transporation. Our first stop of the day is always the Buena Vista for breakfast and a cup of Irish coffee. We love spending afternoons in the outside courtyard at Jack's. We highly recommend Scoma's on the wharf - you won't have a better dinning experience anywhere.We stayed for 4 days and already miss the area we hope to come back in December and enjoy it all over again!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FunkyG
<Content>Argonaut Hotel - OK Family of 4 stayed for 3 nights in Aug 2006. Upon arrival, a dog barked constantly in the room next door and the first time we used the toilet it blocked. We changed to a 4th floor room. Room was well appointed and in good order. Service was polite and friendly, even when they had to unblock the toilet again. A regular problem apparently!The resturant directly opposite the hotel was excellent for breakfast.Good hotel, ideal for older couples. No pool or other amenities for children, but good positioning in SF, close to pier 39 and the cable car stop.I would stay ther again with my wife, although it was a little expensive.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>rock_moss_edm
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location We just spent 4 days in San Francisco and very much enjoyed our stay at the Argonaut Hotel. Rooms were quiet, beds were comfortable, and service was outstanding ! Be sure to catch at least 1 wine tasting which starts every evening at 5 PM to 6 PM. This is a nice little extra that the Argonaut Hotel has to offer.LOCATION :This location is just 2 to 3 blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 shops  eats, and Tour pickups  information. It is about 7 to 8 blocks away from Chinatown  North Beach. It is an easy stroll or you can catch the # 30 bus that runs frequently ($1.50 fare). There is also cable car service that starts just by the corner of the hotel and runs towards the downtown area ($5 fare). While this hotel is very nice, I would stay closer to North Beach area next time as you could be in between North Beach, Chinatown  Fisherman's Wharf. Regarding bus service, you should buy a passport ticket which gives unlimited rides for 3 days ($18) or 7 days ($24). This muni passport is also good for cable cars. A good deal if you plan on running around quite a bit.ACTIVITIES :We had booked the night tour to Alcatraz which only runs Thursday through Monday. This is a great tour and the evening run adds to the mood of the experience. There were long line-ups to buy tickets so I would suggest to buy tickets online ahead of time like we did. There is a gift store on the island that is fairly cheap. Picture taking is allowed.We also booked the cable car 2 1/2 hour tour which made about 3 to 4 stops for pictures and souvenirs. The most important thing to remember is to DRESS WARM. 1 of the stops is right at Fort Point which is at the Golden Gate Bridge and this stop was extremely windy and fairly cold. We ended up buying sweatshirts at this stop which were fairly expensive but badly needed.We also took a bay cruise which was quite good for picture taking. The Red  White ferries run multiple times daily between 10 - 4 PM.One day, we took a Caltrain from downtown San Francisco to San Jose to see the Winchester Mystery House. The Caltrain takes about 90 minutes except the Express Baby Bullet which takes about 50 minutes. Fares are cheap at $13.50 return fare. The Winchester Mystery House is quite fun if you are interested in this type of thing. The mansion tour runs a little over 1 hour. Very informative and picture taking is allowed. We found it to be a little too quick for our liking but still enjoyed it very much. We also took the Behind The Scenes Tour which was just OK.FOOD :We were only in San Fran for 3 1/2 days so we didn't get to try too many places. Buena Vista Cafe (across from hotel) is excellent for breakfasts and an Irish Coffee at night. They are said to have invented the drink and they do a great job at it. We also recommend Joanie's Happy Days Diner, Mel's Diner,  Mona Lisa ( at North Beach area ).  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>trixe
<Content>Can't wait to go back My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut for our one year anniversary and we couldnt have been more pleased. After booking my hotel through Orbitz I called the hotel to ask if they had any packages since I was going there for my anniversary. They were very friendly and helpful over the phone. We arrived at the hotel three hours before check-in time but they still let us check in early. The front desk wished us a happy anniversary and let us know that they had upgraded our room for the occasion. Later that evening the hotel sent up a bottle of wine with a note again wishing us a happy anniversary. The hotel was very nice with great views and easy access to the the wharf and our room was great. The entire staff was friendly and helped make our stay perfect. We cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JOEFRO
<Content>Great Hotel. Will come back again       our room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PumpDesigner
<Content>Great Hotel Really nice hotel in a good location away from the messy fishermans wharf.The room photos on this site look a little cheesy but do not do the interior justice.We really enjoyed the daily free wine but the weather in San Francisco was cold and wet. Take a coat!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jovita
<Content>Wonderful view of Alcatraz Spent four nights at the Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco. As it was our Silver Wedding celebration, we booked a delux room and requested a high floor overlooking the bay. Had a huge beautifully appointed room on the top floor. Loved the view and the decor. The wine reception at 5.00 pm each evening was welcome and the Blue Harbour breakfast was so good that we ate there three out of our four mornings. It is worth checking your bill carefully, as we had over 300$ added to our account for parking - even though we did not have a car! High recommed this hotel. Few mins walk from Pier 39 and the start of the Cable Car which is handy to get on first thing in the morning when it is not quite so busy.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MrJL
<Content>Great location, excellent service We spent 3 nights here and could not fault the place. Friendly, helpful and efficient staff, lovely rooms, excellent location and a fair price. The concierge did a great job in getting us on a tour at the last minute and nothing was too much trouble for the desk staff. In addition to all this the Blue Mermaid restaurant attached to the hotel was superb - informal with great food and atmosphere. In in all, a wonderful start to our holiday in California.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swdo
<Content>The best!! My husband, eight-year-old son and I stayed here two nights. It was a luxurious hotel at a great price. Everything is perfect!! The lobby and rooms are beautifully furnished, the staff is most helpful and very knowledgeable about the area, and the hotel is within walking distance to many San Francisco sites. Our room was right on the street, but the walls are so thick (it's an old cannery) that there was very little noise. My son's comment was, Now I know what it's like to be rich!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rr1954
<Content>The best We loved the Argonaut. Next to the Cannery, the cable car turnaround, Ghirardelli Square. Super friendly, professional staff. Spacious rooms and the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in! We will stay no where else in the Bay area from now on!!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKsouthwest
<Content>Very Good Indeed We stayed as a family in a deluxe outside room for three days in August.This hotel was very good and particularly so if you are visiting SF as a tourist.Decent sized rooms that were immaculately clean. Very friendly and helpful staff. Perfectly situated for all the cheesy tourist stuff.Close to Pier 39 and directly opposite Hyde Pier and the Hyde and Powell cable car turning circle.The only possilbe negative is that the bathroom was a little small.Apart from that - totally recomended.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>grindergal
<Content>A very pleasant stay My boyfriend and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Argonaut. We were both very pleased with the quality of the staff. Everyone was truely nice and went out of theie way to help us with any of our needs. The location of the hotel is great and we walked most everywhere. We did not try the hotel restaurant while we were there so I cannot comment on that. We did eat breakfast at the Italian restaurant across the street and we were both a little disappointed with the quality of the food and service. Fisherman's Wharf is a very touristy area with lots of little shops and restaurants. The hotel is right on fisherman's wharf and we were able to walk over to the piers where our tours departed. We went on a city tour (via bus) and while it was ideal for familiarizing yourself with the area, the information presented wasn't exactly informative. The alcatraz night tour we took though was fabulous and we both enjoyed that. The room was very nice and the only complaint about the room is that there were no locks on the bathroom door. Although this didn't really bother me, my boyfriend complained nonstop about it. The beds are really comfortable. Noise wasn't really an issue because our room was an interior one without a view. One morning we did hear our neighbor's TV, but that was it. The only major complaint that I had during our stay was the $40/night parking fee. But that really is par for San Francisco. Everything is expensive there and it wasn't like the hotel tried to hide the fact that you were paying that enornous amount. The wine reception every afternoon was a nice touch. I have two restaurant suggestions that I think everyone should try. Both restaurants are fabulous and rather inexpensive with entrees rarely exceeding $15. The first is an italian restaurant on Columbus Street in North Beach (about a fifteen minute walk from the hotel. It's on the western side of Columbus and it's called U.S. Restaurant, fabulous and cheap food. The second restaurant is in the Castro district (far away but soooo worth it). It is called Chow. The restaurant is on the corner of Market and Church streets and has the best food I have ever eaten and at completely reasonable prices (I didn't see a thing on the menu at over $15). One thing that came in really handy on the trip was my San Francisco for Dummies book. Complete with maps and restaurant suggestions. Overall a great stay in San Francisco and the Argonaut.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>northjerseytraveler
<Content>The Argonaut is a great hotel ! We stayed at the Argonaut from 8/8-8/13- the hotel is beautiful! IThe room and public areas were exteremly clean and the decor is great. I thought everyone, except the concierge were very friendly and helpful. (The waiter at The Blue Mermaid tried to help us more than the concierge.) I wish I would have gotten his name, but he was so rude he made me uncomfortable! It is a shame that they continue to employ this man when it seems like he is usually the only negative in the comments with the hotel. The location is great, at the quiet end of the wharf. ( I thought Union Square was creepy- and I travel to NYC several times a month) I really think if you stay at the Argonaut you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnL10
<Content>Thumbs up I do a fair bit of travel on business and am fed up with staying at marriots/hyatts etc. I can wake up and not know what city I'm in.I wanted to visit SF with my wife for an extended w/e trip and a friend recommended the kimpton chain as being a bit different and after some research I booked the Argonaut direct with the hotel.I had read on other reviews that the concierge and front desk personnel weren't favored so I checked them out in particular. They couldn't have been more helpfull. The bell boys and doormen were great as well.The room was fine (Don't pay the extra for the room with a view as the hotel is only 4 floors so you won't get a view anyway. )Accept that and go for a quiet room that has no view onto a small internal roof. I only look for a view if it's going to be really worthwhile.Comfortable and quirky, the place was a joy to stay at and the people great and genuine. It's nice to stay in a hotel where everyone working there doesn't have their hand out for a tip everytime you go within 20 paces of them.One thing for Kimpton, get rid of the starfish cushion on the bed. They're too hard to use so they just get thrown somewhere when you want to sleep and their more trouble than they're worth.I thought the restaurant was over priced and there are a number of places where the breakfasts are better and cheaper. Try the diner on Giardelli square. Better view too.I'd definately stay again  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Cegidog
<Content>Great start to our holiday We had a great four night stay at the Argonaut. Our rooms were large, clean and well decorated/furnished. The location is very convenient. The free wine hour is also a bonus - but a little early at 5-6pm.We had booked our rooms through an independent travel agent, requesting two double beds in each room. When we arrived we were given rooms with one king-sized bed in each, but these were changed without any problem after our first night. The desk staff were helpful about this. All the staff were fine, the bell boys were particularly friendly.We didn't notice any noise, and we were lucky with the weather. I would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sorgan
<Content>WOW! What a nice Hotel Family vacation with kids and brother-in-law in tow. I was looking for a nice Hotel in the Wharf area. I showed my wife my three choices and she naturally picked the most expensive one. I agreed, but only if she could get a better deal then on-line prices.She called the Klimpton booking phone number and they told her about the Discovery Awaits package. This package included an upgrade to a Deluxe room, free valet parking (normally $51.00 for mini van) and two free breakfasts at the attached Blue Mermaid Cafe and two Muni passes (good for buses and cablecars). It was only $50.00 more then the on-line rates.Once we pulled up to the valet area, I knew we made the right decision. The staff was friendly and helpful without looking for a handout. The lobby was bathed in cool blue lights with overstuffed chairs and color shifting sailboats.The rooms where surprizingly large by San Francisco terms. The decor was nautical and whimsical. The lepord robes where an instant hit with the two kids, they felt like royalty.I would agree with all of the nice comments that other posters had to say. The hosted wine hour was a nice way to meet other people and get tips for the next days adventures.I had few complaints. The walls and ceilings are a little thin. The beds are a little short and the bottom sheets are folded even shorter , so I kept ending up jumbled in the sheets every morning. Other then that, a great experience was had by everyone in my party.I would highly recommend that Hotel for your next stay down by the Wharf area  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Newman1
<Content>The Argonaut is a gem! What a great hotel. Usually when you see the pictures of the rooms they are taken so they make the rooms look much better than they really are. Not in this case. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. They feel large than they look. We did not notice a noise problem like some have reported. John the doorman was a great help. The nightly wine tasting was wonderful. The Argonaut is at the quiet end of the wharf, which makes it the best place if you are going to stay at Fishermans Wharf. The location at the cable car turnaround (TIP: get on the cable car at 9:00 AM and there is absolutley no wait) and 2 blocks from Ghirardelli Square are very convenient. We had breakfast outside. It was very good although a little pricey, but what the heck. I would definitely recommend this hotel.The only negative is the concierge were not particularly friendly.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DJJB
<Content>Fabulous hotel This hotel is fantastic. The rooms are beautiful, the staff cant do enough for you and the location is excellent. We toured California during the Spring and this was by far the best  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>englandabroad
<Content>very stylish indeed! Stayed for three nights with my wife and two teenage sons. Great location next to the cable car and in the thick of the action around Fishermans Wharf. Really great staff, especially Donavan on the door! Everyone we dealt with was helpful, friendly and polite. Rooms are spacious and well equipped with a very distinctive colour scheme - and also very quiet even though the hotel was full. Really worth the price.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jrcorbin71
<Content>Great Location I recently stayed at the Argonaut Hotel from 8/4-8/7. I chose the hotel based on the reviews here on Tripadvisor. I reserved the king size bed w/ a view of the Cannery. The room (#381) was the same size as any other hotel room. It was above average. The window opened out to the plaza next to the Cannery. There was a band/singer performing. I could clearly hear him, but it wasnt a nuisance. The room was $295/day after tax which is a lot for anywhere but San Francisco. I did see the suite w/ view of Bay and Alcatraz. Wow! Very nice room and large but i couldnt justify the extra cost. So all and all I was happy w/ the hotel. The front desk and concierge were NOT helpful at all. I agree w/ some other reviews in that it seemed the front desk wasnt happy w/ their jobs. The doormen and bellhops on the other hand were helpful and great. The best things about the hotel were its location at Fisherman's Wharf and cable car turn around and the fact a Starbucks was located in the same building in the back. That was a life saver.  Here a couple of suggestions/ideas/random thoughts: The cable cars are very cool and are a great way to get around town. U can buy a one day pass on the cabe car itself ($11) and you dont need exact change. The operators are very helpful and outgoing. it can get very busy at certain times but i waited no more then 15-20 minutes. Alcatraz is a yawner!! As a tourist, one is obligated to go to Alcatraz. So go so u can say been there, done that. It's too crowded and uneventful. Buy tickets at least a week in advance and it will be windy and a bit chilly on the ferry ride. Fisherman's Wharf is a tourist trap nightmare. There are so many people milling about. Cheap t shirt shops and crowds are a huge detractor, but again as a tourist one has to go. I ate at Pier market and loved it. Neptunes restaurant was okay and it did have an awesome view. Bubba Gumps has the best menu but there was a 75-85 minutes wait on Sunday night so i skipped it. The highlight of my visit was Golden gate bridge. Beautiful!! nothing more to say. I took bridge over to Saulisito and ate a place called Burgers. It's a hole in the wall. Just look for the long line. Well worth it.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	3	4	

<Author>Patches123
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! My family of 4 (husband, myself, and two sons- ages 17 and 19) just returned from the Argonaut stay August 5-9th. Just a wonderful hotel!The location was excellent- and there was so much to do! We didn't get to a few things on our list during our brief stay. As many people stated before- the location was wonderful! Hotel room was indeed large enough for all of us- husband and two sons are all over 6' 3! The beds were so comfortable! Our room was on the street side- it was a bit noisy during the day- we tried to take a nap one afternoon and it was a bit loud with traffic- but we never had any trouble at night with the noise levels- even on Saturday night.Bell staff wonderful. Front desk fine. The concierge varied- the man was super opinionated and pretty much didn't like any of the dining options within walking distance. We did actually eat at two of the places he liked- but just out of dumb luck as we had already chosen to eat there. The lady was a bit overwhelmed it seemed, but she was friendly and she tried. Fortuanately- we had most of our activities planned out in advance.We toured Alcatraz- hint- find a park ranger and ask if they could take you around. My brave 17 year-old asked a park ranger if he could take us up in the lighthouse. Ranger didn't have the key- but he took us to some rooms not on the tour- then took us up on the ROOF! Wow! It was cool!We took the 2 hour motorized trolley tour around the city- 2 hours was plenty of time! Our guide was great- and we did learn a lot about the history of the area- prices of houses- behind the scenes stuff from movies filmed in SF.We also rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and biked across the Golden Gate bridge- which was great fun! Then we bike down into Salsolito (sp?) and ate lunch. Then we turned STUPID and decided to bike to Old Mill Park about 14 miles there and back, to see the Tallest Trees In the World That side trip was WORTHLESS! The trees weren't that great- and the maps and directions were TERRIBLE! Plus- we had to go through some terrible traffic areas- so it wasn't this lovely California country side that we thought it would be. We had to stop and get directions from people just to find our way! Then - after finally biking to the next town- Turberon? I think? -- we found out that the ferry only took 25 bikes each time. After waiting for 40 minutes- wouldn't you know that we were bikes 26-27-28-29- and NO GO on that ferry. So another 50 minutes later we finally get on a boat to get back to the wharf. It was VERY frustrating at the time- but we are laughing about the memories of it already! SO- the bike ride was fun- just don't go on the Old Mill Park side trip- that ate up our entire last day. Live and learn!Weather was great- but not real warm. We wore shorts/jeans/light jackets almost all the time. The temps at night really dropped FAST- as soon as the sun gets low in the horizon- so be prepared. Boat trips to Alcatraz and on the ferry are chilly!My two teenages really enjoyed the trip- they were suprised at all there was to see and do.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dephal
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! I've stayed at the Argonaut twice, both times with my young daughter, and both visits have been wonderful.The rooms are quite large by San Francisco standards and very attractively furnished. You certainly won't mistake this place for some bland, cookie-cutter chain hotel. Even the honor bar is amusing. During our second stay we heard a little noise from the room next-door, but nothing too obnoxious. There's free wi-fi, and also a couple of computers in the lobby.The staff was great. During both visits they all made a huge fuss over my daughter, and really made her feel special. This certainly isn't one of those hotels where you are made to feel second class for bringing your children. The attached restaurant, The Blue Mermaid, is nice, and also child-friendly. It's pleasant to sit outside by the courtyard. But there are also plenty of other places to choose from within a block or two of the hotel, and the Oakville Grocery next door has a really nice selection of goodies for picnics or a meal in your room.When I travel to San Francisco kidless, I generally don't go near Fisherman's Wharf (and I prefer to stay at another Kimpton Hotel, the Triton, or at the Hotel Vitale). But with a kid, it's a perfect location. The Hyde Street Pier is across the street, the Maritime Museum is in the hotel lobby itself (and free), and Ghirardelli, Pier 39, the ferries, and so on are a quick walk away (don't miss the Musee Mechanique). If you really want to take the cable car, that's close by, too, but I'd recommend the Muni F Market line instead, and it stops right next to the hotel. It will take you right to the Ferry Building, which is another shouldn't-miss stop, then down Market, where you can walk to SFMOMA or Union Square, and on to the Castro, all in a really fun vintage streetcar, and without endless lines.On top of all this, the Argonaut has rates that make it a real bargain for a hotel in this class.The Argonaut is definitely one of my all-time favorite hotels, and I strongly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amyb2006
<Content>Very Nice -Supurb location on Fisherman's Wharf-Beautiful nautical decor-Awesome and friendly service-Clean, Extra-Comfortable bedsWe only had one complaint with this hotel, and it is a major one...even though we were told 4 times that the room was non-smoking, we were put in a smoking room. Mom and kids woke up the next morning with migraines and terrible allergies from the smokers next door. We are still upset about this, but the hotel manager did make it up to us. We were moved that morning, but it was still a pain packing up. He paid our dry cleaning ($150) and sent up a bottle of wine. It was really a shame, because everything else about the hotel was perfect. I'm sure we would give it another try since I feel the manager dealt with the problem accordingly. Beautiful hotel!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ta4181
<Content>Argonaut Hotel - Nothing But The Best Outstanding property. Great location. Excellent service. Sincere and helpful staff. What more can I say.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michbren
<Content>Great Place to Stay in San Francisco My husband and I recently returned from a six night stay at the Argonaut and this was our first time at a Kimptom hotel. Overall the hotel was beautiful, unique, spotlessly clean, well decorated and in a great location. The rooms were good size with a small sitting area. Like most tourists we didn't spend a whole lot of time in our room. There is a great Maritime Museum right in the hotel lobby which was so informative on the maritime history of San Francisco. The ships across the street at the Hyde Street Pier are part of the Museum and worthwhile seeing. Gives one an appreciation of all that we have now. The nightly wine hour was alot of fun just talking to other hotel guests. Also, there were several dogs staying in the hotel, yet we never heard any barking. We enjoyed seeing them going out for their walks.We found the staff quality to vary with where they worked. The bell staff was exceptional. Every one of them was professional, friendly, willing to help with anything and a real asset to the hotel. The housekeeping staff did an outstanding job every day we were there and never once were we inconvenienced by them. On the other hand we don't have any positive things to say about the front desk and concierge staff. Both groups did not appear to enjoy their jobs nor want to deal with hotel guests. We were fortunate not to have to deal with the front desk except at check in and check out and I had already pre-booked all the tours and transportation we felt we needed.We ate at the hotel restaurant (the Blue Mermaid) only once for breakfast and did not enjoy the food, so the remainder of our stay we ate across the street at Capurros where the food was very good. (Capurros also has a great live jazz trio five nights a week Thurs - Mon) We ate several dinners along Fisherman's Whart and they were so-so. They were mostly seafood restaurants. North Beach has some great Italian restaurants.The hotel location at the quiet end of Fisherman's Wharf was great for us since we could walk to many places and we were close to publc transporation. Cannery Row next to the hotel is a great place for people-watching, enjoying some live local talent and browsing thru the unique shops there. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel. We are looking forward to staying at other Kimptons properties in our future travels.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Alpine99
<Content>A piece of tranqility down on the warf We simply loved the Argonaut.. The staff were so friendly and helpful and everyone had something to say to our 4 year old daughter. We booked a room with 2 queen beds and it was a very good size.. The bathroom was a on the small size but hey.. it's bathroom! Read lots of comments about the noise.. Well it certainly isn't the quietest of hotels BUT in general the noise was of a nice nature, music and general ambience coming up from the wharf.. what can you expect if you stay in such a busy part of town..San Francisco was flat out COLD be warned fellow Brit travellers.. it's not just *soft* Californians that have trouble with the cold!Taxi from the airport was $50 tip included and plentiful right outside the airport..BTW book online for Alcatraz tours if you're only in town a short time.. They can be sold out 3-4 days in advance.. Bay cruises are good but we felt we missed out a little!Have fun  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pdx2006
<Content>My Favorite Kimpton Hotel I have visited many Kimpton Hotels throughout the U.S. and the Argonaut is by far and away my favorite Kimpton property. PROS:- The standard rooms are HUGE! I was shocked they didn't call them all suites.- Every room has a sofa, coffee table, great work station, honor bar, TV/DVD and a large desk/work area.- The cable car turnaround is a mere block up from the hotel. - The decor is nautically-themed and charming. - The original details of the old cannery are still intact (i.e. exposed brick walls, steel beams).- The bellman are fantastic. Always friendly and helpful.- The in-house restaurant is great. Room-service is amazing.CONS:- Location is a pro and a con for this hotel - Fisherman's Wharf isn't exactly ritzy but it's a nice, safe place to walk and there's plenty to do and see.- Service could stand to be improved. I wasn't greeted personally by the front desk staff...ever. Not kosher for Kimpton.Overall this is a fantastic hotel and I will absolutely stay there the next time I'm in SF.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>katrinabrain
<Content>Best hotel ever! The Argonaut was one of the cleanest and most comfortable hotels I have ever stayed in - ever! The location can't be beat: at the end of Fisherman's Wharf but on the quieter side, within walking distance to a lot of attractions including Ghiardelli Square. The staff were so helpful and friendly. We also had a courtyard view room (we loved hearing the live music in the evening but were glad it stopped before bedtime). I'd recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely stay there if I ever get back to San Francisco! It is rare that I would have nothing negative at all to say about a hotel, but this one is almost perfect.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bb5555
<Content>Argonaut Hotel and Hotwire, not a good combination A friend and I stayed for 3 nights at the Argonaut. Problems started at check-in. We purchased the room through Hotwire (yes, I know there are no guarantees when you use Hotwire) for 2 adults. Being 2 single guys, we wanted 2 double beds. The front desk person said that the room was one King. I explained to him that we didn't want that, and the reservation stated for 2 adults, so we should be able to get 2 double beds. He said that's not the way it works and if we wanted 2 double beds it would be an extra $50 per night. I was very unhappy about this, and pleaded my case for at least 5 minutes to no avail. I didn't want to share a bed with my friend, so I begrudgingly agreed to the $50 per night charge. To make matters worse they put us in a handicapped room, where the room itself was fine, but the shower was terrible. There was such little water flow it took twice as long to take a shower, which wasted time which would have been better spent seeing San Fran. I also called 5 days prior to the reservation to request 2 double beds, directly to the Hotel (which took 4 calls to get to the right person) and they then said that I had to call Hotwire to put in such a request, which I did, again, to no avail. I have used Hotwire a bunch of times in the past, and getting the amount of beds I want has never been an issue until now.As far as the Hotel itself, it was nice - clean, modern, and a great location. The room was also nice - exposed brick, comfy beds, and we had a view out of our window of the Cable Car turnaround. The 5 O'clock wine hour was fun also. The bottom line however, if you are going to be rated a 4 star property, regardless of how I purchase my room, don't hold me up at the last minute just because I want a room with 2 beds.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved All But the Noise Level My husband and I were in San Francisco - me on business, he tagging along for vacation. From the moment I walked in the hotel, I loved it. The room was great, we had a view, loved the location...couldn't believe how lucky we were to be there. But at about 9:30 pm the first night our neighbors next door arrived in their room. There were two young boys and a dad, not overly loud. It's just that I could actually hear some of their conversation. At one point, it was like they were in our room. Our rooms were connected with an adjoining door, so maybe that made it more susceptible to next door room noise. I made the decision to move to a different hotel just because I didn't want my alarm clock going off at 6 am to wake up neighbors trying to sleep in on vacation. I probably should've asked the manager for a different room, but since I was getting a discounted rate due to business travel it seemed a little pushy. We moved to the Harbor Court Hotel (another Klimpton) which actually was closer to where I had to go for my training and had excellent customer service, too. The room was very quiet, but I missed the Argonaut. Maybe there are just some areas of the hotel that are not as soundproofed. I would probably try it again on vacation and try for a room change if the same issue occurred.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lope43
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location We stayed for 4 nights with our 9 year old son and 14 year old daughter and loved this hotel. The room was beautiful with the brick and wood beams. We had a great view out of our window. The restaurant is delicious. The location is perfect too. The staff was friendly and helpful. We would stay at this property again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TonyBrooks
<Content>Great Value My wife and I spent two nights at the Argonaut and were blown away by the service, room decor, location and amenities. This hotel is the total package. It is a real bargain comapred with other hotels in an otherwise very expensive area. You can walk to almost all the top tourist spots and great shopping. We will definately stay at the Aronaut again and again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Argonaut - made our wedding so special! In May of this year we went out to San Francisco to get married, and chose The Argonaut based on reviews through Trip Advisor. Ten of us stayed there and to say that the hotel looked after us is simply an understatement. I cannot recommend this hotel enough! From the lovely rooms with enormous mirrors (and leopard print bath robes), to the daily wine reception where you chat to other guests - this really is a gem. They say you can't please all of the people all of the time but The Argonaut went down a storm with everyone from our parents, and my bridesmaid to our best man and his wife. It is ideally located on Fisherman's Wharf but away from the busy tourist area - and right next to the trolley terminal which takes you downtown. All the staff were friendly and on our wedding day itself they made us all feel so special. The wine reception is also an opportunity to chill out after sightseeing and meet other guests - and provided a really nice touch. All the wedding party loved staying there and we'll definitely go back for our anniversaries!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>woodchucker
<Content>The Argonaut is terrific! We just got back from our first trip to San Francisco, where we stayed at the Argonaut for three nights. We absolutely loved this hotel, it might be my favorite hotel ever! From the moment we drove up to the door, where the fabulous staff made us feel very welcome (especially Donavan, the doorman that afternoon and other nights we were there), we were so glad we had decided to stay at the Argonaut.For some reason, I had expected the room to be tiny, but it was actually a good size and the decor was appealing and fun. We were struck by how spotlessly clean everything was. We had a room overlooking the courtyard and we were a little nervous the first night because there was a very loud band playing in the courtyard right outside our window, but they stopped right at 10pm and weren't there the other nights we were there (our first night was a Saturday). Other than that, we didn't ever hear a peep from anywhere else while we were in our room, it was very quiet and peaceful. The evening wine reception was fun, and the staff were unfailingly helpful and friendly. The hotel was very full the first night we were there and the hotel had forgotten about our request for non-down pillows. When I asked them to remove the down, they called back up to say that there had been a run on foam pillows and that they were all out. I explained about our allergies and they said they'd try to do something for us. They did call over to one of the other Kimpton properties in San Francisco and arranged for more foam pillows to be delivered to the hotel right away. I was impressed with this, because any hotel can make a mistake, it's how they deal with it that matters. The Argonaut is right across the street from the cable car turnaround, and it was great to be able to go outside in the mornings, even as late as 10am, and not have to wait to board, but to just be able to walk right onto a cable car. The package we got at the Argonaut, which I believe is called A Discover Awaits, was fantastic! It included free parking each night (we had a rental car), two free breakfasts at the Blue Mermaid Chowder House next door (excellent breakfasts), and two Muni passes per day. We loved this hotel!!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelnurse6156
<Content>What a Fabulous place!!.... My husband and I planned an impromptu 4 night stay in San Francisco. Since it had been some time since I had been there (and his first time), I relied upon the reviews of other patrons of the Argonaut. This was the best decision I could have made. The hotel itself is lovely, with large comfortable rooms (the nautical blanket at the end of the bed provided the perfect nap). Everything was spotless and the housekeeping staff was probably one of the best I have seen. The hotel staff, doormen and concierge were excellent. Very helpful and always polite. And I can't say enough about the location. Right on the wharf, with all of the sights and sounds......great street entertainment, restaurants and tours all within steps of the hotel. And San Francisco's excellent transportation system was right around the corner. We booked the 3.5 hour city tour, which was fabulous. Really got to see areas of the city that we would not have been able to see without a car ( and who wants to drive in Frisco?) Also did Alcatraz. But the highlight of our trip was the Hornblower Sunday brunch bay cruise......perfect length, gorgeous views and excellent food and champagne. The perfect end to our trip. We have been spoiled by our stay at the Argonaut, and even though there seem to be many wonderful hotels, it would be hard to top our experience in this lovely city.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SSLlovesBSB
<Content>Loved the Argonant We enjoyed the Argonant very much, nice rooms, very comfortable beds, clean, great room service. We had eaten out the night before and had leftovers, room service was happy to heat them up for us at no charge, also including plates, napkins and utensils.Bell service and door service excellent. A great location in Fisherman's Wharf, close to everything.Great restaurants close by, Scomes, The Mandarin (near Ghiradelli Square) Great chinese  Cioppino's for Italian.Great Hotel, would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Argonaut We just returned from a visit to San Francisco and had a lovely time at the Argonaut! We weren't thrilled with our first room, but the helpful staff at the front desk made a real effort[though the hotel seemed very busy]to move us and they gave us a room with a partial view of the bay and the Golden Gate bridge. This was the first vacation we had taken in some time, so it was really appreciated. The staff is very friendly and down to earth and we felt almost like we were staying with friends instead of at a hotel in a big city, none of that attitude one finds at some other hotel chains. We didn't have the noise problems that some people have posted about here. We decided to rent a car to drive to Monterey at the last minute and the affable concierge, Ken[I believe is the name]helped get a great deal for us at the last minute. While in the wine country we thought maybe we could switch to a convertible instead because the weather was so nice and he arranged the switch and even called us back in the wine country. He sent us to a great Italian restaurant called Antica which was a ten minute cab ride from the hotel. He really knew the ins and outs of SanFrancisco as did the Doormen who we badgered with questions each day! We loved the wine hour where they serve California wine each night; and again you feel like you are visiting friends. The manager Jason chatted with us and showed real hospitality. We will definitely choose the Argonaut the next time we head out to San Francisco..Loved it!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ClimbWithKids
<Content>Best in San Francisco This was absolutely the perfect hotel for a great San Francisco vacation. It is on the edge of the Fisherman's Wharf area so attractions and restaurants are all within EASY walking distance, yet this little corner of Fisherman's Wharf is nice and quiet. Ghirardelli Square is only a few blocks away and the cable car turn-around is right across the street. Next door is a Ben  Jerry's, the Cannery, and a lovely grocery market that was perfect for picking up dinner for our flight home. You can also rent bicycles just down the way and watch the Bush Man startle unsuspecting tourists!!The hotel itself is absolutely fabulous!! Talk about service! I forgot my coffee at the market and when a staff member overheard me telling my kids he offered to go get it and send it up to my room. Every staff member was this accomodating. Our room was fun and luxurious at the same time. We had a king suite and it was HUGE. Definately plenty of room for the kids on the pull out sofa in the living room and mom and dad can close the doors to the bedroom for some privacy. The bathroom had a deep soaking tub with lavendar bath salts in addition to a spacious shower. And out our window what did we see? Alcatraz!!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Johnnooz
<Content>Highly Recommended       View from Room  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best place to stay in San Francisco! This is the best place to stay in San Francisco, why? because it is in the best position, the hotel is beautiful and the staff very helpful.It's just a few blocks up from the main pier area in Fishermans Wharf and just around the corner from the tram terminal.The hotel is very nicely decorated and the rooms are spacious and clean, if you want a view upgrade.The onsite restaurant and bar is great you can come back after a long day of sightseeing to a snack or meal and few drinks at the bar. Or if you get back early enough the complimentary wine and cheese in the lounge area!This hotel is one of the best I've stayed in and I can't recommend it enough.From a very fussy travel agent!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BankerABC
<Content>Excellent Value Stayed one night here on way back from Sonoma Valley. I really like hotel. We did not have the noise problem that some of the other reviewers had.When I travel, I always like sleeping in a nice bed, not fancy but clean with good sheets. Argonaut had, for the price, one of the best beds I have found.Hotel is in great location. Staff was very helpful.Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>axadreamer
<Content>wonderful hotel We stayed for 4 nights at the Argonaut - our second stay here. The hotel's location at the end of Fisherman's Wharf and almost next to Ghirardelli Square is just about perfect for vacationing travelers - very convenient, yet quiet. Service is excellent, beds are extremely comfortable, and rooms are well decorated and clean. The hotel's restaurant, Blue Mermaid, is very good (although we liked Capurro's across the street better for breakfast). The bowls of fruit in the lobby and the wine hour in the afternoon are great added touches that make you feel good that you decided to stay there.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mheywood9
<Content>Thanks TripAdvisor!! Thanks to tripadvisor we made the right choice by staying at the Argonaut.Also thanks to the people who responded to my post on where to stay with a 11 and 16 year old. It was the perfect choice.GREAT LOCATION- right off Fishermans Wharf - Cable car turn around right behind Hotel - Our room had a view of the GG bridgeGREAT HOTEL - Unique decor - Wine tasting hour 5-6 -Smartly appointed roomsGREAT STAFF -Always helpful -Staff acknowledge you when you met - Staff really seemed to enjoy their jobs- instead of the usual  I can't wait till my shifts over attitude The only thing I would change is I would of preferred a local paper instead of the NY Times in the morning. However they did provide free Wall Street Journals and Financial Times in the lobby. Nice touch.I will return to the Argonaut next time I'm in S.F. !!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Winepeople
<Content>Loved it! Stayed at the Argonaut two nights. The Doorman and Bell Hop were both very friendly and courteous. Check in and Check out a breeze. Room very nicely appointed, Aveda products in the bathroom and Starbucks coffee for the coffee maker. The room was comfortable and extremely well kept. Bathroom one of the cleanest I've ever used in a hotel. Liked having the safe in the room as well. We did not experience any room noise at all. Loved the location. Walking distance to many places including the car rental, many restaurants, the cable car, and the Oakville grocery, etc. Enjoyed the wine hour in the late afternoon and met some interesting people.There is a parking garage behind the Argonaut that costs about $18 a night to leave your car in covered, secure parking.Would go back to the Argonaut again with no hesitation.Indiana visitors  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It. Loved it. We stayed here instead of the conference hotel, The Palace, based on the reviews and the price. Everything was wonderful, the size of the room, the staff attentiveness, the wine hour and our daughter loved the treasure chest. We requested a quiet room and that is what we received. The bellman even helped two of my fellow conference attendees find a restrauant. This hotel has managed to be a four star hotel and be family friendly. I recommended it very highly.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>donsyb
<Content>Loved this hotel During a 2 week trip driving round California, this was our favourite hotel.It has been very sypathetically converted, with lots of wooden beams and brick walls. Extremely comfortable beds, and all amenities you could need.The afternoon wine reception was a nice bonus, and all staff were very pleasant and helpful. The location is ideal for exploring all of SF, with the cable car stop right next door.We didn't have any problems with noise as some reviews have mentioned. The only vaguely negative things I could mention are:* Housekeeping come round really early - don't forget the Do Not Disturb tag on the door!* Valet parking is extorionately expensive.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended for family with teenagers We stayed at the Argonaut for six nights, family of four with a 14 year old boy and 16 year old girl, in two rooms. We loved the location in a restored brick warehouse directly across the street from the Fisherman's Wharf piers. Great access to historic public transportation - cable car turnaround across the street and the historic street car line a couple of blocks away, which takes you all the way along the Embarcadero and down Market street. Walk to dozens of restaurants and to the Alcatraz and Sausalito Ferries. Friendly staff, helpful concierge. San Francisco National Maritime Park is across the street, and the park visitor center is actually in the hotel building. We walked to Ghirardelli Square, about two blocks away, for nightly chocolate bars (free as you walk in the door) and ice cream sundaes.We stayed in adjacent interior rooms, facing an air shaft rather than the street, which we would recommend both for the price break and because they are a little insulated from hustle and bustle of the tourist district. Nothing is cheap in San Francisco but at $179 per room per night this was only slightly more money than ordinary motels in the area and with a much nicer location and atmosphere. Free high speed internet (wired and wireless) was a big plus with teenagers wanting to stay in touch with home and friends (we brought a laptop). Parking is valet only and pricey, avoid having a car if you can (we needed a car for day trips out of the city).  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location Stayed here from UK for our first holiday away without the kids and were not disapointed! The hotel is excellently located at the quieter end of Fishermans Wharf and with the cable car turn around right next door so easy to catch one into the city. Only 10min strole to lovely Pier 39, which is great for tourists (try Bubba Gumps restaurant). Can hire bikes only a few doors away (great cycling over the Golden Gate Bridge if you've the energy!) and can hire a car in next street up (great for a day trip down highway 1 to Carmel). Ferries to Alcatraz at Pier 41, again only 10min stroll. Lovely restaurant opposite hotel for breakfast with friendly waitress. Rooms good with refreshing theme. Some reviews mention noise but this is not a major problem and no worse than in any other hotels. Staff, especially door men great.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>floridian_kitten
<Content>Impeccable Hospitality! My husband and I had the pleasure of spending the first 3 nights of our recent honeymoon at the Argonaut. We arrived late due to some flight delays, but check-in was efficient and we received everything we had requested at the time of reservation (quiet room away from the elevator, 4th floor, with a view of the bay and Golden Gate Bridge). The bell hop was quick to assist us with our bags and he even brought us a complimentary bottle of wine! The room was very clean, with a large bathroom and very comfortable bed. The window was a little small, which is my only complaint, as the room didn't get much sunlight, and while we had a great view, we had to sit by the window to really take it in. The honor bar was well-stocked and refilled daily. Housekeeping service did a great job keeping our room tidy while we were there. All the hotel staff were very friendly, polite, and made us feel welcome.We ordered room service our first night because we arrived so late and were too tired to venture out for food. Their room service menu after 10pm is quite limited, but the service was prompt and the food was hot and tasty. The hotel's restaurant serves a tasty breakfast, if slightly pricey (even for the area). One morning we were in a hurry, and when we told our server we were running late he rushed our food out and we were done with breakfast in about 15 minutes! We were so impressed with the service there, even moreso than the food (but we do recommend the crab omelette).The location of the hotel is great -- walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, but far enough away from the main tourist area that it's not so crowded and noisy. The cable cars, Ghirardelli Square, and Buena Vista Cafe are right around the corner. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there and will definitely return to the Argonaut next time we visit San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Russellicious
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location I recently stayed at The Argonaut Hotel for two nights recently and I can't say enough good things about it. The staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel is located very close to the wharf and a 20 minute walk from decious restaurants in Little Italy (We ate at Mona Lisa's and it was unbelievably good.) The marina is a beautiful place to run and you can make it to the Golden Gate Bridge if you enjoy a long jog as my girlfriend and I had.I highly recommend this hotel and I will certainly stay here again when I return to San Francisco.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aswanfan
<Content>Argonaut Hotel and Pacific Heights Limo the BEST!!! My husband and I just returned from San Francisco and here are some of the highlights of our trip:1. Argonaut Hotel - This hotel is fantastic and the service couldn't be better. Each staff member was always smiling, gracious, and willing to help. The location is incredible as the cable car is directly across the street and everything on the Wharf is witihin walking distance. 2. Pacific Heights Limo (Recommended on the Argonaut's website) - stellar service and a first-class, stress free way to handle airport transfers. Sam w/ Pacific Heights offers incredible service and took us on a day tour of San Francisco and Napa Valley. His pleasant demeanor, attention to detail, flexibility, and anticipation of our needs allowed us to have an amazing day of taking in the sights, dining on a cliff over Napa, and of having unparalled views of the Golden Gate bridge. I'd highly recommend Sam and Pacific Heights!3. Alcatraz - Incredibly interesting and there was an ex-Alcatraz inmate there autographing his book on his experiences at Alcatraz.4. Restaurants: Ton Khiang - Absolutely delicious dim sum in New Chinatown. Pier Market - great restaurant for seafood on Pier 39, recommended to us by a local Scoma - Incredibly fresh seafood, super close to the Argonaut  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BT1
<Content>Bring your ear plugs! We stayed at the Argonaut hotel for 2 nights and loved every aspect of it apart from the noise level. I need to give credit where it is due. It is a very good hotel in an unbeatable location and the decor of the room and the lobby was superb. The evening wine tasting was also extremely pleasant and we loved it. It is located right next to Ghiradelli square and also Fisherman's wharf. However, the walls of the hotel are paper thin. We could hear our neighbours (who just so happened to be a group of giggly and loud women) on our 2 nights there. On the first night, it was not so bad, they went to bed at 10pm and this allowed us to drift to sleep after that. However, it was a completely different story on the 2nd night. The level of noise emanating from their room was intolerable. There were shrieks of laughter, loud conversations and we thought at one point of time, cigarette smoke coming from under the adjoining door (it was supposed to be a non-smoking room!). We thought it would end at 10pm but it did not. We alerted the front desk with our concerns but it did not work. I called again just before 11pm when it became aparent that we would not be able to sleep and requested a room change. The front desk was very courteous and kindly gave us a quieter room but at that time, the damage had been done. My wife and I found it difficult to fall asleep after that. So our 2nd night was pretty much ruined.We informed the front desk again in the morning of our dissatisfaction that we were made to suffer when it was neightbours who were being inconsiderate. The response we got from the front desk was sorry...it is an old hotel. Hardly satisfactory at all. I would have loved to address this to the manager but our shuttle arrived at that time.So, it is a game of Russian roulette I think. If you are lucky, you would get considerate neighbors who would keep the noise down. Otherwise, bring a pair of ear plugs.But the location of the hotel was unbeatable.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kluttel71
<Content>Very good experience Pluses: attentive, helpful doormen who got us a cab in about 15 seconds when we left; best possible location for tourists (on the charming, quiet end of the Wharf, next to the cable car turn-around); beautiful building that has been renovated with great care; friendly and welcoming staff; great AAA rate (plus free upgrade as a return guest); evening wine receptions; Aveda products, fluffy robes and lots of towels; great security; large, comfortable, charming rooms. Only minus: not the quietest hotel ever. We could hear the people above us (probably with little kids) running back and forth. We could very clearly hear the people next door--and their two little dogs. The dogs were pretty well-behaved, but barked on occasion, including at 7:30 AM. They checked in the afternoon before we left, and since we knew that we had to get up early anyway, it wasn't worth asking for a room change. Under any other circumstances we would've asked.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TARCY2
<Content>Loved it  Had a wonderful stay at the Argonaut. From the time we pulled up until the time we left, the staff was attentive, courteous, and couldn't do enough for us. Our bags were loaded up before we were even out of the car and since we arrived during 'happy hour', I had a glass of wine in my hand before we finished registering. The location was perfect (fisherman's wharf) and Ken the concierge was extremely helpful. We had an incredible meal at Bobo's...(in fact it was the best steak I have ever had) and were so grateful for Ken's recommendation. Everything about the Argonaut was outstanding and I cannot wait to return!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unpleasant experience. We had a problem with our hotel stay. The night clerk mistakenly telephoned our room at 5:30 a.m. on a Saturday morning. He was looking for the room that had ordered a car. We were on vacation and had hoped to sleep until at least 8:00 a.m. Neither of us were able to go back to sleep because of the noise from the courtyard below and because of the noise from the housekeeping staff. The housekeeping staff was very loud in the mornings. They knock loudly on each door and laugh and joke in the hallway as early as 7:00 a.m. This is okay if you are a business traveler. We were on a romantic getaway. This is not the place to stay if you are on a romatice getaway.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       View of bed  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ISW
<Content>Just perfekt! During our 1-month trip across the west coast, this was definitly one of the best hotels we stayed in (standard room).Perfect location - at the wharf, but on the much more quiet end; great starting point for a wonderful walk to the Golden Gate Bridge.I also liked the courtyard with the live afternoon performers (but if you want to take naps in the afternoon, make sure your windows does not pointto the yard).The room itself was spacy, with a funky and very nice decor, and a huge tv. Hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful.Although we only made it once to the complimentary late afternoon wine tasing, I thought that was a very nice idea (and they had good wine :-).  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>upnorth21
<Content>A Gem We stayed in the Argonaut hotel from 13/04/06 - 22/04/2006The hotel is superbly situated on Fishermans Wharf and great for visitors like us who wanted a holiday without driving.From the moment we got out of the taxi from the airport the hotel staff were superb for all our stay. Our check-in was quick and pain free, although we had to change our room after the 1st night as we were located just opposite the Irish bar and main street so it was very noisy, very early morning. Our room was changed without any fuss and we were moved to a Cannery view room which was fine.The rooms were immaculate and beds very comfortable. Colour scheme was great too.Bathroom was quite large and the shower was perfect.The complimentary wine happy hour was a great idea and it was good that our 17year old son was offered water so he did not feel left out. All the staff were so friendly and helpful, especially Leo,the concierge. He recommended 2 wonderful restaurants to us which we would never have found and also pointed us in the right direction for the Baseball  Basketball games we went to. He even checked that there were tickets available for us. We had a wonderful holiday here and would love to come back again. We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel and will be recommending it to all our friends.By the way the 2 restaurants were Izzy's which served the best Steak I have eaten in great surroundings  House of Nanking in Chinatown which was so popular we had to queue for lunch, but it was worth the wait. We advise you to check these out if you visit san Francisco  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel My wife, young son and I stayed at the Argonaut Sunday, April 16th through Tuesday, April 18th. We stayed in suite 345, which is comfortably large with a tremendous view of the Golden Gate Bridge, the Bay and Alcatraz. The staff was attentive, the room spotless and the bath includded an extra deep luxurious jacuzzi tub. The location is perfect for exploring the wharf area on foot as the hotel is located in the Cannery, next to a cable car stop, around the corner from Ghirardelli square, across from Hyde Street Pier, and a short stroll to the wharf attractions. We'll definitely be staying at the Argonaut again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Oynx
<Content>The Best! My husband, teenage children and I stayed from April 15-21st 2006.The previous reviews say it all, but I feel the need to reinforse the greatness of the hotel.The location is ideal for getting anywhere in San Francisco. We had the Neptunes package which provided breakfast coupons, transportation pass and other discount coupon books. Having breakfast included was a great deal as a family of four can easily spend $50-60 for a basic breakfast in San Francisco.The rooms were huge providing plenty of space for us all even with a daughter that shopped endlessly.Personal in all arenas were always friendly and always willing to help in any way possibleWithout hesitation we will both recommend this hotel and stay again if we revisit.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>top notch when I go to the city over the weekend with my girl friend I like to stay at nice hotels.The Argonaut is top notch and they gave us the room with the view to the Golden Gate Bridge as I had requested. Their hotel manager left us a bottle of great wine in the room.I'll return to this hotel in a heart beat!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mum1234
<Content>Lovely Hotel Nicley decorated, child friendly, some noise heard from rooms above when showers/toilets used, but very good position for sightseeing  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martin35
<Content>No Disappointments Here!!! This was our fourth and last hotel of an 8 day trip and it was the best. Everything was absolutely perfect. They offer complimentary wine in the beautiful lobby from 5-6 each evening, the location is great and the rooms are lovely. The entire staff was most attentive and everything went smoothly. Not only would we stay there again, we had not heard of Kimpton Hotels (which they are a part of) and so wewould definitely consider trying some of the other hotels they own -- which are supposedly all unique.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>julie1294
<Content>1st class attention We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for two nights in a queen/queen room. The room was spacious and extremely clean. We had a wonderful view from our room of the Golden Gate Bridge. All the staff we encountered at the Argonaut were professional and attentive. The wine hour is not to be missed! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heavyweight
<Content>The Royal Treatment Our first visit to San Francisco for our 30th wedding anniversary on Valentines Day this year was perfect. The professional staff at the Argonaut Hotel treated us like royalty. From the door man to the maintenance staff, this hotel is by far the best managed group we have ever encountered. Our expectations for a clean room were exceeded each day of our trip. We have traveled from Mexico through Texas and all stops along the East coast to Boston and the only room that even approached our standards was the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas the first year it opened. We simply can't complement the hotel staff enough for making our visit a trip to remember!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bevsboy
<Content>We'll be back! My family, including two teenage daughters, stayed at the Argonaut for five nights from 30th March to 4th April. I have previously stayed at both the Radisson, and Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf, and whilst both of these hotels were perfectly adequate, the Argonaut is definitely a step up in class. The rooms are a good size, and suitable for a family of four. The furnishings were excellent, and the rooms are kept spotlessly clean by the efficient housekeeping staff. The whole hotel has an ambience of quality, fully justifying its four-star rating. The staff were all very helpful and friendly, and nothing appeared too much trouble for them. If only the weather had been better, it would have been the perfect stay! As we left, John the doorman said Don't be a stranger. We certainly won't, and in the words of the Governator of California, We'll be back!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spadogs
<Content>Amazing Waterfront Hotel The staff were unbelieveably competent and friendly. We had a couple of boxes shipped in advance of our arrival and they were held with no problems and delivered promptly when we arrived. The Fisherman's Wharf/Hyde Street Pier/Cable Car turn-table location was wonderful for tourists. The evening wine-tasting was fun, the wines were excellent, and a great opporunity to chat with other guests. The restaurant also gets high marks. Check out your room for the free glass of wine coupon. What a unique and hospitable hotel. The rooms were quiet and spacious, the beds very comfortable and the bathroom, though basic, had great amenities. We loved this place.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Must if you have kids! My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights with our 2 children (ages 1  2). We couldn't have been more pleased. We had a room with the Cannery view, King bed and pull out sofa. It was so quiet that it seemed like we were the only one's in the hotel. The room was very large with plenty of room for the four of us. It was also so clean that I didn't mind that my 1 year old was crawling on the floor. The bed and linens were top quality. The hotel staff was friendly and very accomodating. We had requested a crib upon check-in and they had it up to the room within minutes. We also enjoyed the evening wine reception. BUT...the best part is that the hotel matched the lower price that I found on Travelocity. I am a budget-conscious traveler, so this was very exciting. Although we usually don't stay in 4 star hotels, this one was totally worth it!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ninnasuttle
<Content>great-great-great We just returned from a week's stay at the Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco. This is probably the first hotel we have stayed in where the description/pictures were exactly as described. It was great! It had nautical themes throughout. We took our 19 year old daughter and the room was plenty large enough for us all. It is perfectly located in Fisherman's Wharf. We had breakfast each morning in The Mermaid (hotel restaurant). Food and service were great. Also, I left 2 boxes of jewelry at the hotel and did not notice until we got back home to Arkansas. I called and they had found it and promptly shipped it UPS. We would most definitely stay there again. FYI - be sure to take a light jacket.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NeilMacUK
<Content>Superb hotel, nice location and service Stayed here for 3 nights in March. A very nice hotel, loved the room, lots of space, and despite it only being a de luxe king size room, and having spent the previous night elsewhere in a huge suite, it didnt feel small, although I suspect the rooms with 2 beds wouldnt have felt so spacious. Nice location, just on the end of fishermans wharf. Just bear in mind that it is a very touristy area, particularly on Saturday and Sunday, its much quieter during the week.Can't fault the service given, and always with a smile.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SherriK
<Content>Luxury and value! My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights last August and I have been meaning to write this review since then. One word to sum up our experience - WOW. Our stay there was perfect. We took advantage of a package that included parking and breakfast - a full breakfast from the regular menu. The food and service were great. The location was ideal - easy to find and right next to the trolley, easy walks to the Wharf and Piers, great restaurants and places to spend the evening. From the moment when we checked in, we were thoroughly impressed by the friendliness and sincerity of the staff - no in-your-face forced-smile attitudes, just people who seemed happy with their jobs and interested in making our stay perfect. The comlimentary wine hour was a great time - a gorgeous comfortable lobby, good wine generously served, pleasant way to relax before heading out for the evening and chat with staff and other visitors. We checked in just as the hour was beginning, were encouraged to take a glass up to our rooms and come back down for more. Everywhere we turned, there was comfort and ease. The rooms were a delight - not a single complaint. Nicely decorated (the theme wasn't overdone at all), spotless, impeccable condition, VERY luxurious bedding, Starbucks coffee in rooms - we both said that if we tried, we couldn't have found a single thing not to our liking. We've stayed in all sorts of places and this is def tops - would have been worth it at twice the price. We will look for other hotels in the same chain and I would love to stay at this place again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must Stay at the Argonaut My daughter, sister in-law and I stayed at the Argonaut March 14th thru 19th. So glad we choose this Hotel. LOCATION!! SERVICE!!! Everyone at this hotel treated us like Queens. Starbucks coffee in the room a plus for me since I'm a big coffee drinker. The wine tasting (glass full) in the Lobby by the fireplace every evening is very enjoyable. While in San Francisco you must dine at Cliff House Sutro's Restaurant at least once. A bit expensive but go for the view. Make sure you arrive early around 4 or 5 to enjoy the view and sunset. It's not near the hotel and the cable cars do not go there so we had to take a taxi, but its worth it. Everything else is in walking distance or jump on cable cars next door and see the city. Go to Chinatown and eat at Cathay. They had the best chinese food! Locals including cops recommended it. I'm going back to San Francisco in September and will stay at the Argonaut. I will ask for a different room, only because next time I want a view. We were in room #427 which looked out to the other rooms, but it was very comfortable and quiet.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SammyG
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut for 5 nights this month from 9th to 14th March and had a fabulous stay. Quick and efficient check in with Mikel. Room very clean, beds comfortable, no view though as standard rooms overlooking each other.Problems encountered with T.V. and safe resolved quickly. Good location and next door to cable car turnaround that takes you right through to Union Square. Never had to open the door once the doormen always there to hand. Blue Mermaid restaurant disappointing we had a poor meal there. Wine tasting in the evening very relaxed and friendly altough my only criticism of this hotel would be on our last night, we were chatting to some people we had met and it was close to 6 o'clock. I had drunk half my glass of wine so my husband took it back along with his for a top up. The man serving this night refused to do this stating the glass was half full, this embarrassed my husband as everyone else had received more than one glass in fact the people stopping at the conference had someone circulating with the wine topping them up. This guy must of realised he had been rude and embarrassed my husband as he approached him 10 minutes later and offered to top the glasses up as the wine tasting had finished. Shame this encounter happened as it would be my only criticsm of the hotel, I would definately stop there again but drink my wine faster to avoid any embarrassment!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CalvinR
<Content>Great Location, Delightful Property The Argonaut Hotel is every bit as delightful as the majority of reviews on this site portray it. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! And we would return anytime. I heartily recommend it to readers.We had accomodations at the Argonaut for 3 nights, March 2-5, 2006.The staff are friendly and professional, from the bellman and doorman, to the front desk and Concierge. Due to travel/air arrangements, we had a very late check-in and very late departure and everything was handled beautifully.We happened to have one of the inner rooms that looks out only on a light shaft. Nevertheless, the room was spacious and very nicely appointed. The windows were adorned with functional wooden shutters that were very effective in keeping out the light, allowing for sleeping in late. The decor was whimsical, keeping with the nautical theme throughout the hotel. There was a divan between the bed and the window, a very comfortable spot to read the newspaper delivered to the room each morning except Sunday.The location of the hotel was perfect for us. Being at the Aquatic Park end of Fisherman's Wharf, it is removed from the hustle  bustle of the kitsch. Being a re-habbed historical property and the location of the visitor's center for the San Francisco Maritime National Historic Park, it's the perfect place to begin one's exploration of the entire Fisherman's Wharf/Golden Gate area. Ghirardelli Square is immediately past the Cable Car turnaround.The Cable Cars have a line ending just beyond the hotel, and the historic streetcars are available just two blocks east. Getting around town is very easy from this hotel. In fact, our entire visit used public transportation: BART from the airport to downtown, and a streetcar along the Embarcadero to the hotel; then reversing for departure.We found excellent restaurants in the area immediately around the hotel.During your time in the lobby..., ponder the operation of the timepiece above the fireplace. Intriguing.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>willSA
<Content>Argonaut Was Great--a real Gem We stayed at the Argonaut March 13-17, 2006, and had a 4th floor bay view room (which I highly recommend). From the room we got a fabulous view of SF Bay, the Golden Gate Bridge, the Powell  Hyde Cable Car turnaround and Ghiradelli Square. The rooms here are charming--neat nautical theme, great beds, and nice touches like a Sony flat screen TV. And the hotel was quiet throughout the week. The service was excellent, and all of the staff members we dealt with were courteous and friendly--especially the doormen. Didn't particularly like waiting for the car (valet parking) every time, and $36 (plus $5 tax) parking per night is steep. But the hotel otherwise is great! And don't miss their Blue Mermaid restaurant. It too is terrific. All in all, this place is a real gem.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1Beachgirl
<Content>Great stay at the Argonaut! We stayed at the Argonaut on March 7-11. Upon arrival we upgraded our room to larger room overlooking the bay. The room was huge by today's standards. We could not have been more pleased. The concierge was helpful and the wine reception every evening is a nice touch. We never had any trouble with the valet service, the wait for our car each time was not excessive. The parking fee each night was $36 and there is no other option, but, keep in mind this is San Francisco and there is no free or budget parking. I'm sure if you check with other properties in the area this is a competitive rate. Also, I didn't see any other fisherman's wharf hotels that seemed as nice as the Argonaut. The location is great-within walking distance to all of the Fisherman's Wharf attractions, Ghiradelli Square is right around the corner, Lombard Street is four or five block up the hill and don't miss The Buena Vista around the corner for an Irish coffee!I would definately stay again at this property and will recommend it to all my friends.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm coming back... The Argonaut is quite lovely, the staff were great, the rooms are different, I enjoyed the nautical theme. And the location is simply great for seeing this part of San Fran. I was there for a quick i.e. less than 24 hr stay for a business meeting, but will definitely be back with my wife to spend some time there. One quick note, the rooms looking into the stark interior space, or on the 2nd floor looking at the street, certainly don't give you any reason to open the windows, but in these rooms you can just stay within, and pretend you are on a ship.....and this has all the extras you come to appreciate with the Kimpton chain...  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChezNoodles
<Content>Horrible experience - car stolen from valet parking We stayed in the 4 star ARGONAUT at Fisherman's Wharf for 4 days end of Jan 2006. The hotel has only valet parking so we handed over cars and keys for $39 a night. The last day we waited for 1 hour for our car when I got really angry about the waiting time. Only then the hotel manager came and explained that somebody had taken the keys out of the valet office in the parking lot and stolen the car. But this was only the start - dealing with the insurance has become a real nightmare. It is now March 8th and we still haven麓t had any money back or indication to do so from the insurance of the valet company. On the day of the ncident, we were advised by the valet manager to hire a replacement car so that we could continue our journey and were promised that the insurance would pay for this replacement car. He said that 'for reasons of liability' we have to pay with our credit card first and we wold only later be reimbursed. Well - the insurance now declines to do so and we will have to go to see a lawyer to enforce our rights. Lesson learnt? Don't go to ARGONAUT if you have a car and don't trust the valet company. Hindsight, we should have not continued our journey that day but insisted on settling or signing insurance claims on the spot.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tarilyn
<Content>FANTASTIC HOTEL AND SERVICE!!!!       on the cable car  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenJamesBerkshire
<Content>Argonaut was superb Recently stayed in the Argonaut hotel in Fisherman's Wharf, good room nicely decorated, hotel bar and food was good, nice touch by hotel offering free wine tasting in the evening. Very convenient for the whole of Fisherman's Wharf, great location, easy to get to trams and about 15-20 mins on tram to downtown San Fran. Service on trams can be a little slow at times, Hotel needs to brush up on a more personal touch as it can seem a little heartless. Would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Believe the Negative Reviews My wife  I spent a week here, on the 4th floor with a view of the bay  Ghirardelli Square. First - the staff was great. Everyone was extremely friendly and very helpful. I understand that a guest may encounter an employee on a bad day, but don't let that color your opinion of the staff overall.Second - The room was great. I suggest the 4th floor, as there is no one walking above you. Also, I suggest paying the extra for the view rooms, even if you don't plan to spend too much time in the room (otherwise you get a view of a tiny concrete courtyard, not too great). While other reviews mentioned noise outside, my wife  I didn't notice anything more than the occasional cable car bell. Yes, the room is somewhat small - but folks, this is a hotel. If I want bigger rooms, I'll stay home. How much space do you need to sleep and brush your teeth (and maybe shower once in a while)? The only issue I had, and this is minor, was the somewhat thin walls between rooms and the hallway. Some noise can be heard from adjacent rooms and the hall outside the door. But this was in no way a deal-breaker.Third - Great location. I don't like the idea of being stuck in the middle of all the buildings downtown or in other more congested areas of the city. This hotel's spot on Fisherman's Wharf was perfect for me, as I prefer being close to the water. If we wanted to go into town, we either drove or took the trolley. There are plenty of excellent restaurants within walking distance of this hotel; likewise Pier 39  Ghirardelli Square are nearby.Absolutely do not hesitate to book a room at the Argonaut, as long as you're looking to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area. If you drive to San Francisco, be ready for the $36 per night parking fee. They will bring your car to the front door whenever you request however. And you will find similar costs at other hotels. Otherwise, this hotel should be on your very short list of places to stay in San Francisco. You will not be disappointed.By the way - I rarely, if ever, review places/things/experiences I've encountered. But the great experience my wife  I had on our vacation compelled me to do so in this case.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SLWilliams
<Content>Had a great stay at Kimpton Fisherman's Wharf Argonaut, Kimpton at Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco, was wonderful! The hotel is nautical themed and very new with good quality and comfortable furnishings. It has a chowder house/restaurant/bar called the Blue Mermaid that is very good and reasonable and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. They have an evening wine hour in the lobby that was a highlight for us. Upon check-in, the front desk person called it a wine tasting, but it was clearly a generous wine pouring event. The lobby is big but has a very cozy feel with a large fireplace and was nice to enjoy in the evening. We bought a pakage deal that was very inexpensive in city terms and included parking, breakfast, and trolly passes. The staff was always very helpful. We had a fabulous time and we will be back!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great Wharf choice Spent 4 days at the Argonaut Hotel on Fisherman's Wharf at the beginning of February. Staff were very friendly and efficient. Room was very comfortable, well equipped and decorated with a nautical theme. No bay view, but would have been available at a supplement. Excellent location for the attractions in the area ,as well as being close to the cable car into the city centre. The restaurant was excellent although you could run up quite an expensive breakfast as each item is individually priced - no buffet here. Dinner in the evening as good as anything else we found on the wharf. The free wine reception each evening from 5pm to 6pm was a very sociable way to start the evening - the wine was very drinkable too!Would definately stay at the Argonaut again if we ever return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>McClures
<Content>Brilliant hotel My husband and I spent three nights at The Argonaut prior to our ski-trip at Tahoe. The hotel was excellent, no faults whatsoever. Front desk, bell services, all spot on. Room beautiful, no noise and housekeeping were brilliant. Will return, hopefully in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Olliebuba
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location Great location close and/or easily accessible to fun activities in San Franciso. Directly across the street from the cable cars with easy access to downtown and Chinatown. Within walking distance to Ghiradelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. Much safer than hotels located in Union Square area. Hotel decor was beautiful, similar to being on a cruise ship, with great wine gathering each evening at 5 p.m. Rooms were small and narrow. Rooms on the interior face other rooms, with no view. Rooms on the exterior face bay, cannery or park. Cannery side is noisy during the day and evening, even on the higher levels. Fourth floor rooms do not have old wood decor like other levels. Most of the staff is very friendly, however, some have an attitude that borders on arrogance. Overall a nice hotel, but I would hesitate to pay the higher price for the Cannery or Park View rooms versus the interior rooms.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kelownatraveller
<Content>Great hotel........lousy concierge!! We stayed Feb 22-25 as part of our 20th anniversary to San Francisco  Sonoma. The Argonaut was a perfect location for exploring the city and the staff (with 1 exception) was excellent and very helpful. Our room had a view of the ocean  Alcatraz, was clean, spacious and all was as described and as expected. The only problem was on the 1st day when I went to check with the concierge (lady; L...) to see what was happening with the local music scene, where to go etc. for live music......she reached under her desk, tossed a newspaper to me and said to check it out myself. Wasn't expecting *that* response!! I went down the next morning and there was someone else there who gave the expected assistance and comments. She asked the right questions, gave the right answers, tried booking an event (which was unfortunately sold out) and did all this on her own initiative. What a difference from her grumpy colleague!! Did manage to find some great acts at the Boom Boom Room  Lou's Blues so had a great time at those.Cable cars are a few steps away, the Fisherman's Wharf strip is right there, and the city is easy to navigate. All in all a great time at a great hotel.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Wonderful hotel - my only comments - note, if you have a bay, cannery or park view, there might be a noise issue during the day.Interior rooms only look out on the other rooms, but they will probably be quieter.All in all - completely fabulous - very responsive staff, beautiful room, and great decor.Will always stay here when I visit San Francisco!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KC_FLA
<Content>The Best Hotel. I hope they don't raise the rates!               
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>crusty
<Content>noisy My husband and I was on our honeymoon and at first we were very pleased with our room and the room service and quality of food was excellent but the only thing was that we must have had children staying above us as all we could hear was a thumping noise as if they were running up and down the floor especially a night when we were trying to get to sleep, as a result we wont consider staying there again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved every minute of our stay! I was in San Francisco for a conference  my daughter flew out to meet me on the last day. There are so many hotels to choose from in the bay area, it was overwelming. A family friend who lives in Oakland recommended the Argonaut, as her company put her up there when she moved to CA. We could not have picked a more wonderful hotel!! The staff is terrific, not at all snobby like you find in so many big cities. We used the concierge services every morning to help plan our day  directions for getting around. Our room was always very clean  up-to-date with amenities. The Blue Mermaid restaurant adjacent to the hotel is marvelous. We could jump on the cable car across the way for quick access to the city. If you stay at the other hotels I saw located at Fisherman's Wharf, you have to deal have all the tourist traffic  confusion (we were there over an extended weekend) but the Argonaut is at the end of the wharf where you don't get all the noise  street people, yet it's within easy walking distance. We even made it to one of the 5-6 p.m. wine receptions they offer daily in the lobby (Australian wines were being served that evening) - cool idea, very relaxing,  you will meet other guests from all over the country. I spend fifteen years in the hotel business in the 80's  90's  all I can say is: great choice, you won't regret it!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Radu Toma
<Content>Good hotel, but overrated and overpriced Stayed here for 2 nights for our anniversary in february. Location wise, it does not get any better if you want to stay in Fisherman's Wharf. Price, at $145/ night (on special on hotels.(-)) is just about right. At $220-$800, as advertised on the hotel's site and all other sites we found rooms on (Expedia, Orbitz, etc) it is way overpriced! Everything works in the room and is good quality, from the king size mattress to the Sony TV, the Starbucks coffee in the room, 3 different papers in the morning and complementary bottle of wine (was it for our anniversary, that I told them about??). However, while the rooms have character, they are much smaller than they seem in pictures, the bathroom is no better than in a 2-3 star hotel and most of the the windows (who don't open) face other windows! Lobby and hallways are not more impressive either, and front desk staff, while polite, seemed somewhat inexperienced. If you can get it below $150, it's definitely worth it. If not, go for another area, like Nob Hill, or Union Square, where you get more for the money.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ann-elizabeth
<Content>A Real San Francisco Treat! Our family (husband (60), wife (43), son (4)) stayed here for 4 nights in Feb. 2006. Initially, we were given a room waayyyy too small for us. it was a Bay View king size bed for $309 a night. We asked for another room and they stated that in order to get a bigger room, we would have to move up to a Jr. Suite for an additional $200 a nite! Now, I thought we were already paying top dollar (rack rate) and the jump in price was a bit much. We took a look at the suite and it was gorgeous. Full Dining room table, couch, chairs, desk, king zize bed, and a chaise. We decided to pay the difference. But it did leave a sour taste in our mouth. We subsequently learned that the 2 queen bed room was larger than the king room. Anyway, all the positives that people talk about this place were true. Great decor, great location, friendly service. The bell staff was particularly pleasant. The toy chest was a hit with my boy. The Maritime Museum was really good with interactive displays. My boy loved it. Within a few hours of checking in, the mgr left a message stating that he had lowered our room rate $50 a nite. We appreciated that. Anyway, great hotel with a unique perspective. The concierge was not the best...asked for a self service laundromat location and was sent to a drop off laundry (and I had to trek UP 3 blocks with a child in a stroller and all my laundry!). Overall great hotel will definately come back (hopefully with a better rate!)  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>LOVED the Argonaut Hotel       Hotel King Size Bed  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bladestardog
<Content>Location        The room!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DUKEUK1
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Great Location It took me a long time to decide where to stay in San Francisco, but based on other reviews I opted for The Argonaut - and I am so glad I did!!This is a fantastic hotel, beautifully decorated, clean and comfortable.I paid a little extra for a bay view room, which to be honest wasn't really worth it because the view was obscured by a few trees. But the room was huge!The Staff are very helpful without being over-bearing.The location is great if you enjoy walks across the bay in either direction. It's quite a distance from downtown, but it is such a beautiful city you won't mind the walk.I shall stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MGMarch
<Content>Great value in San Francisco We spent three nights (Fri-Sun) at the Argonaut in mid-January as part of a SF to LA vacation. We were extremely pleased with the experience, especially the friendliness of the staff. For $199/night booked through the Kimpton web site, we found the Argonaut to be a great value in an expensive city.Having lived in San Francisco years ago, I was hesitant to choose a place near Fisherman's Wharf. We were travelling with two teenagers who I figured would enjoy the wharf for an hour or two before getting totally bored. Did I really want to be stuck down at the Wharf? In a word, yes. Because we weren't stuck. San Francisco is one of the easiest big cities to get around (though it isn't cheap).On Friday, we walked to Ghiradelli Square for lunch and a great bay view. Then we took the obligatory cable car ride -- starting literally steps from the hotel's front door -- to Union Square for shopping and sight-seeing. On Saturday, we picked up a rental car (to use on the drive to LA). While I was concerned about the cost of parking, I was more concerned about the exhorbitant cab fares in San Francisco. One round-trip cab fare would equal the $36/night parking fee. My concern about parking was alleviated the first day when one of the several helpful doormen tipped me off that there was plenty of on-street parking nearby and that you could leave your car there until 10 a.m. I was able to find a spot right next to the hotel on Hyde Street both nights we had the car.With the parking issue dealt with, we used the car to drive all around the area -- from Telegraph Hill to Twin Peaks to Berkeley to Fort Point to the beaches to Haight Ashbury to Muir Woods. And getting back to the Argonaut was always easy. And you can't beat the location for cruising the Wharf from Pier 39 all the way to Ghiradelli, tacky gift shops and all.As you can tell, we were not in the hotel too much, but when we were the experience was excellent. We checked in early (about noon) and were given a room way in the back of the hotel which was too far for my wife to walk to the elevator. We requested another room but none was available at the time, so we checked our bags and went off to Union Square. When we got back around 6 p.m., we were given a near replica of the room we were offered before but much nearer the elevator. The room was extremely spacious, clean and well appointed with a high ceiling and complimentary Internet access. It overlooked a patio area in the Cannery, which we viewed with a little trepidation. But aside from an odd bit of loud music one morning from one of the bar/cafes, it wasn't a problem. The fact is, they pretty much roll up the sidewalks on this area of the wharf at 10 p.m. in the winter months.One big concern I had from posts on TripAdvisor was the thin walls. While we did not encounter any big issues with this, I can see how a noisy neighbor could pose a problem. One night our neighbor had a pretty rough cough, which was easily audible, but fortunately not so disruptive as to prevent us from sleeping.I am not big at staying at the same hotel time and again, but I would be hard pressed not to return to the Argonaut. The location is perfect and the staff is outstanding.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>starbuck212
<Content>Unique, Fun, and Quality I recently stayed at The Argonaut Hotel in Fisherman's Warf area of San Francisco for 3 nights in Jan. I was very pleasantly surprised with the uniqueness and quality of the hotel. Let me start off by saying that I consider myself to be a hotel snob. I travel a lot for work so I'm used to staying in nicer places. Marriott/ Hyatt are usually standards for me. So I was nervous when I decided to veer off the Hyatt/ Marriott hotel path and try something new. I found out about The Argonaut hotel when I did a random search on the internet for Fisherman's Warf hotels. The description said it was one of the newer hotels in Fisherman's Warf and it seemed more unique than a Marriott or other standard hotel. So we gave it a try. The decor of the hotel is so much fun! I was afraid that it would be to kiddy, but instead I thought that the lobby was very tastefully decorated all in a nautical theme. We arrived at 5:30 and were able to participate in the nightly wine hour. The lobby gets packed from 5-6!The hotel hallways and rooms were very cute and vibrant, still with the nautical theme. I loved the decor and the extra touches in the room -- loved the Aveda products in the bathroom, thought the leapord print robes were fun, loved the Sony cd alarmclock, loved the funky lamps, loved the huge power outlet thing on the desk that could hold like six different plugs, loved the huge nautical mirror, loved the shutters, loved the brick wall. Also loved the bedding. Very high quality, very comfortable. We had a room that over looked Hyde street and could see the Golden Gate bridge. I thought it was worth the few extra bucks / night to have a bay view (even though it was more of a street view than a bay view), bc the interior rooms just looked out onto a square in the middle of the hotel where you could see everyone elses interior rooms. This hotel's location is PRIME!!! It is ON the main drag in Fisherman's Warf, not a block or two away like all the other hotels in that area. It is also the closest hotel to Ghiardelli Square (walking distance) and the closest hotel to the Hyde  Powell Trolley line (stone throw away). I would definitely stay there again and would also stay at any other Kimpton Hotel after having enjoyed this visit so much.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bcaha
<Content>great choice We chose the Argonaut based on reviews on TripAdvisor and we were very happy with our decision. Stayed there Dec 29-31st. The location is amazing. We walked everywhere. Try the irish coffee at the nearby Buena Vista Cafe. We walked to the cable cars, to Fisherman's Wharf, and Ghiradellis. Across the street was a Bakery with a little museum inside that was worth seeing. As for the hotel itself...the rooms were spotless and decorated nicely with a nautical theme. We had 2 adjoining rooms - both excellent. There were only 2 negatives - 1. no breakfast in the hotel (unless we missed it?). Try Joanie's Happy Days diner (walking distance). Great fresh fruit on Belgian waffles. 2. And I believe that I read this on someone else's review - pidgeons on the window sill making noise. But the rest of my family slept through that! They didn't know what I was talking about. Also, parking is all by valet.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ironman247
<Content>Best of Fisherman's Wharf Best hotel on Fisherman's Wharf. Very clean. Great location, Cable Cars and Ghiradelli Square right outside. Pier 39 down the road. Bay view rooms facing Alcatraz and Golden Gate Bridge. Staff is very friendly (ladies working here are hot) Complimentary internet access and wine tasting every evening. Blue Mermaid Chowder House also a real treat.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bethany329
<Content>EXCELLENT HOTEL-5 STAR! Stayed at the Argonaut 1/13 to 1/18..Well we were so pleased by the accomodations! The beds are SOOO comfortable, dreamy! We had an awesome view of Alcatraz...Upgraded our room for an additional $20 a night which was well worth it! The room was very roomy and bathroom/shower was great! You can not beat the location. The cable car is literally around the corner. We took the F trolly daily to Pier 39 or wherever you need to go, it is only a block away, right by Walgreens. The restaurant was very good, a bit pricey, however everything in San Francisco is a bit pricey! Room service was lightning speed fast, again a bit pricey, but thats ok when your on a vacation. The bellman and doorman were so kind to my son and so polite to us. For kids, they can pick a prize from the treasure chest every day, my son looked forward to that! Wine tasting every night from 5-6pm.. The ONLY negative thing was that I booked my room with my VISA DEBIT card(they put a $100 a night hold on my card and it took almost 5 days to get it off) that is something that can be a bit of drag!! I had to actually call the hotel and have them call my bank to take it off...other than that 5 star, 1st class all the way!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two thumbs and paws up! Looking for a comfortable and friendly place to stay, including for you dog? This is the place to stay. The room was awesome and the staff was super friendly to us and the precious pooch! The thin walls like everybody keeps complaining about is not a big deal! This is where we will be staying all the time from now on.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent great location and service. food good partic breakfasts although a la carte menu could have been better with more variety. decor great, v comfy bed.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GOWYO
<Content>Best Hotel in San Fran (If you need 2 queen beds)       Nicely decorated rooms  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brentwoodBrentwoodTn
<Content>wonderful the wife and i just finished a seven night stay at the argonaut. the entire experience was a 10+. cant wait to go back. the view from room 432.....golden gate, trolley turnaround, maritime park, swimmers from the dolphin club.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BiznessTraveler
<Content>nice hotel, customer service not as nice I would have given this really nice 5 star hotel a better rating, but for the issues I had with my room. My husband, 2 toddlers and I booked a last minute room for the Argonaut and we stayed one nite in November 2005. We paid $20 extra for a room with either a Cannery or Park view, but got neither. When we checked in, we were not told that the room we paid for was not available so we just proceeded upstairs. When we got to our room, we then found out that it was looking at the building in the back. With our 2 kids under 5, we didn't feel like re-locating so we waited until check out the next morning to mention the bait and switch. We received a cool reception to the complaint and was told that there was nothing that could be done. That's too bad, because there will be no more business from me to this hotel. SO, buyer beware and make sure you ask for the room you pay for or there's nothing that can be done.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaHockeyMom
<Content>Excellent stay - My mom and I recently spent 5 nights at the Argonaut and for us it lived up to all the great reviews. The only wrinkle occured upon arrival - the first room we were given smelled very strongly of smoke. I called down to the front desk and said that I had reserved a non-smoking room and the desk clerk said the room he gave me was a non-smoking room. It may have been a non-smoking room but someone had very recently been smoking in there. He told us to come back to the front desk to try and find another room. On our way back down we met up with the bellman with our luggage and he called down and found a new room for us. He was great!! We moved into room 218 which was at street level and looked out over the park next door. You could just catch a glimpse of the Golden Gate also. Although we were at street level the outside noise was not an issue for us. The noise level from the rooms beside you may bother some travelers as the walls do seem to be a little on the thin side. We could hear what the people in the room beside us were saying at times. They turned in early so it didn't affect sleeping but it is possible that it might be a problem for some. The room and the hotel in general was very clean and all the staff seemed very pleasant. I can't say enough about how comfortable the beds were. Although some reviews have stated that the decor is a little over the top, I really liked it. I thought it was great to stay somewhere that wasn't just your regular boring neutral box. I had read all of the reviews and wanted to stay at the Argonaut but did not want to pay $169/night. I kept a close watch on Expedia and was able to book the room for 5 nights at $126/night. After I found the discounted rate, I called the hotel and they matched it. Overall, I thought the hotel was great and would love to be able to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location We recently stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for 3 nights in late November. We were very happy with the location being at the far end end of Fisherman's Wharf but still very close to restaurants etc. The hotel staff were very friendly and the rooms were very clean and the nautical decor made the rooms more interesting than standard hotel rooms we have stayed in before. It was our first time to San Francisco and we really loved the Fisherman's Wharf area and the city centre. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Themed Hotel This was our first time in San Francisco and what a great introduction. Great location, within easy walking distance of all the Wharf's attractions. The Doormen were always on hand and very polite. Our room wasn't serviced one afternoon and within minutes of reporting this it was sorted. We booked all our tour with expedia and everything was booked as planned. The hotel has a great theme which is not too overpowering and gives it an edge. Too far from the golden gate - but you can't have everything. Highly reccommended. San Francisco is a very expensive city but that's not just for tourists the locals find it expensive too. By the way, Alcatraz is a must!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prime Place My fianc茅 and I travel frequently. This was our first trip to San Francisco. We've been everywhere from New York to Hawaii with Chicago in-between. This was by far one of the best places we've stayed at. It had a great location with all local attractions within walking distance. Pier 39 was down the street a few blocks, the Maritime Museum was right across the street, and the Dirty Martini was just up the block. There was a park just to the left of the building and the streetcars had a turning point right there for easy access. The free wine at 5:00 in the lobby was great after a long day of walking and seeing the sights. If you love live music, ask for a room facing The Cannery. They have local artists performing during the day and evening. The staff was always helpful and courteous. The rooms were very clean and colorful. The Cannery was a nice addition to the stay. The Argonaut is part of that historical building so everything is always neat and clean.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>Thumbs up! Happy to report that I relied on TripAdvisor reviews to choose this hotel and happy that I did. All in all a great stay. Great location for tourists and SF newbies (Fisherman's wharf location, pier 39 a quick walk away, lots of inexpensive eateries and kitty corner to the cable car start at the bottom of Hyde), nicely appointed hotel, decent restaurant and great service.The flaws were mainly in that they don't do a great job of promoting what they have. we traveled with our young daughter and found out by accident about the treasure chest - a literal chest full of inexpensive toys where she could pick one toy a day. Or the complimentary town car service to the financial district - a fabulous plus connsidering the location doesn't lend itself to the business traveler.A couple of nits: Housekeeping wasn't on top of everything. A pillow left in the closet had dust and grit on it - echhh. And our 3rd morning saw someone else's lipstick and eyeliner on the nightstand - clearly found by one housekeeper but not the one who cleaned the room prior to our stay (another echhh). Also it took 3 calls/visits to have the DVD player in the room fixed (the audio was hooked but not the video and someone had removed batteries from the remote).All in all a Plus. I would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SactoSteph
<Content>Great Location..Updated  My family stayed at this property Dec 9-11th,2005 with intentions of enjoying holiday festivities in SFO. We paid $134/nt through ----, thanks to TripAdvisor!The exterior photos of this property make it look dated.. walking inside, it's immediately apparent EVERYTHING is new and modern. Entirely nautically themed..from sailboats in the lobby, portholes in the elevator lobby, to the nautical museum next door..the property has flair. Original exterior brick and large structural wood beams are all that remain of the original cannery structure that now houses the hotel. They add some great character.Our room (#220) was long and relatively narrow. Uniquely, our door opened out into the hallway. We didn't get a bathtub, and had an exterior-facing room whose one large window was at shin-level of passing pedestrians. Because it's new, everything works great -- great phones, nice Sony swiveling TVs, an honor bar, great shower pressure and efficient temperature controls. (One note, don't keep the fan on ON - our daughter switched it and we were dried out after a night of constant air blowing..)The room has SUPER comfortable beds, pillows and great linens. I was impressed. The only interactions we had were with the valets. We found them friendly on the way in; surly on the way out. The location is terrific. We walked one block up the hill (past our room) and took the cable car to Union Square for breakfast at the Chancellor Hotel (YUM!). The park next to the property (where the cable cars turn around) affords terrific views of Alcatraz and the GG Bridge. Immediately next to the property is their restaurant The Blue Mermaid. We tried their NE Clam Chowder and the Sausage one..finding both to be disappointments. We did not try the room service or other meals there as there's a ton of restaurants around the hotel.Next to the Blue Mermaid, The Cannery shopping area courtyard is pretty neat. We heard some great live music and enjoyed some homemade ice cream within. We walked along Embarcadero and viewed lots of unpleasant tourist trappings..lots of restaurants and enjoyed the bread baking factory of Bourdin. It's a can't miss seeing the sunset beyind Alcatraz!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic This Hotel was fantastic, we had a room with a view of Alcatraz. The beds were comfortable and everything was very well presented. Would definatly go back again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L8H
<Content>This hotel has character and the wow factor! Myself and my wife have just returned from a 5 day break in San Francisco and stayed at the Argonaut Hotel. We picked the hotel based on it's top 10 status on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed, this hotel has loads of character and is one of the best US hotels we have stayed in.The location is surperb which all the previous reviews confirm. It is just around the corner to the Hyde/Powell cable car turnaround point and only a short walk from the Hyde/Market cable car and also the streetcar service which goes right away to Castro. The ferry piers are also within easy reach. There is an abundance of restaurants/cafes/shops etc. Definately try the fresh crab from anywhere on Fishermans Grotto and the fresh clam chowder in a bread bowl from the boudin bakery.The check in was quick, painless and pleasant experience. The hotel decor was nautical, modern, cosy and very well kept. The room was like it hadnt been slept in before and was spotlessly clean. We had an inside room with a view of an inner square. The room was longer than wide but plenty of room for two with a lovely nautical theme and exposed beams left behind by its previous use as the Del Monte warehouse. The room had a Sony Vega TV and DVD player, radio alarm clock and Aveda products in the bathrooms, umbrella in the wardrobe/closet (which we needed one day) and dont forget the quirky leopard print bathrobes.Every night at 17:00 there is free wine provided of the monthly featured vineyard by the hotel manager and staff. It can get a bit busy in the lobby and fire area during these times but it is good to mingle with fellow guest and staff to swap stories and tips.All staff we came in contact with were friendly, helpful and always had something nice to say such as welcome back, Hope you had a nice day or Have a great day. There was an asian girl who worked on the concierge desk who wasnt rude or unhelpful but not has friendly looking as the others.All in all this hotel is clean, efficient, quirky, cosy and has bags of character. we will definately return to SF and when we do there is no doubt that we will stay at The Argonaught.Some tips which you may find useful. Buy the Muni pass for transport on the Cable cars, streetcars and buses, it will save you a fortune. We paid $24 for 7 days and had our monies worth and more despite not using 2 days of the pass. Go to Mamas on Washington Square for breakfast, you have to queue for 15-20mins but it is worth it. More locally is the Hollywood Cafe run by a chinese husband and wife due. Great american breakfast great service and you get to leave a message on a napkin for the wall. Do a wine country tour it is good to get out of SF and have a few! sips of wine. If you go to Alcatraz have the audio tour included its worth it and very interesting. Take a door to door shuttle to and from airport costs around $10-$13 each, buts it worth it. We tried to do public transport, we caught BART from airport costing $5 each plus a cable car to the hotel at $5 each. It took over an hour and was a bit of hastle with the cases, for another $10 we had a shuttle back, which was quicker and easier.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place, Excellent Location, a few rough edges My wife and I stayed at the Argonaut for a week.You can't beat the location for a sight-seeing vacation. The hotel is located at the western edge of the Fisherman's Wharf area - out of the middle of the hubbub but close enough to walk to everything along the waterfront. The farthest waterfront destination that we visited was the Ferry building, and that's just a short trip on the F-line streetcars. The Powell-Hyde cable car turnaround is across the street and Ghirardelli Square is just a block farther. LOTS of restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk. Everything else is just a walk, cable car or streetcar ride away.The rooms are in excellent condition and well cared for. We stayed in a double Queen with bay view - and there was a lot more room between the furniture and walls than most hotels. Housekeeping does a good job on each room daily. The WEGA TVs and DVD players make for nearly infinite viewing choices (a WB station on the list would be a good addition).There are still a few quirks that the hotel needs to work out:1. The walls ARE a bit thin - if you have a loud neighbor you will know it. They could have knocked a few square feet off the room to make the walls thicker.2. The check-in area gets crowded in the evenings, and the folks behind the desk are a bit snooty. (The rest of the staff is fine)3. The business center PC/Printer combinations are expensive ($24/hour) and not well maintained. They should provide a printer-only solution with a USB connection and WiFi or Ethernet network connection so that we can use OUR laptops. It galls one to have to pay $6 just to print a boarding pass and have to fix the printer to boot. The free Ethernet internet connection in the rooms worked very well.One cautionary note - the room safes are easy to use and will probably hold a standard size laptop but modern wide-screen laptops don't fit. Buy a laptop cable lock and put it on the shelf locked around the hangar bar.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>scooby007
<Content>Very nautical! We stayed here at the very beginning of our honeymoon, we had booked for three nights but our flights were oversold and we had to stay in Washington for a night. The hotel were very good after I called and didn't charge us for the lost night. Unfortunately this left us only one full day is San Francisco and I can't wait to go back. I would definately stay here again although we would probably want to see other parts of the city as we only really had time to do fishermans wharf.Obviously quite touristy but if you are a seafood lover I would recommend hunting out the cheaper seafood restaurants and having a very simple meal, my husband ate the biggest crab we had ever even seen for a remarkably low price (I'm comparing this to UK prices but still, it was HUGE!) The hotel also got us a reservation for the Ana Mandara restaurant as it was my birthday. This was close to the hotel, the food was great and its a very pretty restaurant. The staff are very helpful also and recommended heading for the restaurant early for a cocktail which was excellent. Overall a great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DCFrequentFlier
<Content>Loved this hotel The Argonaut is located in Fisherman's Wharf by the water. It is charming with a cool nautical theme and a great staff. The hotel is very accommodating. We booked rooms for a short two night stay but then decided to spend our second night in Napa. The hotel desk staff graciously canceled our second night without penalty. We reserved two rooms, an interior queen and a deluxe room. The queen, as expected, was very small although the decor made up for the size. The deluxe room had a 'view' but unfortunately our window looked into the scaffolding of the building across the street. When you stay there, request a higher floor (3rd or higher) facing the water. Also, the Argonaut offers a lot of 'package' deals. If you are driving a car, check out the deals that come with parking. The hotel charges $36 a night for parking (I parked on the street to save the charge and the bellman still walked over to my car and helped me with my bags. Gotta love this hotel). A rate that includes parking is often a better option than a regular room rate (the packages also include breakfast etc). Fisherman's Wharf is one big tourist trap so the area is deserted at night.. but you can get to other neighborhoods quickly. Avoid eating in the area.. food is not great and charges are high. Snag a cab or the cable car to another neighborhood and get a great meal for a lot less. During the day, its an interesting area to walk around.. and again, you can grab a cable car and visit other neighborhoods. I am a big fan of the Kimpton hotels and this ia a great one. The decor makes it a lot of fun. I'd recommend it and I'll plan to stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Hotel (by far) in Fisherman's Wharf My teenage daughter and I stayed in the Argonaut Hotel for two nights. I chose the Fisherman's Wharf area because of all of the things to do, especially the Alcatraz tour. The Argonaut is a historical hotel that was originally the Del Monte warehouse in the early 1900's. It is directly across the historical Del Monte Cannery. They did a very good job of keeping the historical integrity of the hotel intact. The original beams and brick walls are exposed in the rooms. The service was excellent! EVERYONE was friendly- what a nice surprise. I guess I am just used to the east-coast grumpiness. The doormen(plural) would open the door almost every time, and say, Hi, how are you doing today? The beds were ultra-comfy. The bathrooms were very nice and offered Aveda bath ammenities(the counter-tops were big enough, and don't know what the earlier reviewer had brought with them that didn't fit!)There was also Starbuck's coffee for the coffee maker (bring your own creamers though as they offered only 2 small packets of a generic powdered creamer.) The Argonaut had a nice ,uncrowded,work-out room which came in handy after eating the Ghiardelli chocolate earlier that day. The Powell-Hyde cable car turntable was right around the corner- pricey but worth it if you actually used it as a means of transportation. Costs $5 one-way, $10 round-trip and $11 for a day pass. The Alcatraz night-tour was great. Was a cold and rainy night but added to the dreary history of Alcatraz. We didn't use the audio tour, and chose to venture around the building by ourselves and away from all the people taking the tour. Be prepared to be trapped on the island for 3 hours though. One last thing that I recommend doing while in the San Francisco area and if you have a car- go to the Winchester Mystery House in San Jose- it is worth the trip. Again, the Argonaut was the BEST hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. It is a Kimpton Hotel and I would definitely stay there again and be more likely to stay in a Kimpton Hotel after our stay. If you are a AAA member, you will be pleasantly surprised with the rates offered.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pokey123
<Content>Great Location! The Argonaut is located on Fisherman's Wharf, just across from the cable car turnaround. On arrival the staff was most helpful, giving directions to various sites and answering questions. The room ( a king bedded with view) was narrow and long with the bed and a sofa facing the flat panel tv. While not large the room was most comfortable. They offer a wine reception in the lobby each evening (it was very crowded on the weekend we were there). Breakfast is not included but there are several cafes and bakeries in the neighborhood so it wasn't a problem. There is a coffeemaker in the room, along with the standard amenities.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>21654
<Content>A wonderful experience at the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco from October 27 -October 30, 2005. We were celebrating our mother's 80th birthday. With this knowledge, the hotel left our mom a nice note and a complimentary bottle of wine in the room. The whole experience was wonderful...polite and cheerful bellboys, the best hotel mattress and pillow ever, free wine daily at 5pm in front of the fireplace, clean and well kept throughout. The in room safe was great. We didn't use anything out of the minibar frig, but it was great for our own beverages. Be sure to stop in for a glass of wine, it was a great way to meet people and share San Francisco tour tips. Try this hotel, you won't be disappointed. The bathroom did need more shelf space and hooks for towels.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dsHonolulu
<Content>Great value!!! Great location!!! This has got to be one of the best places to stay in Fisherman's Wharf. VERY comfortable rooms. I've stayed here three times and each time I'm very pleased with my stay. I really don't have much chance to check out the staff's service but checking in is okay. The best thing about staying here is the location. Right next to the park and to the cable car station.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lynd50
<Content>Great location, awful service This hotel is in a great location, close to Fishermans Wharf and the cable car stop. I had read the reviews prior to going and booked, as I thought, a room with a bay view through my travel agent in England. (Six months prior to travel)I contacted the hotel prior to leaving the UK to make sure we had a twin room. Got a reply saying they had done a free upgrade from an interior room. Emailed back to say I had ordered room with a bay view, then hotel decided I only had a room with a view - this is a view of the cannery but they would upgrade me, no charge. Be aware when booking that you ask for precisely the room and view wantedArrived after nearly 24 hours travelling to be given wrong room. They then disputed my upgrade - I had printed the email. Eventually got the room we wanted a day later but by then our view of the hotel service was very wary. New room had non working TV and overlooked building works.Nice hotel but I won't stay there again as we had better service on previous visits to the Hyatt and nearly same location.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WRC6
<Content>A Diamond Amidst the Clutter               More photos  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ekehat
<Content>One of my best hotel experiences We stayed two nights at the Argonaut on October 2005.It had everything you'd expect from such a hotel, in terms of service, amenities, friendliness and responsiveness of the staff. Everything was just right.The location - right on Fishermen's Wharf - is the best in SF in my opionion.But the real reason to stay there is that the hotel is very unique in its nautical-themed design. We really enjoyed it, and it added a lot to the experience.My only gripe is that it takes the valet about 15 minutes to retrieve your car from the garage, but I guess that comes with the location. They do let you know that in advance, so you can plan for it call from your room and ask them to deliver it before you go down.In short, it's one of those rarest times when I can wholeheartedly recommend a place. The price is right too!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mainerd
<Content>expected more Good location for tourists, but has some issues. Front desk doesnt have a clue, another guest came into our room while we were in it, they gave them an electronic key...didnt have any compensation for itwe're sorry...had trouble checking out, some other guests did too.Good points, location, views, wine, clean.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for Bargain Hunters, but awesome! We have travelled to San Francisco with our twin sons for the past three years to attend Fleet Week in San Francisco. We chose the Argonaut this year with some trepidation because of the cost but from the minute we arrived we knew we had made the right decision. The staff is welcoming, pleasant, completely service oriented and with a unique sincerity. This hotel had ENERGY! Imagine our sons wide eyes when they saw the Blue Angels in the hotel lobby as they left by police escort to wherever it was that they flew out of to perform the spectacular air show over the San Francisco Bay. At the end of the show, they were in the hotel lobby signing autographs and talking to everybody. The room we had was exactly as the pictures show, very nautical and spic and span clean. The wine reception every night was a welcome respite from the throngs of people who were at the Wharf. You were not allowed entrance to the hotel without showing your key. These guys had it wired. They were good about giving us traffic advisories, they kept the crowd under control and as far as we could see, if you were going to stay anywhere this was the place. Honestly, I cannot find one fault with this hotel. It's expensive, but it's worth it!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A four star hotel? Haha... My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for one night using expedia. We thought it would be a fabulous night in a four star hotel. A treat really. HA! What a joke.From the moment we walked into the hotel there was nothing but trouble. The room we requested was not even a possibility when we got there (even though it was posted on expedia).The towels were no bigger than a face cloth, the sheets were too short for the bed, so our feet touched the matress. When we requested proper bedding -we were questioned, no sorry, interegated before they would send someone up.The concierge knew nothing about the city. And the managers kept passing the buck as to 'who's fault all the problems fell to'.They gave us no compensation for our troubles...oops...except for a bag of about 15 covered nuts. HA...What a ridiculous experience for the over $350 we spent on the tackiest room I've ever seen.Oh ya'...don't forget to check out the leapord print old robes. That's a site.A terrible experience...just terrible.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Missshopper
<Content>Almost perfect!! This hotel is very charming and has a unique style! The staff was very friendly and nice! The rooms were very clean and we had no complaints!! We faced the courtyard of the adjoining open mallwhich was pleasant.However, the one thing that was a disappointment was nothing at all was done in celebration of special birthdays we were celebrating. I had written ahead of time to the hotel manager about this but it was not acknowledged at all. Most hotels will do something to make your ocasion special- sending something special to your room, a complimentary spa treatment or meal.The adjoining restaurant was very good for breakfast but we ate our meals at the many places on the pier.The location of the hotel is perfect!I would definately stay there again! Thanks again to a wonderful staff!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>glen911
<Content>Great hotel great location Stayed here for 5 days in September with my girlfiend. Had a room overlooking the bay and was great to look out everymorning and see Alcatraz and what the weather was like. Great location and the cable car stops just around the corner so found it easy to get into town and also walk along to pier 39 . The wine tasting was a nice way to end the days walking and relax by the fire. In all we had a great time and would recommend this hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Argonaut My husband and I recently traveled to San Francisco with our one-year old and stayed at the lovely Argonaut Hotel.The minute we stepped into the hotel felt as if we were boarding a ship. The hotel's nautical theme is classy and not overstated. The hotel's appearance exceeded our expectations and looked exactly like the pictures posted on the hotel site. We had read previous reviews about the hotel's thin walls. Our room which was located on the top floor of the hotel (4 stories high) was completely soundproof and we slept soundly each night. The only caveat to our short but enjoyable stay at the Argonaut is the hotel's food. We ordered breakfast and found the food to be a bit bland and not tasty at all. Our son even wrinkled his nose with disgust after tasting the potatoes. Other than that, we had no qualms about the Argonaut and would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice hotel in the Bay. Just be prepared to pay as it is a little pricey but it's worth every penny!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrevMUk
<Content>Very good hotel - ideal location My wife and I stayed at this hotel as part of our 30th wedding anniversary tour. On arrival we were welcomed warmly by staff and were given a complimentary bottle of wine to celebrate our anniversary. The room was fine and the bed very comfortable. We laughed at the leopard skin effect bath robes which seemed out of kilter with the nautical theme. The hotel is in an ideal situation away from the general hussle and bussle of Fisherman's Wharf. The Aquatic park is very pleasant for an early morning stroll. The staff are very courteous with a greeting each morning and evening on our return. It was the little touches made all the difference to our stay. In the other hotels we stayed in we were met with indifference by the reception staff.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ValR
<Content>We liked it, something unusual               More photos  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jilyf
<Content>disappointed We stayed at The Argonaut in August and had a great stay - I wrote a review to that effect but was disappointed when our Visa bills for the holiday caught up with us this month to find The Argonaut had deducted $500 without our authorisation for the stay, when we had prepaid back in June! I was also annoyed as they did not have the courtesy, after writing to them to acknowledge my fax - they just credited our Visa account for the right amount.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>serendipity_sunrise
<Content>Perfect       Very Nice Doorman  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Argonaut We spent 3 nights at The Argonaut which is located on Fisherman's Wharf. The location was perfect for sightseeing. Ghirradelli Square and Pier 39 are only a few blocks away and an easy walk. Also, the cable car turn around is right next to the hotel. The decor of the Argonaut is nautical and modern and our room had a wonderful view of the water and Alcatraz. Also, there is a nice daily wine hour in the lobby area. The service at this hotel was the best I have ever experienced. The hotel staff was always there to help you and were also friendly. I have stayed at some places that are known for their service but the staff is very formal and polite to the point of making you uncomfortable. No so at this hotel. Whenever we needed directions, to get a taxi, help with bags, etc., there was always someone there to help you and made you feel like they sincerely just wanted you to enjoy your visit and not like they were fishing for tips. I plan to visit San Francisco and I will stay here again. Also, if you enjoy victorian homes, then I highly recommend taking a tour with Victoian Home Walk ----.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelGal415
<Content>Was it worth the price tag? I lived in San Francisco for several years and am very familiar with the city. I think that the Argonaut is extremely well situated and always wanted to stay there becuase I loved the facade. I recently stayed at the hotel for a business trip and was lukewarm on my experience. I thought that the staff was extremely friendly, very clean, the location great (I already knew this), but was a little disappointed in the room. It was a bit on the cramped side and had an equally small bathroom. Compared to other hotels I've stayed at in SF with similar price tags, this wasn't my favorite. I would stay there again for business when travelling alone, but I would definitely pick another hotel if staying with my husband.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect place I have lived in the San Francisco area in the past and was returning with a friend for visit. This was her first trip so staying in the city was a must. After searching I decided on the Argonaut based on location. The price was a little high but well worth it. I booked a package that included parking with in and out privleges, muni transport pass and breakfast. The hotel was immaculate, staff very helpful, rooms immpeccable and food excellent. Be sure to ask for a room on the upper floors with a view. We were facing Alcatraz and on the 2nd floor and just above the building in front. The rooms are very quiet even on the streetside. The workout room is great and the staff guided us to running areas just around the corner. Don't miss the maratime museum on the first floor and the boats across the street. The National Park did a great job there.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelCriticDK
<Content>Well.... Well I guess the reviewer saying not worth my $ just about sums up our experience. It is an OK hotel - but there is sure a lot better deals to be had - and for the price range I would say that you could do a lot better. Sure it is a nice building, and yes it is right to Fishermans Wharf - but compared to other hotels is it is simply overpriced - and the internal rooms are just to close to any hotel room to justify the prices.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dmfrescatore
<Content>Be Mindful Of The Thin Walls This hotel is very nice and in a good location but the noise coming from other rooms both above us and to our sides was not acceptable. The walls are too thin, at least in room 225. The doorman reaffirmed our conclusion when he said he has heard that compliant before.On the positive side, service was great, especially from Night Manager Joao. For what I paid for this hotel, I would expect they would provide a house computer which would allow me to check my e-mail w/o a fee. Not a chance. There is a $24 per hour computer usage fee. Not good when other low cost solution hotels provide a house computer.Nevertheless, the service delivered did help to neutralize the noise and computer access issue.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Experience We were only there for one night, but it was fantastic. The staff were very helpful, the hotel was in a great location, and it was very well appointed. The beds were so comfortable, I didn't want to get up. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oxfordshireboy
<Content>Interesting, distinctive and high-quality hotel Contrary to the review below which described it as an ordinary hotel which only has nice location - I couldn't disagree more. I am used to staying in Hiltons, Sheratons, Marriotts on business - they have a high level of service but are almost always completely ubiquitous and utterly dull. By contrast, the Argonaut is a breath of fresh air - it is a really pleasant, attractive and stimulating place to stay, the kind of place I choose to stay for leisure rather than work. Staff are friendly and interesting whilst delivering the high-quality service one expects at this price - none of the obsequious-yet-disinterested vibe found at many other chain hotels. All the basics are as one would expect, and the big Sony TV and DVD in the room is a nice touch. Food is excellent, and the courtyard tables with the buskers outside is a very nice place to unwind. Only minor downside is the location - Fisherman's Wharf is a dire neon-and-plastic tourist trap, with only pretty views of the Bay and fresh fish stalls to redeem it. A tasteful and refined hotel seems quite out-of-place here! But the Argonaut is exactly that.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TemecGirl
<Content>Hmmm.... Not worth my $550       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Disney Family UK
<Content>Top Class Hotel       View of GG Bridge from the room  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sedgley
<Content>Interesting Hotel Stayed here at the start of our holiday in California and have to admit it was one of the most unusual hotels I stayed in.The room was small, slightly noisy because of the air conditioning and overlooked the inner courtyard. It was however well furnished to excellant standard and very, very clean.The staff are outstanding, very approachable and were always willing to assist. Recommend you attend the wine tasting.Well positioned, turn left you head towards the busy Fishermans Wharf area, right towards the maritime museum and Fort Mason, an area away from the noise and a good place to walk.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff IS great, contrary to previous posting I stayed at the Argonaut in August with my boyfriend and have never been more please with a hotel as I was with the Argonaut. Just as the previous posting of someone who booked on Expedia and said they confirmed their two beds, I also booked on Expedia, and it is very clear that they will forward your bed request (along with other requests) but can't guarantee it. In any event, the interactions we had with each and every staff member were flawless. The doorman (Big John, I think I heard someone call him) was very nice, bell staff, front desk staff (Mason, Angelina) were all smiles every time we approached the desk. Although, we are a pretty low-maintenance guests, we still felt people were sincerely concerned for our comfort. I have to say that I was a little suprised by the restaurant. I'm assuming they are connected to the hotel, I don't know why. They restaurant staff seemed scattered, under-staffed, and overwhelmed. We decided to eat elsewhere. So yes, location is great and a plus (especially if you don't have a car), but that is not what makes the Argonaut a great hotel. It's the people. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad            
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lightbulb03
<Content>Awesome Place to stay waterfront at the wharf This hotel was quite a find. Our objective was to stay as close to the waterfront as we could and we sure picked the perfect place. This hotel is a converted warehouse as part of the Cannery next door. It is located on the corner of Hyde and Jefferson directly across from the Hyde Street Pier and across the street from the Hyde/Powell Cable Car terminal/turn-around. This is all part of the maritime park and museum directly across from Ghirardelli Square and within easy walking from the hotel. What a beautiful area. We had easy access to the wharf, cannery mall, ghirardelli square, walking paths, views of Golden Gate and Alcatraz. The hotel staff treated us very warmly and always said hello. The room was large and the view was a deluxe view of Alcatraz and Hyde Street Pier. The street below was always busy but since there weren't large buildings across the street we didn't mind because of the great views. The hotel has a restaurant (the blue mermaid) which was ok. We ate outside one night and they provided tall propane heaters to ward off the chill of the evening breeze. The service was a little slow and forgetful and there was a language barrier at breakfast. Toast came instead of french toast.All in all a wonderful experience. The staff bent over backwards to make us feel at home. I'd stay here again definitely.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in a good location!!!!!!! We stayed a a week at the Argonaut Hotel in January 2005. The hotel is fantastic and we had a really good time during our stay in San Francisco. We found the rooms really spacious with nice touches (Aveda bathroom products, DVD/Flat screen TV) for 2 adults and 1 child. The beds were very comfortable - too much difficult to get out in the morning!! The location again was very good although I expect in peak time could become too busy as the Wharf is a big attraction however going in January this wasn't a problem. The staff were pleasant particularly the concierge/doormen who recommended/arranged a couple of restaurants for us. The only downside was the dining facilities within the hotel - we ate at the Chowder restaurant in the hotel once and we found it just average however they were very good with my little girl in the mornings for breakfast (the breakfasts in the restaurant were good!). The complimentary wine hour in the hotel lobby in the evenings was a nice touch when you arrived back from a busy day of sightseeing  shopping. All in all we had a great time in San Francisco and a big part of this was staying at such a good hotel - we will definately look at the Kimpton group of hotels when we stay elsewhere in America.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>People, see the comments! We just wanted to tell you that this is an ordinary hotel which only has nice location. Read the comments. Those who rated Excellent mostly say location is good. Those with Terrible rateing bad experiences with staff. We stayed at this hotel with 2 kids in July. We requeted 2 beds through Expedia and it was confirmed, and they said only 1-king room was available. I showed the confirmation, but they did not honor. The front desk was not helpful so as the manager. Waisting our valuable time, we finally took it. Of course that room did not even have a view. It was my mistake that I expected little as we compromised bed type, but no. Again people, read the real comments. This hotel has bad reputation on staff!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasure! Just returned with my family after 3 nights at the Argonaut. It's in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf - very convenient. The hotel is a very unique experience: funky decor, very friendly staff. Some of the rooms have 2 queen beds which makes travelling with families easier. The rooms are BIG! VERY comfortable beds! Great TV and DVD player for the kids. The bellman really went out of his way to help us get out of town on the day of a major bike race when the streets around the hotel were blocked. The only bad thing is the location: Fisherman's Wharf is a seedy place filled with homeless beggars and endless stores hawking cheap t-shirts and sunglasses. This area is definitely a tourist trap but may be worth a few days stay to look around. The only good things are the local museums and piers dealing with naval history - they're great. The Argonaut is a jewel of a hotel and was a pleasure to return to at the end of the day.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4cal
<Content>Unique hotel My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut for two nights in August. We enjoyed the unique qualities of the hotel. Our room had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge (if it wasn't too foggy, like most of the time). The hotel is right next to the trolley line, Fishermans Warf, and Pier 39 and lots of great resturaunts. The room was large and had a king sized bed, a couch, desk, and a good sized bathroom. The room had a wonderful nautical theme which included beamed ceilings and a brick wall. The employees were very nice. The hotel also hosted a free wine hour from 5:00-6:00 each night. We were also allowed to check in early. Overall, it was a fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>krohrig
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! My sister and I just got back from staying at the Argonaut 09/3 - 09/05. This hotel is right in Fisherman's Wharf. Perfectly located. We've always wanted to stay there but knew the hotel rate was a little high. I got this fantastic deal from Travelocity where if I book my hotel and airfare together they would take off $75.00. It was a steal! We arrived at the hotel about 9:00 AM Saturday morning. They checked us right in. I thought we would have to wait. Our room was hugh. The decor was a nautical theme. Very nicely done. The room's necessities were ironing board, hair dryer, two bathrobes, there were bathing products by Aveda, The shampoo was rosemary mint. Very delightful. There were plenty of towels. The room had two queen size beds that were so comfortable I don't think I moved the whole night. The pillows were very soft. Our room overlooked the courtyard where there were restaurants. It was never loud at night. We both slept very comfortably. There is a wine reception at 5:00 PM... get there a little earlier to get a seat. We arrived at SFO. We took the bart to the embarcadero and then hopped on the F Line bus that dropped us off about 3 blocks from our hotel. Total cost per person was $6.50. We got to the hotel very quickly. There is internet hookups in the room. There is a cable car turnaround about one block away. We recommend having Irish coffee at the Buena Vista which is one block away. Right across the street from the cable car turnaround. We had breakfast at Joannies which is through the courtyard and across the street for breakfast. Since our flight was so early Monday morning we took a shuttle which only cost us $13.00 each. I will definitely look for specials to this hotel again! Very satisfied.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>musicmaker
<Content>Very Family Friendly We stayed here for 5 nights with a 2 year old and a 6 year old. I have to admit that the hotel lived up to its reviews. The staff was helpful and friendly ( okay one cranky one but maybe it was just a bad day). The decor is fun enough for the kids to enjoy and classy enough for the adults. Really enjoyed the wine reception at night. It was a nice way to regroup for the evening.Location, location, location! It was easy to walk to many things and justas easy to jump on the 30 bus or cable cars to explore the city. Close enough to pop in for a little breather from the city to relax a bit.Our room was a double deluxe with views of the cannery (not so great but very quiet, I was expecting it to be loud.) In fact, noise was never an issue, it is one of the quietest hotels as far as noise between the rooms. Our room was larger than most standard size hotel rooms we've stayed in. Great decor! Rooms look just like their website.Restaruant overpriced and just adequate food but North Beach was a quick bus ride away, and with the great many places to eat this was never a problem. Many good breakfast diners right around the corner.The doorman and bell hops were a shining example of what good service is! Always friendly, helpful and one step ahead. Even put our car seat in the taxi for us when leaving. Very clean, superb housecleaning (I tend to be a pretty particular about this ) Nice bath items - Aveda rosemary mint shampoo ...All and all a great experience that left my family and I feeling a little pampered and anxious for a return visit. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>London-Phil
<Content>Best Rate Guarenteed...I don't think so! After much procrasternating, I finally decided to stay at the Argonaut. Alpharooms.com was showing a fully inclusive price of $715.01 for the four nights in November...Pretty good I thought! I always prefer to book with the hotel directly if I can so I contacted Kimpton Hotels and asked them to honour their web site promise of a price match. Karen mentioned some nonsense of not having the right type of room and then just said that they do not honour fully inclusive rates which goes directly against their web site promise. Having spent over 30 minutes on the phone from London, England, I now feel that Kimpton Hotels have been just plain dishonest about wanting to accommadate their propective guests. I'm sure it's neither legal nor in fact good business practice to make offers you simply renage upon, therefore, I will not be staying at the Argonaut in San Francisco but, I will be complaining further. I'm involved within the customer services industry in the UK where this would simply not be tolerated. A very sorry tale which leaves a bad taste for this traveller! I wish you better luck!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Mr.Mom
<Content>Arrived, hating it! Left, loving it! I did not want to stay at this hotel in this part of San Francisco. I'm a Four Seasons kind of guy where I know it is going to be safe, clean and kid friendly. Although not much character you usually know what you are getting with a Four Seasons or other upscale chain. My wife is the total opposite. She prefers character over luxury. So, I reluctantly agreed to stay at the Argonaut. The hotel is on a very touristy, crowded street. Quiet, it is not. The location if fine for everything around the wharf and even Lombard street is pretty close, but that's all. All other attractions are a bus, cable car, or taxi ride, away. The cable car station is accross the street from the hotel but get there early to avoid a long (1-2 hour) line. Just outside the hotel is the Cannery where outside every evening they have live music until 10PM. It was very loud in our room but not as loud as movie night on Sundays. They have an outdoor screening of a movie every Sunday and it is louder than the live music and it went on until 10:40pm. I thought the hotel was not kid friendly at all. No activities, pool, game room, gift shop or anything. Just a treasure chest filled with cheap little toys by the front desk. But so much for my opinion because our kids loved the hotel. The staff were very, very friendly and helpful. The concierge was Fantastic. The rooms are noisy from outside noise and adjacent rooms but its all part of the character. The rooms were not so small. They were very comfortable for a family of 4. It is a four star hotel and it truly felt like it was. I highly recommend this hotel. The next time we go to San Francisco we will not stay here only because I would like to try a different part of town. But for 1st timers this is a great place and we will stay here again. Some day. PS: ask about The Big Red Shiny Mack Fire Engine.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Puppysmoocher
<Content>A Wonderfully Unique Hotel Stay My husband and I traveled to the Argonaut Hotel with my parents, my husband's mother, sister, niece, brother and sister-in-law - plus our German Shepherd, Cleo, who is a service animal. We had three rooms, including a Bayview Suite, which comfortably slept 4 adults and one child (King-size bed in bedroom with rollaway and pullout sofa in the living room with a door separating the two spaces). This suite had a view of Alcatraz, the Golden Gate Bridge and Ghirardelli Square (Room #345). It also had a dining room table that easily sat 6 people and a refrigerator with enough room to add our treasures' that we brought back from our outings (chocolates, wines  doggy bags from various restaurants). The Jacuzzi tub in the suite's bathroom overlooked the bay with a separate shower area. At $770 a night, it would be a reasonable alternative for two couples interested in having more room to move about as well as the best view in the hotel. The King Bay-view room that my husband and I upgraded to, also had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Ghirardelli Square. The Cable Car turn-around was right outside our window in the park across the street (Room #322). Upon check-in I was told that this room was slightly larger than most and judging by the pictures I鈥檝e seen on this site, I think it's true. My parent's room with two full beds was a bit smaller but still had the same view as our room.Everyone from the bellmen to the front desk to the restaurant staff at the Blue Mermaid was exceptionally friendly as well as professional. With two older ladies in wheelchairs, a service dog, three rooms and two cars that needed to be valeted, we had quite a group! The Argonaut staff handled all of us with aplomb and ease. Our cars were always waiting at the curb together. The bellmen assisted both moms in and out of the cars and helped get the wheelchairs in and out of the trunks of the cars. Everyone enjoyed the wine reception in the lobby of the hotel each evening and the staff at the Blue Mermaid would happily pack up meals for some of our guests that didn't make it down to the restaurant for a meal (and deliver it to the room, if we asked). My favorite was the intimate little beer garden at the Blue Mermaid where they fired up their portable heaters when it got a bit chilly outside. On our last evening there, they were showing an old Hollywood movie outside while serving food and drinks. We mentioned how clever we thought it was and the manager told us they had just started doing that every Sunday night. A very nice touch!Check in and check out was a breeze. The rooms were spotless. The beds were extremely comfortable. Everyone that worked at the Argonaut seemed genuinely happy to be there and that was reflected in their smiles and willingness to help in any way they could.A+++, Argonaut!On a side note: the Argonaut Hotel allows pets, not just service animals. There is a great little park right across the street from the hotel where I walked Cleo each morning. There is also a little beach and a pier that was just perfect for an early morning stroll/jog. Pier 39 is only 6 blocks away - an easy stroll past shops and food and fun!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler111Stamford
<Content>Great Place and Worth the money My wife, teenage daughter and I stayed here at the end of July 2005. Overall, this is a great place with great location, beautiful decor, outstanding service and unique, spacious rooms (ours also had a direct view of Alcatraz and a glimpse of the Golden Gate Bridge).Employees are friendly and greet you when entering the hotel. Kevin, one of the bellmen, was probably the best service provider we have ever experienced. He was very funny, answered our questions and offered honest advice of places to see. We ate at the hotel restaurant, The Blue Mermaid, and found it to a charming room, with great service but with very average food. The major weak spot at the hotel was the concierge staff. They lacked basic knowledge of the area and seemed indifferent about helping us. As a result, we avoided them after interacting with 2 different members of the concierge staff on 2 different days. I found out later that the concierge group is outsourced to a private firm so the concierge employees are not actually employees of the Argonaut Hotel--it's too bad since they are well below the high service quality found elsewhere at the hotel.I wrote my comments on their feedback form and received a personal note a few days later thanking me for my comments--they clearly get the service concept.We would definitely return here-- it was worth paying more to stay here given the experience.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Orchardbank
<Content>Everyone is right about the Argonaut I read the reviews for this hotel before leaving for the US (with my wife and 2 daughters aged 14 and 10).I thought it cannot be that good, but it is!!Location,friendliness of staff,quality and value is all brill.My daughter loved the free msn messenger facility to keep in touch with her friends.Only downside was restaurent facilities -these really need to be improved however as there are plenty to choose from in the area it was not really a problem.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>topbanana123
<Content>Above average but nothing special First impressions were good - door staff were friendly, lobby was pleasant. The first room we were checked into was pretty claustrophobic, so we upgraded to one with a kingsize bed and a bit more space. The rooms are all equipped with a large TV and a DVD player.The fire alarm went off at 4am - no explanation or compensation was offered, nor even an apology. Give the staff's reaction at the time, I don't think this is uncommon.The attached diner / restaurant is excellent for breakfast and casual dining. They also supply room service.Cleanliness was excellent and there was no noise heard from other rooms or the corridors.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>singlemalt
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We were 2 couples in 2 rooms. Great hotel, friendly staff and helpful. It is located right in the Fisherman's Wharf area and you can walk everywhere. They do charge for valet parking as there is no other choice with the location of the hotel. Everday, at 5:00pm there is wine tasting - FREE! Each month is a different winery and from all over the world, not just Californian. Would definitely recommend it and will stay there again.Mike  the gang!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jsiaosi
<Content>We will return to the Argonaut, and visit other Kimpton Hotels       Nice Bay View  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>uryjm
<Content>Colour and Character       Fire Engine tour leaves from the Hotel  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! This is such a great hotel! It's very close to everything in San Francisco and the staff is extremely nice. The rooms are very unique and cozy. Can't wait to stay there again this year!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jimmyb01
<Content>Great Hotel       View from our room over to Alcatraz  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Loved the Argonaut!!!!! After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I decided to changed the hotel I had originally booked and booked the Argonaut. This hotel could not have been better. It was so clean, the people were so accommodating and we had a great time. The location is great! So close to everything you want to see as a tourist. We were interested in doing the electrical car tour around San Francisco and were delighted to see it was right at the Argonaut Hotel. This made our stay in San Francisco perfect and I would definitely recommend to anyone who would be interested to stay here. As you may find out, the Argonaut Hotel is a Klimpton owned hotel, if you go on the website they tell you they will match any price. I called twice to have our price readjusted and they were more than happy to do so. I really can't say enough about this hotel......  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paulrb
<Content>Good location, poor staff Had a great time at the Argonaut, kids loved the theme and the quality TV, DVD, cordless phone etc makes the place feel special. Location excellent for the wharf and getting about by trolley or cable car. Enjoyed the wine each afternoon and the fitness room was also very well equipped.Door men really great, Front desk staff ok, Concierge was curt to the point of rudeness when I enquired about a taxi, made me feel stupid asking, (although the in house directory tells you to) and then didn't follow up with any enquiries (trying to get taxi in the middle of the SF marathon route at 6 am with the road closed called for a bit of local knowledge - pity he didn't have any, or choose to share it. I heard another complaint about the same guy (whose name I didn't take) from other guests in the liftThis small bad experience didn't detract from a great hotel, but there seems to be a theme of poor quality Concierge service at the Argonaut.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluemoon1780
<Content>Argonaut is a beautiful hotel in a great location! Very nice hotel, staff is extremely helpful with directions, tips and suggestions. The location was good for walking to sights in the city and close to the cable car line. The area around the hotel was crowded with tourists being that it is so close to Fishermans Wharf, but the room was very quiet. Our room was comfortable and beautifully decorated in a nautical theme. I would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaskev
<Content>fun hotel for travelling with kids The Argonaut is a first-rate hotel in a great location - if you have kids. It is right near Ghiradelli (1 block) and a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. I wouldn't have stayed there without kids but the nautical decor, a bit over the top, was a hit with our boys and the location was great for fun, touristy things. Nob Hill or Union Square would be better suited to an adult vacation. The staff treated our kids like they were VIP's and even remembered their names! The doorman (nicknamed door dude by my son) was very friendly and helpful. The front desk staff couldn't do enough but the conceirge was a bit disappointing. I was surprised at how little they knew about the city. They could hardly answer any of our questions. When we asked for recommendations they were OK but I got the impression that everyone was sent to the same 3 restaurants. I asked for somewhere that was not touristy and they recommended a place at Fisherman's Wharf!The rooms were spotless and very comfortable although tiny in comparison with just about every other hotel I've been in. One person could hardly fit between the end of the bed and the wall. The washrooms had sliding doors that our kids got a kick out of - I guess it was suppose to make you feel like you are on a boat. The wine reception at 5-6pm was nice - complimentary glass of wine to relax with in the lobby or take to your room.We are walkers so we walked just about everywhere in the city but the cable car turnaround is just across the street from the hotel and the F line bus that goes to Union Square (much cheaper than the cablecars) is only two blocks away.This was a fun place to stay and I would have no trouble recommending it but I think I would pick a different, more central location next time. The Wharf is fun but you can only take so much of it!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic stay at The Argonaut We were extremely impressed with The Argonaut during our first visit to San Francisco in July 2005. The staff were helpful and pleasant, the decor was unique and eye-pleasing, the rooms were comfortable and had incredible theming, and the location couldn't be beat. Lots of extra touches that made a difference - evening wine reception, Starbucks coffee in rooms, DVD/CD player, great views, fully stocked mini bar, super comfortable bed, etc. The only annoying thing was when some drunk middle-aged man was in the hallway yelling in another language to other people in his group at about midnight, then proceeded to try several times to open our door with his key. (I ended up having to get up and yell through the door that this was NOT his room.) Still, not the fault of the hotel. We would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LuvsTaTravel
<Content>Great hotel. Great location We stayed at the Argonaut on July 8-10, 2005 with our two daughters. I usually stay on Nob Hill, but I wanted to stay near Fisherman's Wharf, since I thought there was more for my kids to do there. Thanks to the great reviews on this site, I chose the hotel for the location. The location was great. It is right across the street from Ghiradelli Square and across from the Maritime National Park. It is close to Fisherman's Wharf, but far enough away that you don't have to deal with all the riff raff unless you want to. It was very easily accessible to the public transportation. Just go across the street to purchase day or multi-day passes. The hotel was adorable - my kids particularly loved the cheetah bathrobes and the room was a good size, comfy beds and fine amenities. We ate breakfast in the adjoining resturaunt and the food was very good.Our room adjoined another room. The people in the other room were very very loud and obnoxious very early in the morning. We called the front desk, who said they'd call the neighbors, but they never did and the people never stopped the racket. I was not satisfied with the front desk response when I explained this to them upon checkout - however, after sending an email to the hotel, they made every effort to rectify the situation and make sure I was a satisifed customer in the end. They wound up giving me a $100 refund back on my credit card with a follow up note from the manager. This shows goodwill from the management team and shows that customer satisfaction is definitely very important to them..Word of note - the cable car end of line is right across the stree. The lines can take a VERY long time, so if you want to ride the cable car, walk up a few blocks and wait for the cable car. You can usually squeeze on then.We would definitely stay at the Argonaut again!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rude service I live in san francisco and I have been doing research on hotels for relatives coming in from out of town. I went to the concierge desk and asked about the hotel. The person behind the desk was very short and rude with me. He passed me on to the front deck. They were a bit better, but still did not have the time to address my questions. I was quite shocked as was my friend who was with me. I tried to call later and complain and they hung up on me. There are many other hotels in San Francisco, I would not choose this one.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressive! What can I say. I have stayed in a myriad of hotels across the States and this now has to be the best. Previous to this I have always rated the Hudson in NYC to be the top one but no longer. From the moment I arrived, the service of the staff as well as the hotel itself have been faultless.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Argonaut Hotel - Incredible Service and Views! The Argonaut Hotel is a fantastic new Hotel with the most incredible views in the City. The personal service from our arrival at the Front Entrance to the Front Desk, including the attention to detail in Housekeeping is definitely outstanding! The Hotel's Doormen are always pleasant and eager to assist and the Employees are focused on delivering excellent service to their guests. I will make sure that any future trips to San Francisco as well as that of my Employees and Friends always includes the Argonaut Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elsie44
<Content>Wonderful hotel! We stayed at the Argonaut on July 2, 2005. Absolutely loved this hotel! Everyone we encountered from the doormen to the front desk staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Light, bright, airy room that was very clean and comfortable. Despite facing a busy street, our room was quiet. Unique nautical decor. Great location next to Fisherman's Wharf and the cable car turnaround. Restaurant was okay (we had breakfast). Evening wine tasting was a nice touch. We thought this boutique hotel was a good value and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canal-lady
<Content>Bring your earplugs! noisy, noisy, noisy! small rooms where you hear all of what's going on in neighboring rooms and the hallway, never again!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gojadego
<Content>July 4th 2005 Stayed July 1-3 2005. Was a return guest and had expectations. As before arriving isn't the best experience for anyone with all of the people and cars by the hotel; but the porters were there to assist. I was travelling with 12 family members with several toddlers and we managed well. The hotel decor was nice, our room was dust-free clean and a great size for a SFO room. The adjoining restaurant is fair compared to other restaurant but is adequate for lazy travellers.Location is great however busy. Walking distance to the cable cars and Ghiradelli's can't be beat. The valet ($30'ish) charges per night is a bit much but similar to any big downtown garages; plus you definitely will have to circle the blocks to find that one in a million spot.Great place if you like to stay away from downtown; but it's just a 15 minute cable ride there. Only negative to the stay were some lit up people in the middle of the day being obnoxious. The Argonaut staff took care of it though.Will stay again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MARKLakeWorth_Fl
<Content>Argonaut is Fantastic!!!! We stayed here for 3 nights as a part of our honeymoon and totally loved it! The bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean and well appointed. The staff was friendly and eager to please and we found it to be a very well-run and full service establishment. From the excellent room service to the free lobby wine tastings daily, we were just blown away at all they offer. This is without a doubt the best place to stay on Fisherman's Wharf and one of the best in the city.Keep in mind that Fisherman's Wharf is very touristy and not for everyone. But honestly this hotel sits on the edge of the Wharf, not in the middle of it, and when you're inside the building you wouldn't know that you're on the Wharf anyway because it's so peaceful and nicely furnished. We thought of this as our base of operations from which to explore San Francisco. The doorman got us a cab anytime we needed to go somewhere, and the cable car turnaround is literally right across the street. We also found tons of great restaurants within an easy walk and caught the ferry to Alcatraz after only about a 10-15 minute stroll. One day we even walked over to the Presidio from here (about 2 miles but fun).This is a fantastic choice of lodging, we'd love to come back!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time My family and I spent June 25 through 27 at the Argonaut and loved it. We were steered here by the reviews on Trip Advisor and we knew we made the right choice. First of all is the location... right on Fisherman's Wharf and one block from the Powell and Hyde cable car stop. It is located towards the Golden Gate side of the wharf, near its end and away from the wharf bustle, but certainly close enough to enjoy everything. The hotel was spotless and the staff very attentive and personable. The only minor glitch was a slight delay in having our bags arrive to our room, but this was very minor. The hotel has a very nautical theme to it which we found charming. If a theme hotel is not your bag, then reconsider the choice, but reconsider with much hesitation. A recent review criticized how tacky the theme was. Well, considering that every site that lists the hotel (including its own web site) mentions the heavy nautical theme, the reviewer should have realized this before booking. You get alot for the price of the room and considering how expensive SF is, there is alot to be said for that. Although there is no pool or other significant child oriented stuff, my 11 and 8 year olds loved the hotel, especially for its nautical orientation. Kids are certainly not out of place in this boutique-style hotel. There is a restaurant on site which serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The food was fine, but a tad pricey.You definitely need to explore more of the wharf and the city to get better food. Parking is also expensive - forty bucks a day including tax, but parking is a premium in SF. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mdlex
<Content>Good Hotel for families I just got back from 3 nights at the Argonaut and had a wonderful time.My husband and I were there with our 2 children (7 yrs old and 22 month old). The room was nice but not spacious, not alot of drawer space for a family of four. Comfy beds with down comforters and pillows. Beautiful view of the bay. As others have mentioned the rooms were very noisy. We could here kids running in the hall and and in the rooms next to us. Also very noisy out on the street. We got the discovery awaits package that included breakfast at the blue mermaid, but we landed up spending $20.00 every morning anyway since the breakfast did not include juice. Juice was $5.OO a glass. We never got chocolates on our pillows as I had read on previous reviews but the children did get to pick a small toy out of a treasure box that had in the lobby by the check-in desk every morning. Great walking distance to everything!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ruffin
<Content>It was perfect for our family! We just returned from a 6-night stay at the Argonaut. It had been 30 years since I had been to San Francisco, and thus, was relying on reviews to determine where to stay. This hotel worked out perfectly for our family - my kids being 10 and 12 years old. It was small, yet very nice - with fun decorating touches. There was always someone at the door to greet and open the door for you. And the location worked out great for us - though Fisherman's Wharf is a mixed area of both junky places and nice places and a little crazy at night, we enjoyed waking up to a nice view of the water. Also, it was convenient for booking the Alcatraz tour and we did the electric car tour of the city which started at Fisherman's Wharf. We felt safe there and were able to give our kids the freedom to go the the internet room, for example, due to the small size of the hotel. I would high recommend it for any action-oriented family or couple. Oh, you can bring your dog, also! Very charming.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarajaneeee
<Content>What a great find I was on HOtwire and booked a hotel in San Francisco. I wanted something walking distance to Pier 39 and other tourist attractions. Boy did we find a great hotel. Its a Kempton Hotel called the Argonaut. It sits walking distance to everything! This was the nicest Hotel with all the right touches! It was a Nautical based theme. Everthing was perfect. They even had a wine reception!!! The room was wonderfully decorated right down to the toiletries. I would difinately stay at this Hotel again and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great deal. We sooooo enjoyed this hotel. The staff was also great.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fletchandsus
<Content>Wow From the minute we walked into the lobby and were greeted with a glass of wine, all I could say was WOW! This place is COOL! I wish we could have stayed more than one night, but we wanted to finish up a long wine country vacation with just one night of some really fresh seafood and sea air! This was the perfect hotel to end a perfect vacation!We promptly checked in to the hotel and received an upgrade to a king room with a view of the bay! (Highly recommended) The rooms was decorated in nautical style as is the entire hotel and was very spacious! Our view was FABULOUS! The bed...FABULOUS! The hotel staff...FABULOUS! Location....FABULOUS!!STAY AT THIS HOTEL! You can walk everywhere! Ghiradelli Sq is 1 block away! The Wharf.....your on it! Great restaurants EVERYWHERE! Shopping...everywhere! I will be back, and this time for a longer stay!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Service, and Luxury at the Argonaut       View next to hotel  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be careful if you confirm more than one room We've chosen over Ritz Carlton after reading this review. That was a big mistake. We checked in with 2-room reservation on Memorial Day weekend. They told me they only have 1 room reserved. I have asked for the manager and shown confirmation paper which he rejected saying Oh anyone can type that on a piece of paper. It was a computer print out of the travel agency. They insisted that they have to have reservation sheet in their format which we have no clue. (Be careful those guys booking thru internet or a travel agency!) After 2 hours of conversation nowhere to go, I've taken the room he said only one left. With almost 50% more than what we have confirmed. Oh, that was not an upgraded room, it was a simple, no view, interside, small room. We did not have any choice. He 'threatened' us by saying this is the beginning of holidays, the last one can be taken at any time and I am the manager and I decide.There is a continuation of this story. After checkin, I hooked my computer and checked rate in Expedia. It offered much lower rate. I went down stairs and told them to adjust the rate, which of course they didn't!I just wonder what if we stayed in Ritz Carlton... Would they have treated us this way? We believe the True Value can be revealed when there is a problem because that involves people. I don't recommend this hotel at all. If people choose this hotel, I hope they don't have any problem while staying there. Good Luck!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrAbruzzo
<Content>A Wonderful Stay Stayed here 5 nights and had a wonderful time. The hotel is located near Pier 47, which is actually quite good because while you are within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 with all of its shops and restaurants, you are far enough away from the hustle and bustle to enjoy a little serenity. The best part about this hotel is its staff. They are friendly, courteous and willing to help. They always have a smile and hello for you. The rooms are well apportioned and very clean. You have a decent sized bathroom and all the necessary amenities. Try not to get a room with an interior view. You are basically looking at empty space. It's pretty awful. We had a room with an exterior view overlooking the Cannery with both the TransAmerica Tower and Coit Hill in the background. For breakfast, I would recommend either Lori's Diner in Ghiradelli Square or Joanie's around the corner, both are within a five minute walk. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel, the Blue Mermaid. We had breakfast there the first morning. It was okay at best. The Powell-Hyde cable car turnaround is right next to the hotel. This will lead all the way down to Union Square. Mornings and early afternoon are the best time to catch a cable car from this location as the wait can reach excess of an hour later in the day and early evening. You might actually be better off walking down a stop or two and hopping on a car there then waiting in line. The cars tend not to leave fully packed. There are numerous restaurants in the area. I would recommend walking down Columbus Avenue toward Little Italy, there many restaurants and cafes well worth your time. San Francisco is a great city to visit and the Argonaut is an excellent place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over rated Just back from a 4 night stay at the Argonaut. Read the rave reviews and decided to try it. I have to say that I think it is hugely over rated. The nautical theme is taken too far and the room decor is over the top, bordering on Kitsch. As there are 2 adults and 2 teenagers in our family, I rang the hotel a couple of weeks before arriving to ask about a rollaway and was told that it could be requested and would cost USD20 per night. I was subsequently advised a week before arrival by our booking agent that the hotel could give us a room with 2 double beds but could not permit a rollaway. Our room was quite narrow, 2 double beds and very limited storage space, 1 closet and 2 drawers under the TV. Bathroom was quite small, made even smaller by their positioning the coffee maker beside the sink ! We had an interior view room, despite having booked a 'Deluxe' category roomWe had stayed at the Quality Inn Midtown in Toronto earlier in the trip and the room was at least 50% bigger and 50% cheaper than the Argonaut.Facilities are nothing to write home about either...the restaurant attached to the hotel The Blue Mermaid is quite nice, good food but not exactly easy on the pocket. Small bar in the restaurant.And I cannot understand how people rave about the location...sure you're on Fisherman's Wharf and there are a choice of restaurants but it is unbelievably tacky with so many souvenir shops and beggars in the immediate vicinity.All in all, a disappointment for what we paid.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in San Fransisco Stayed in The Argonaut on our honeymoon, everything was new, clean and well furnished - staff were really helpful and the hotel felt luxurious. Negotiate with the front desk - they gave us a discount. Checked into the Sheritan first and checked straight out - disgusting place - depressing rooms, in diar need of refurbishment and also very noisy (we were put in a room right by the bus station!).  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lloyds
<Content>Excellent Four Star Hotel In Fisherman's Wharf The plus points include a spacious room with safe, minibar, coffee maker, iron and hairdryer. Rather oddly the coffee maker is located inside the bathroom. There is an ice machine in the corridor.The decor is modern and new. Very clean. Wardrobe space is adequate. Bed comfortable.We had a bay view room with sofa(bed). You can see the bay - although the window is very small so the view is not that wonderful - particularly as they were rebuilding across the street while we were there.As others mention a real plus is a (free) wine reception every evening where you can talk to other guests and exchange views - or just drink the very pleasant wine.All the hotel staff we dealt with were courteous, helpful and efficient.Breakfast is taken in the adjoining restaurant attached to the hotel which is perfectly reasonable although some of the staff can be rather offhand.The location is around the corner from Ghiradelli Square and next to the Cannery shoping complex. Be sure to try Jacks Bar - 80 beers on tap for and great service. The downsides are:The rooms can be very noisy from both adjoining rooms/corridor and street noise outside. If you can try to get a top floor room (there are only 4 bedroom floors). We had a screaming kid next door to us which kept us awake all night - but to be fair to the hotel they did move us when we asked them to the following day. Also my wife cannot have dairy products - we tried to ask the restaurant if they had soy milk but were told they do not cater for special dietary requirements which was backed up the hotel - so you will need to supply your own special dietary needs.  This aside it is a first class hotel - our favourite from our California trip.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bring on the vino! We loved this place! The warm wine reception was the perfect antidote for a freezing San Francisco summer day of touring. It (wine reception) gave you a chance to mingle with the rest of the guests and we met some new friends. The location is perfect, along the lesser traveled Aquatic Park. Our kids liked the fun room decor; pretty cool pillows. Their restaurant's clam chowder was fantastic. All of the hotel's staff were so friendly. Marque the Bellman recommended we try out the Zeum at Yerba Buena Gardens and he was right. We all really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IllinoisApril
<Content>Everything was perfect! Wow, this hotel was such a great find! My husband and I booked our two night stay through their web site and got the 鈥淎 Discovery Awaits鈥?package which included the room, valet parking, breakfast, and two cable car passes. We had excellent service from the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out. For example, right after we checked in, I realized that I left my camera in our car. With one quick phone call, a staff member brought my camera to our room within 5 minutes! Our room was so cute and very tastefully done. Such a nice change from the standard hotel room. We had a pretty view of the cannery. Make sure you get a cannery, park, or bay view (for our package it was the same price as the interior room views). The bed was really comfortable. We did hear music outside our room but it was quiet by the time we went to bed. The location was perfect. We did the valet parking when we arrived and didn鈥檛 get our car until we left. We were able to walk to everything. Breakfast at the Blue Mermaid was good (included in our package). Overall, this hotel was fantastic and far exceeded my expectations. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigfatchad
<Content>Great Hotel!! We stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights in early June. The place was very very nice. Staff was great. Conveniently located. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>acw2632
<Content>Perfect hotel The Argonaut was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. The rooms were really cute. Ours had a terrific view of the bay. The staff was very helpful and friendly. It was easy to walk to all the attractions in San Fran. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! This hotel was outstanding. The staff, decor, service, and location was without equal.. A great experience at a reasonable price. You cannot go wrong here!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the decor This was our second trip to san fran we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel very spacious room, very accomadating staff especially the guys at the front door.The room was great and the aveda toiletries were lovely.Our daugher liked the daily gift from the treasure box at the front desk.The free wine tasting was great.The restaurant attatched to the hotel was not so friendly, the food was fine .The location of the hotel was great however we stayed at nob hill before and found it less noisey at night. The only complaint we had from my daughter who is 11, she was scared by the amount of tramps begging, she counted 147 all together and it did freak her out although she was perfectly safe it is a little off putting .Some friends of ours have said the same.We are from the uk and we have travelled America we love the country,however we have many tramps in our city aswell but they are policed and kept away from the shopping areas. The italian restaurant just across the road from the hotel is superb and a tip I had from a san fran lady on a past flight was to try the cheesecake factory above macey's ,out on the roof is good to sit and see the city there is a massive queue but it is worth it and the shops are great too. We also drove to monterey bay aquarium/carmel which was a lovely day out as we had done all the other sights on our pevious visit.Definately try the tram ,it is worth the queue if there is one.what an experience on the outside standing!!!!!good fun.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Laurainc
<Content>Perfect hotel and location       Bed was so comfortable  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pml
<Content>Great location and exceptional room Stayed at the Argonaut over the Memorial Day weekend with my wife and two young boys. Can't ask for a better location with lots of attractions and public transportation nearby. The room was large with a very comfortable bed. I filled out a survey, raised a minor point, and the manager personally replied. The hotel staff was very attentive. We had dinner and breakfast at the restaurant, the blue mermaid, and the food was excellent. A limited menu but well prepared food. I thought the price of $229 for a double queen deluxe room with a nice courtyard and transamerica building view was a great value. Clearly the best hotel in the area.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!!  My NEW husband and I stayed at the Argonaut hotel for our honeymoon the first week of May, 2005 for six days. The hotel was absolutley wonderful! The rate is one of the best in San Fran for the location, and was a wonderful deal. The location was great, within walking distance to all of San Fran's famous attractions, right across from Ghiradelli Square, and across the street from the Buena Vista Cafe (famous for their irish coffe....VERY GOOD). The staff was wonderful. They were able to set up tours for us, and were able to recommend very good restaurants. The room was VERY nice, we had a view of the courtyard at The Cannery and we were able to open our window and listen to the live music that played during the day. I would defenitley recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Francisco. It was a wonderul trip, and a wonderful hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>graemeoverton
<Content>Amazing. Best hotel in San Francisco!       Room Layout  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shekiniah
<Content>Everything was Perfect Great Location! Incredible view of Alcatrez  Golden Gate Bridge from room. Loved being able the walk to the Piers for dinner  shopping. Beautiful rooms  public areas. Highly recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TonyG5003
<Content>Fantastic Location, Great Service               More photos  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and loved it. The decor is over the top in a fun kinda way! We were in an inner room with no view, but we weren't bothered about this as we were out and about most of the time. The rooms were extremely comfortable and clean (I've never seen hotel bathroom tiles so white before). We found the staff friendly and helpful and we enjoyed the wine tasting hour ... a lovely way to end a full day of sightseeing.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cherik08
<Content>The Argonaut Is A Class Act My sister and I recently visited San Francisco for the first time and stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights. The hotel is located in Fisherman's Wharf with lots to do. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Several times I asked for directions and suggestions from the front desk staff and they spent alot of time with me drawing out routes and even printed directions for me. The hotel was immaculate throughout. Our room was decorated very nicely and we had a great view of Alcatraz Island. The Blue Mermaid Restaurant at the hotel had excellent breakfasts. We didn't get a chance to try dinner as we were out and about. San Francisco was a great city to visit and we would both love to return for another visit. We were very pleased with the hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greggchr
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice hotel located right beside Fisherman's Wharf. Very clean and great service. Only con is that it is difficult to reach by car since the hotel is located on a one way street that is packed with tourist out shopping and eating. I would stay again. Just wish there was an easy way to get to and fro the hotel by auto.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>matthew
<Content>Argonaut and SF Found this hotel very agreeable. Nice touch with the wine hour if you could make your way back to the hotel in time. Room was absolutely fine although no real view for us.Liked the loation as our first time to SF and the cannery bar next door had live music most of the time which we loved. It's not a cheap hotel but the service was fine (if not exceptional) and had 3 good nights sleep with not too far to go to anywhere. Only one minute walk to the queues for the trolley turnaround' and about 12 mins walk to pier 39 and all the touristy things (sea lions) there.Made San Francisco one of our best memories from our RTW trip.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice place Trip date: 5/17 through 5/19. Overall a very nice hotel with a funky nautical decor. Great service with only two problems. The concierge (several) was not very helpful. They tried to be, but were unable to confidently suggest a quaint quality restaurant off the beaten path. They also sent us to a marginal place for breakfast (?name) when there was a GREAT place right next door we discovered on our own (Buena Vista with an OUTSTANDING crab omlette and locally famous Irish coffee). We found the doormen (and particularly Big John) to be more helpful than the concierge. John directed us to Izzy's for steak and it was wonderfu. Low key, quaint and fun. Excellent steaks. The second minor problem was with the laundry service. They were unable to locate our order for several hours. They did, however, put in significant effort and it was likely just a fluke. Also, wine reception wine was marginal.Other than that the place was very enjoyable. Great location etc. We would not hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SethE
<Content>TripAdvisor comes through. What a great find!       View from Room  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>valpo
<Content>Cute hotel that has a few problems.. My husband and I stayed here in March for 4 nights. The place is as cute as a button and the location is fabulous. We booked a Bay view room for our stay.However upon check in we were told that they did not have any bayview rooms available and we were put in a room on the ground floor overlooking a dumpster. We were very upset and the staff at the hotel could care less. After 2 nights they did switch us to a Bay View room with no apology or monetary correction. Be careful what you wish for because the second room had paper thin walls that were the worst I had ever experienced. Beware!!!!!!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mimiluk
<Content>Fabulous Find We stayed at the hotel for $220/night and couldn't believe the location, service and great atmosphere. 5pm happy hour with wine tasting and staff that was on par with some of the 5 stars we've stayed at. We asked for late check out and they were more than accomodating even though we went an hour over the allowed overstay. Food at the restaurant was great too. Definitely coming back!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chughes_NJ
<Content>Not quite what I expected We stayed for 3 nights at the Argonaut as the last leg of our honeymoon. I chose this hotel based on the reviews. I am an Architect and was intrigued by the fact that this was a former cannery building remodeled with original beams left exposed. We made it clear that we were on our honeymoon and asked if we could have a room with a view. We were told that the hotel was full so they couldn't upgrade us. Our room had absolutely no view. When you opened the blinds you saw a roof below and an exterior wall about 15 feet away. It was almost claustrophobic. We didn't recieve any complimentary surprises in our room as others have stated for being on our honeymoon. The decor was just like the pictures and you could buy any of it for a hefty price...that is if you really want a shower curtain in your home that says Argonaut Hotel on it...And I'm sorry but what was with the leopard print robes?? Ours were very tattered and I didn't get the nautical connection there at all. The staff was friendly and helpful. We did not eat in the restaurant but went to Scoma's instead for fantastic seafood. The concierge helped us book two great sightseeing trips to Muir Woods and Montery/Carmel. We also did the Alcatraz day time trip which was really interesting. Fortunately we had beautiful weather and didn't have to spend a lot of time in the closed-in room. Ride the cable cars...it's a thrill!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Pleasant Surprise We have all seen the nice staged pictures of hotels online - and more times than not, they do not measure up. However, the Argonaut was EXACTLY like the pictures and description and more. The rooms were larger than SF standard. The beds, linen, cleanliness were impeccable. Having a second window would have been nice. The rooms were quiet. The wine hour was delightful. Location was convienent - and not in the throes of the typical 'Fisheman's wharf' tshirt shops etc. A classy, comfort, pleasant hotel. The concierge department could use some assistance..but they can at least guide you if you new to the area.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel - not sure of the location The Hotel was really very nice - decor was a little weird but the room was very comfortable. The beds are awesome. The only thing we did not like was the location. While there are a ton of great restaurants near by, the night life was not great.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UsaTakemeaway
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back today from a three night stay at the Argonaut Hotel. I would definetly recommend a visit here. The bed was so comfortable! Very clean too!! The staff went out of their way to make our stay a memorable one. We didn't eat at their restaurant so I can't comment on that. However, the wine at 5:00 was a nice touch. This hotel is in a good location - far end of the wharf - so you don't need to do that touristy stuff if you don't want to. The cable car is just out the door, as well as Ghiradelli Square. We rented bikes from the bike shop nearby and rode over the Golden Gate to Tiburon and ferried back. Columbus Street has lots of restaurants and is an easy walk. No need for a car.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay We have just come back from 2 weeks in California and started our holiday with 3 nights in the Argonaut.Fantastic hotel and couldn't have asked for more really. Clean, friendly and everything was in walking distance so didn't need a car.Really enjoyed our stay and would come again but for longer next time as San Francisco is such a wonderful city.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful end to our Honeymoon We stayed at the Argonaut Hotel as part of our honeymoon. I booked this hotel on the recommendations read on tripadvisor. originally we were going to book the Sheraton fisherman鈥檚 wharf - wow that was a narrow escape!! The argonaut completely lives up to the reviews on here - we loved it. This was a wonderful boutique style hotel, I loved the decor - on reading reviews you could begin to imagine the whole thing might be tacky but it was fun while still being tasteful and modern. The mix of modern with old really works; I loved the sitting area with the open fire. The staff were so helpful and catered to our every need, they presented us with wine and chocolates as a congratulations on arrival, a small touch that made us feel very special. The aveda products in the bathrooms were also a nice touch. Although I must say I was a little shocked to see my new husband sporting a leopard skin towelling robe - very sexy!!We had vouchers for the restaurant for breakfast and this was perfect before we set off on our sight seeing, again this had the nautical/ fishy theme.We loved San Francisco and I can't wait to go back. It was laid back city with lots to see and do. Getting around by the old trams was lovely and we were very lucky with beautiful weather. We loved North Beach - lovely cafe/bars to people watch and Alcatraz is an absolute must! We booked before hand as it gets really booked up.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Golden Hotel            
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't agree more... with all of the excellent reviews. Was so glad that we checked the reviews on this site first. The hotel lived up to all of the glowing reviews given by others. Only one complaint. We had booked a king smoking room and when we arrived were placed in a non-smoking room with 2 queen beds. However, they did allow me to smoke in the room without an extra cleaning charge and the room was larger than the king interior room and had a view that the other did not. Would have preferred the king bed but still could not complain. The complimentary wine reception - awesome! Hope to make it back some day. And we, too, loved the nautical theme.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Balto
<Content>Argonaut good location and value for money We just returned from San Francisco we stayed 6 nights with my Wife in Argonaut Hotel. What is very good? -Location, closed to the harbour and the cable car station is just in front the door. In my view Argonaut is better located than Orchard hotel, you can easily get to Union Square, and you are closed to the beach. We had Dinner in the centre, and we jogged in the morning to the golden gate! Any San Francisco Must is within 20 minutes distance with MUNI or 60 minutes by walk. Walking is the best way to discover and feel San Francisco. -Enough space for 2 with a nice bathroom -Very quiet and nice room : we have a room with the bay view at the second floor, no noise; we did not hear our neighbours -Very comfortable bed, we feel at homeWhat should be improved? -Complimentary wine hour, 5 to 6 Pm is too early, we never succeed to come back to the hotel for this ! Last day we arrived at 6:05 and the guy said sorry it is closed ! -Pc internet access in the lobby! 2 PC for 252 guest rooms, and only one worked, don鈥檛 forget your laptop! I recommend taking a package rather than a guest room alone . Package represents a good value for money. We paid $209 per night for a room of 250 square feet, with bay view and American breakfast for 2. A MUNI transport pass was also included in the price. Overall, I would say I will come back again in this hotel next time I visit San Francisco  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Getzmrt
<Content>What a find! We spent three nights at the Argonaut April 9-12. It was wonderful! The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable for a family of four. The location is also incredible - we could see the Golden Gate Bridge, the cable cars and Ghiradelli Square from our window. It was a picture, postcard view! We loved walking along the water, to Fishermans Warf, Pier 39 and the Embarcadero. The hotel is even walking distance to North Beach. We had tickets to the Giants game and were given great directions for the buses. We also enjoyed having internet access in the lobby. My husband and son were able to keep track of their fantasy baseball leagues. We will always plan to stay here while in S.F.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eadeser
<Content>Great start to holiday Great location for a short stay, on the sea front so 5 mins away from fishermans wharf and ferry to alcatraz.We stayed there for the first 3 night of 16 night holiday taking in San F, Monterey,Santa Barabara, LA, San Diego, Grand Canyon 7 Las VegasHotel was really clean, and staff friendly, only critism was our room overlooked a courtyard where live musician played until 8pm, which was good sometime but noisey when trying to get a quick afternoon napFree Wine tasting (aka free glases on wine for a hour of the same bottle of wine every day) was good start to the nightWe aslo hired bikes just outside the hotel, for which we could cycle over the golden gate bridge and over to a couple of quiant bay side towns and catch the ferry back. A good day/ 1/2 day if you fancy something different  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel lives up to it's reviews We booked this hotel for our first trip to San Francisco, based on the previous reviews of the hotel on this site. We were not disappointed - the rooms are really lovely (although the decor is a bit OTT) and very comfortable. Don't expect a Bay view if you book through a cheaper internet deal though!We were welcomed by very friendly staff and a bottle of wine in our room - compliments of the management to celebrate our wedding anniversary!The location of the hotel is excellent - it is very near the Cable car stop, the F-line trams and a couple of bus stops. The hotel also had complimentary internet access in the lobby which was really handy and a wine tasting hour every evening between 5 and 6!!In summary if you are going to SF for a holiday/vacation then stay in this hotel it is FAB!  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect Simply delightful! A great place to stay as it is unique in its decor, friendly, comfortable and in a great location, close to the park, trolly and is quieter than most hoels due to its location. The rooms are cute and the house coats in their animal print a good laugh .... nice laugh not a critcal one. The staff are more than helpful, lots of fun and even have a sense of humor. The lobby ties the entire place together, even the animal print housecoats. Great atmoshere .... hats off to the owners and staff they really have captured something wonderful and greatly appreciated by us travellers!!!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow... Wow -- what a great place. The location was great for anyone who's in SF to do the tourist thing. Service was incredible, room was wonderful, beds were comfortable. Loved the little touches, like the complimentary wine tasting every day. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ranger
<Content>Cannot fault it! Selected this hotel after a search through all of the previous reviews and we were delighted. Rooms were exactly as shown in the pictures and some nice touches provided included the free internet access in the lobby and the evening wine tasting. We had a slight problem with our laundry collection but that was easily resolved by the Manager Thomas ???? who was an excellent host.We had two duaghters with us 15 and 17 and they loved the place, although there is no pool. If you are familiar with the game Myst, you will also be taken by the decor. Everything looks to be straight from the mstical land covered by the game and it sets a lovely theme.You would not be disappointed. We will definitely return sometime on our next visit from Scotland.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SupplyTeacher
<Content>A Superb Hotel I stayed at the Argonaut with my 80 year old Mother in law and we had a fantasic time. Our twin bed sea facing room was superb, it was so comfortable. The staff at the hotel were very helpful at all times, finding cabs, church times ,restaurant reservations etc. The conceirge was especially helpful when we discovered that our pre-booked transport to the airport was not going to arrive until after our flight took off! This was due to many roads being closed for The Bay to the Bridge run. Transport was arranged and we made our flight to Hawaii. Breakfast was an experience each day, they made it fun, the wine tasting was also not to be missed!I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LAWheels
<Content>An Enjoyable Stay at the Argonaut My wife and I, along with her parents, stayed at the Argonaut for 4 nights in March of this year. I was traveling on business while the rest of the folks were playing tourist. The staff of the hotel was helpful and friendly during our stay. Despite our late check in (11 p.m.), everything went well with the bellman, valet parking ($36 per night, not including tax) and the front desk staff. Also, they gave us a late check out at 1:30 p.m. without a hassle.The rooms featured a nautical theme, which was somewhat SpongeBob Squarepants in appearance but it's all new so it was fine. The rooms aren't wide at about 10' across but they are deep. Our rooms looked out over the Cannery, which was okay. Interior rooms, however, would have a view of a wall with windows in it about 20' away. We'd recommend that you get an outer room, if possible.The hotel was quiet at night, which was a surprise given the number of kids and families that were there and the outdoor activity at the Cannery (restaurants and shops). The bed was quite comfortable and ranked right up there as one of the most comfortable hotel beds that I've slept on. The hotel offered high-speed internet access as well as a fairly comfortable chair and desk set up. The family tried the hotel restaurant for breakfast but it turned out to be a disappointment. We'd recommend that you eat out while there. The surrounding area has a bunch of restaurants of varying quality (Starbucks is nearby, too). For dinner, Scoma's is a good, but pricey, alternative.The first morning there, I exited the hotel and looked for a cab but there were none in sight. The doorman then informed me that a complimentary shuttle was available for trips downtown from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. The shuttle turned out to be a chauffered Lincoln town car that was available on a first-come, first-serve basis. This came at a complete surprise to me. I used this service two of the three mornings that I was there and it was great. From a wheelchair-accessibility standpoint (my wife is in a wheelchair full-time), the hotel is quite accessible. The front entrance is flat as is access to the front desk and the room itself. The hotel has two large elevators. The room was accessible as well. The bathroom was large and featured a roll-in shower that was as good as you'd find anywhere. It had grab bars and a fold down seat. The hotel also offered (on request) a small, portable shower chair, which turned out to be more stable than the one that we brought with us. The toilet was raised, per ADA standards, and there were grab bars around it. The sink was wall-hung so the wheelchair was able to scoot under it with no problem. On the downside, the carpet in the room (and in the hallways) has a thick pad underneath so my wife had difficulty in moving around the room under her own power. In addition, the bed was too high so transfers were a little dicey. As for the surrounding area, Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 are wheelchair accessible but, once you head inland, it's all uphill (it's SF). We were able to make it uphill for one block but did not try to make it up the next steep hill to Ghiradelli Square. There was a lift in a garage that, supposedly, was able to get you up to the garage elevator (which would then take you up to the Square) but there was no call button nor was it manned by anyone. If you want to tour additional areas of SF by wheelchair, a car rental or accessible taxi would be the way to go from this hotel.All in all, we found the Argonaut to be an excellent choice for both business and pleasure and would recommend it for visitors to SF. The price of our rooms was cheaper than what you'd find in most other quality hotels in the city so it was a good value. Just remember that it is in the most touristy area of SF so you get both the benefits and the negatives of that activity.My apologies for the long-winded review but I thought I'd get as much info as I could out for fellow travelers.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SuzInAZ1950
<Content>Pretty Great Room We just returned from our stay at the Argonaut over the weekend (4/15-17), and must say, we will return again next year. We chose the Argonaut this time because of its location at the Wharf - most everything we do is in this area, and we didn't want to waste time and money traveling from a hotel outside the area. Unlike the other viewer, one of the reasons I chose the hotel was because of the nautical theme - something definitely out of the ordinary. As far as Disney looking, I've stayed in Disney hotels and they are cramped and ridiculously priced, and not half as cute. We didn't have sticker shock over the price of the room, I guess because we live in Phoenix where rooms in season are well over $500. We got a king bay view room, and were also placed in the wrong room when we checked in (we checked in with Vaughn), but as soon as we called the front desk, they were extremely courteous about putting us in the correct room. The view wasn't all that great, looking out on a construction site which was definitely not the Argonaut's fault. On the other hand to have A GREAT VIEW, we could have stayed at The Inn Above Tide on Sausalito, but those prices are astronomical. Disregarding the construction site, we enjoyed our view on Jefferson Street, and would pick this room again.Our bay view room had a couch and ottoman, which we thought was terrific. So nice just for relaxing after a hard day of walking and shopping. We appreciated the wine-tasting hour, although we missed it both nights. I also liked the Aveda products as I use them, and therefore didn't have to bring mine.Another thing I liked was the couches  comfy chairs in the lobby. Checkout was at noon, and after we had lunch, we had several hours to kill before taking our limo to the airport (we in fact used the Argonaut's limo instead of calling our rental company). There are chaise lounges as well and even though I didn't think the lounges were terribly comfortable, the huge chairs made for a great nap!I only have two negative things to say and neither of them are deal breakers on staying again...there were no free premium t.v. channels such as HBO. Even at cheaper hotels, you normally get this amenity. TV was just the normal cable faire which wasn't too thrilling. The 2nd item was just annoying - after our room had been made up (early in the day), we came back, got comfy for the night and heard a knock on the door - my husband had to get dressed only to find it was staff wanting to check the honor bar - we were none too happy, and told him to come back later. This is something that could have been checked when they made up the room. In fact, it should have been done as they were making up the room. We didn't use the honor bar but we did bring in our own wine, and so far haven't received any type of charge because the staff thought we were using theirs.As always we enjoyed dinner at Scouma's (the Shellfish Saute is wonderful and there's so much food you can't possibly eat it all); we took the ferry to Sausalito for the day (great art galleries and shopping); walked to Pier 39 (more great shopping), and had a fabulous dinner on Friday evening (as suggested by the concierge) at Ana Mandara at Ghiradelli Square. This is a French-Vietnamese fusion restaurant with live music (very subdued), wonderful ambience, and food that will knock your socks off. Try the Vietnamese Crispy Rolls (appetizer), the Banana Blossom Salad with Chicken and Grapefruit (to die for); the Organic Baby Greens with Ginger Dressing is also wonderful. My husband had the Roasted Duck Breast with Tamarind Sauce and Poached Banana Blossom, and I had the Spicy Garlic Prawns (they weren't hot-spicy at all) with Tamarind Sauce  Corn Cake (beware, you only get 4 prawns) and the dish was $28.00! Skip dessert, and get the Vietnamese Coffee - it's dessert in a glass.We are used to the prices in California (and elsewhere) and know that eating out is just plain expensive. We did get coffee at Starbucks around the corner from the Argonaut, had Irish Coffee at Buena Vista (across from Starbucks) and also had breakfast at the Buena Vista because they were supposed to have bountiful breakfasts. Well we spent over $30, and the breakfast was anything but bountiful! The Irish Coffee, though, was terrific and I don't like whiskey.We had dinner in the Blue Mermaid (restaurant in the Argonaut) on Saturday evening because we were just too bushed to go anywhere else. I had the Crab Louis salad and my husband had their fish/chips (skip this dish). We started off with an appetizer of calamari, and the dish was so huge, we should have quit with that. My salad was also quite large, although a tad salty for my taste. The wait staff were very nice and helpful.All in all, I'd say our annual trip to San Franciso was a hit and made memorable by the Argonaut - we've already marked the date for next year, and will be returning.A note about the weather - San Francico's weather can be hit or miss, and of course, when you're near the water, it's always cooler. Last year we were there in March, and it was warmer than this year, 45 days later. Next year, I think we may try for May. It was only in the high 50s yesterday, and we were not prepared (only having light blazers).  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great hotel We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Argonaut, and I really cannot fault it. I would definitely recommend paying extra for the bay view as some rooms look out onto a closed courtyard and have no view whatsoever. Our room was spotless. The room service was good, though expensive. The concierge was very helpful.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cherylstar
<Content>Just as Trip Advisor said it would be       Lobby of Argonaut  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dave9956
<Content>Very nice but not perfect There are many well-written reviews of this hotel here. We found the service to be superb and staff very friendly. It really is a neat theme type hotel located in a wonderful area. It's next to the cable cars and a short walk from Pier 39.It falls short of the best hotels due to noise. The walls are very thin. We ended up next to a loud family of kids and it felt like they were in our room. I prefer to relax in my room while traveling and it was hard to do. The exterior rooms are great, but get one off the road. Our second floor room was right on the outside sidewalk -- more noise. The view is great and we were here on a busy Saturday (which I'm sure adds to the noise).Make sure you get a package that includes the $36 parking.Amenities are excellent including Aveda products. The bed was extremely comfortable and TV was a Sony, nicer than most hotels.I would stay here again, it's really a very unique hotel with excellent service.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, great hotel Stayed for 4 nights, 3 of us including a 15 year old daughter. Excellent service and help from all staff, the quality of cleaning was superb. The wine tasting hour is a great touch and certainly helps to relax you after a day sightseeing.The location is great with easy access to the city by cable car (although cars can be busy on the way back).We didn't use the restaurant as we thought it was expensive, but there are a number of places to eat nearby. Starbucks is on the corner which is great for breakfast (although in SF where isn't it on the corner). The Wharf area is OK, but dominated by tourist shops.One of the highlights was hiring bikes from Blazing Saddles (in the same block) and cycling over the Golden Gate to Tiburon and catching the ferry back, even though I hadn't cycled for years, this was great fun.Would definately recomend it to anyone staying in SF.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>free wine splendid hotel free wine 5-6 every night manager and staff treated you like a queen will stay again soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>austxmtp
<Content>Questionable Style, Bogus Ranking My partner and I are very fond of Kimpton properties, especially their knack for picking historical venues to re-do and make into special hotels. This property is not like many of the others. The design looks almost Disney-ish and is over the top with regard to the nautical theme, so be prepared. I would guess you either hate it or love it. We hated it.But beyond the issue of design taste, there appears to be a larger issue with service and attitude here that we rarely have seen at other Kimpton hotels. We had booked a weekend of three nights in a deluxe bay view room with a king bed, paying an additional 100 bucks for the benefit. When we got to our room it had two queen beds so we knew we got put in the wrong place.Upon returning to the front desk we met Mason, who told us that we had paid for the view and not the bed configuration, and that he could put us in a king bed the second night. Bad form. So we said we'd be willing to do that, however we didn't expect to pay the upcharge for a room that wasn't what we had booked. The view is nothing if you are cramped in a bed smaller than what you have at home. Mason asked us if we had booked on Expedia as if we had made some second-rate reservation. We booked directly with Kimpton, so this was not the case, though we noted the show of attitude. Surprisigly bad... Thus began about 30 minutes of arguing, Can we see your manager..., etc. - you know the drill... We checked out soon there-after.Long story short, they never apologized for the mixup even one time. Never once said I'm sorry. They acted like it was our mistake, and their official statement was that they do not guarantee bed type no matter what you paid for. I showed him my reservation and the fact that it said plainly Deluxe King room with a Bay View... It didn't seem to matter to them that we had it in writing. In fact if you do look on sites like Expedia or Travelocity - that is what you will find even today. When you have it in an email from Kimpton and they don't honor it...this is a reason to never stay with them again.There is no way the Argonaut shoud have a number 2 ranking on TripAdvisor. This just isn't a classy San Francisco property or experience. I have this advice to the web-inclined for travel; If the place looks tacky in a little 72 dpi photo...well guess what - it only get's worse.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>drumillar
<Content>Perfect start to our Honeymoon!!! What can I say, 5 stars easy. Coming from Scotland my new wife and I arrived tired but very happy at the door. Being our first time in the US we weren't to sure about tipping and forgot the Doorman after he'd taken our bags out of the boot and passed them to a bellboy. Caught up with later to say a proper thanks.First impressions were wonderful decor is bright and welcoming with a roaring fire in the lobby under the wonderful clock. This is where they have nightly wine tasting, apparently a different winery every month.We were only staying here for the first three nights of our honeymoon, but oh how we wish we could of stayed longer.Fantastic location and great staff made everything so good. We especially would like to thank Lane one of the Concierges, she was absolutely brilliant and helped me organise several little surprises for my new wife even before we got there.Also little touches like the leopard skin style dressing gowns/house coats?? and the umbrella in the room which you can buy if you want were things we'd love to see in the UK.Room was spacious and looked out on the trolley turnaround and we could even see one end of the GG Bridge. Bed was delightful, so comfortable it was hard to get out of it.Finally thanks to the Argonaut for even providing lovely Scottish rain for us for our stay??? We'd of loved California sunshine but who cares when you can stay in a place like this??  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We booked this hotel as a result of the excellent tripadvisor reviews it had received and we are glad to report they were accurate!!We stayed in a bayview room which had a superb view,overlooking the Hyde Powell Cable car turnaround and the Golden Gate Bridge.The staff were very helpful and friendly and the room was spotlessly clean. We really enjoyed the evening wine tasting and would have no hesitation in staying again  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ditto all the great reviews below!!! Rather than repeat all the previous reviews, I will just say that this is a great hotel, great location, clean rooms, and great service!Just a little background of who I am and why I went there that might help you compare your needs and desires when considering this hotel.We wanted a weekend getaway with my kids, boy-8 and girl-6. Me I am a 40 yr old self employed enterprenuer in the automotive design industry. I like hi-tech, good design, descent service and presentation. This hotel satisfied all that. I don't need to be waited on hand and foot (fetch my ice for me please) nor do I demand it because I am a guest.... I expect that if I am a descent human being and treat others similarly, that they will do the same for me. I only say this because SOME... NOT ALL of the less favorable reviews, on this site in general, maybe coming from these demanding kind of people.... the spoiled rotten.My kids and I just like to go places and see cool things. This location offered just that. Being by the water and w/in walking distance to many sites and attractions, this hotel was perfect for us. One thing we did that I would recommend if you can afford it, was we rented the lil electric car and went for a cruise around the city on one of their preplanned, gps guided, routes. Kids loved the open feel of the car too. Not the most powerful thing on the planet but perfect for a leisure cruise. The route we took was the 1 hour deal that took us to the base of the Golden Gate Bridge and down Lombard (famous crooked, twisty road) over to Coit Tower. Great veiws along the way and some cool runs up and down the hills of SF. AND the car does make it up the steepest of hills.... even though it didn't feel like it would.... phewCable car is right next door too. WARNING.... This one is a crap shoot in that going f/ the hotel is easy since you board at the beginning of the line, getting back is not. Many of the cars, on the return route, were packed full of tourists. This was only the middle of April too.... hate to see what it would be like during peak season. Also, weekends are WAY MORE congested than weekdays. Try a weekday morning early afternoon for a better chance at getting back to the hotel. An alternative on the weekends is that there are limos, running the same route as the cable cars, who will offer you a ride back to the hotel or Fisherman's Warf area for the same price as a cable car fare ($3.00 / person 5 yrs +). Beat the heck out of walking!!!! and the kids dug the 6 passenger stretch.That's pretty much it.. .the rest is a walk away.... Fisherman's Warf, Pier 39 (lot's of shops and restaurants) to the right as you exit the hotel and Ghiradelli Sq and cable car to the left and some old boats and stores straight ahead. If you want a nice clean place to stay.... a true 4 star property, then the Argonaut is your place to hang in SF. Enjoy! Got any questions.... email me and I'll be happy to answer. Oh... one last tip... have the doorman hire you a towncar to SFO (or other airports). For $5 bucks more than a cab.... it is a much nicer way to depart on your way home or wherever.... yup.... only $5 bucks!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>John_in_UK
<Content>OTT nautical theme! Stayed here for 1 night at the end of our trip. It's at the quiet end of the Fisherman's Wharf, where tacky souvenir shops give way to open spaces and greenery. Our standard room was a generous size with a comfortable bed  a ludicrously sized nautical mirror  was furnished to a high standard. The exposed brick  beams give real character to the rooms. The wine reception was a lovely feature but, as others have noted, it was sad to clearly watch people walk in from the street, help themselves, and walk out again. The room was pretty noisy - not only the music from the Cannery courtyard (during the afternoon) but unusually so from corridors and adjoining rooms.We stayed here  at The Orchard near Union Square. Both are great hotels but for a holiday exploring the city I would much prefer to stay at The Orchard (which is close to all major transport links around the city) and take the fun cable car ride to Fisherman's wharf than to base myself here.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>creto
<Content>Unprofessional It's a real shame that the Argonaut is probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at, but upon checkout we were charged an additional $21.00 for beer. Apparently the cleaning staff noticed empty beer cans in the room and assumed that we had taken them out of the minibar, which we didn't open even once during our stay. We bought beer at a local market and brought it back to our room. We explained this to the staff when we checked out, and they told us that they would remove this bogus charge, but when I got my credit card bill, the charge was still there. Most hotels have a better way of keeping up with what's taken out of minibars. My suggestion is that if you stay at the Argonaut and don't plan to use the minibar, return your key to it immediately. Don't get caught in their trap.I paid enough just to stay at this hotel, and to be charged even one penny extra is an insult. But to be lied to by the hotel staff goes beyond thunderdome.And a word to the cleaning staff: I left you a generous tip because I thought you did such a great job cleaning the room each day. However, because of you, I will never leave a tip again in a hotel room, and believe me, I will never stay at the Argonaut again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>1	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aims to Please-Right on Target We arrived April Fool's Day. From the very moment my 12 year old daughter and I stepped out of the shuttle, every staff person we bumped into welcomed us in. We happened to arrive during the wine reception which was a really relaxing way to start my vacation. Everyday we came back to the hotel for the reception to give ourselves a break from our day. I drank my glass of wine and met other guests while my daughter kept in touch with her friends on one of the computers in the lobby. I have never hung out in a hotel lobby before but their's was very comfortable and inviting. You cannot beat the location of the hotel. It is close to EVERYTHING but most importantly it is at the end of the street where it is less crowded. You can walk to the wharf, the piers (to get to Alcatraz and other cruises), Chinatown, North Beach, the Exploratorium (a little longer walk). Our favorite activity? Riding bikes from Fisherman's Wharf and over the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito and then taking the ferry back. Beautiful ride!I cannot write a review without mention of Mason who was our guy at the front desk. He took care of us from the moment we walked in-extremely courteous. My daughter made sure she said goodbye to him as we left. He left such an impression on us that she made sure she got his picture too.Give him a raise!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tetheredincolorado
<Content>Very solid hotel! Our family of 4 stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights. My husband then stayed there for a meeting for another 2 nights after the rest of us returned home. THE GOOD/GREAT:The location absolutely cannot be beaten! It is within EASY, flat, walking distance to everything Fisherman's Wharf has to offer (Ghirardelli Square, Alcatraz, Pier 39, the Hyde Street turnaround for cable cars, the Cannery, and numerous cute restaurants and shops.).The architectural detail and interior design is fun, unique and very nautical. As it is located in a renovated, brick, warehouse built many, many years ago. The room we had contained 2 thick, wooden, original, ceiling/wall support beams. The exterior wall was also made of the original brick. The wall paper, fixtures and furnishings were bright and elegantly fun. It was very unique and wonderful for a hotel room.Our room faced east and overlooked the attractive courtyard of the Cannery. There was live music going on from noonish- about 7 or 8:00 each day. As our windows did, in fact, open (another plus in my book!) we felt like we had our own entertainment.Taxis were easy to hail from the entrance.The GOOD/AVERAGE:As the hotel is really a large rectangle with a rectangular, courtyard on the interior, 1/2 of the rooms are on the interior and look out onto the other interior rooms. The bottom of the courtyard is actually just the ugly roof of the lobby. My husband found this out when he switched to a kingbed room after the rest of us left. So, if you want the effect of the very cool, brick outer wall and any kind of view, request an EXTERIOR facing room.The bellmen seemed a little overwhelmed. They were very polite and took our luggage as soon as we got there which was WELL before check-in time. They did, however, sometimes seem not to be attentive in terms of seeing us coming and opening the doors for us. In fact, sometimes they were all so busy trying to get people's cars for them that there were none there at all...and forget about them hailing a cab for you. That's YOUR job.Parking was a whopping 36 dollars per day PLUS another $5.95 parking tax which they don't tell you about. Yes, San Francisco is expensive, but just parking at the hotel cost more per day than our full sized rental. That annoyed me sort of in the same way that WAY overpriced hotel restaurants annoy me. There's just a point where the price just seems unreasonable and like a slap in the face....but I digress.... Count on 15-30 minutes for the valet's to get your car from wherever it is that they park them. Apparently, it was BLOCKS away. This delay was consistently the case for us. They did, in all fairness however, warn us to expect 15 minutes.All in all, I'd be hardpressed to stay elsewhere in San Francisco. No place is perfect, but the Argonaut is wonderful!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Arganaut I stayed at the Arganaut for 3 nights. The hotel goes in for the nautical theme in a major way so be prepared for the decor in the rooms - it can be a bit loud. The hotel staff was very knowledgeable and efficient. The room was very clean and well appointed for a standard room. My only comment was regarding the room service. Essentially room service stops at 9:00 p.m. As I arrived late in the evening I was not able to get anything to eat... I thought this was a bit early. Other than that I would highly recommend the hotel for anyone looking to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area - great price for a great room!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent style and character We stayed 3 nights at the Argonaut and loved every minute of it. The location is superb, right by Fisherman's Wharf and beside the Aquatic Park. Easy walk to the restaurants and a second away from the cable car. The decor is eye catching and the rooms very comfortable - even down to a decent mirror for contact lens wearers and those of us who need make up! The managers complementary wine at 5.30 is very welcome and is of good quality, this is a lovely time to meet the other hotel guests who after a couple of glasses are ready to talk to anyone. The hotel restaurant was a little disappointing and so we only had breakfast there once but there is an excellent bakery just around the corner. We would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Must Stay!!! Just got back from the Argonaut Hotel, and absolutely loved it. The hotel is clean, well kept, and well managed, and has a great staff. The location is awesome (directly across from the cable car turnaround and fishermans warf), and the area around the hotel is beautiful. The rooms are large, and have some of the most comfortable beds you will ever sleep in. Also most rooms have exposed bricks and exposed wooden breams from the original warehouse. The blue mermaid (the hotels restaraunt) is also very nice. Would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stephansen
<Content>Great Value My girlfriend and I stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for three nights February 11-14. It was our first time to San Francisco and both the City and the hotel were wonderful. The Argonaut is located in the quiet end of Fishermann's Warf but the location is perfect, as a cable car stop is very close by. The staff was very friendly, the room was beautiful, and the complementary breakfast at the Blue Mermaid was delicious.We will definitely stay at the Argonaut again  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>menmrsj
<Content>We'll stay there EVERYTIME we're in S.F. ! Simply put, perfect! Great location, wonderful room, friendly staff, and excellent value! We'll be staying there every single time we visit the Bay Area.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>penninelass
<Content>fabulous hotel We concluded our tour of California and Arizona with a 4 day stay in San Francisco. We used Trip Advisor to help make that vital decision of where to stay. We were not disappointed! All the staff were polite and helpful - some good customer care training here I think! Wine in the afternoon was a good way to break the ice and chat to fellow guests, unlike other hotels where anonimity and isolation is 'de riguer'. We would recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good choice I booked the hotel for a three night stay on the basis of the reviews. We had a lovely room with a view of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge.The reason why I don't give it an excellent rating is because the parking was very expensive and I also thought the room was a little small considering the price. We also had several groups of noisy neighbours, I am not sure it was the building design but I could hear thudding footstep as they moved around their room, which meant we were woken early every morning. I also didn't like the area very much. For most of our stay we walked around the back of the building to avoid tourist touts, horrible tourist shops and annoying street artists!Having said that we had an exellent time and really recommend the Blue Mermaid Restaurant (I think that's the name) in the Hotel. The clam chowder was particularly good. There is also a Starbucks at the back.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rob31
<Content>Great stay at the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut for three nights in March. We were three couples travelling together around California and we all agreed that this was our best Hotel. We received excellent customer service across the board from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. The rooms were unique, fresh, bright and gave us that 'wow' feeling as soon as we entered.Ideally situated at the quieter end of Fishermans Wharf, close to the tram terminal, ferries and amenities. We walked from the Hotel to the Golden Gate Bridge (and across!! not quite what was planned and not for the faint hearted!). We even booked our Las Vegas Hotel from the free Internet access in the lobby. Free Wine tasting hour at 5.00pm is also a must. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I heart The Argonaut! I first found this hotel on expedia at a great price. I then confirmed with Tripadvisor's reviews to see if it was actually worth it. Its true, this hotel is amazing! The rooms are beautiful and so incredibly cozy. The beds were very, VERY comfortable and the decor was so unique that I never once felt like I was in a stuffy hotel room. Small details such as TAZO tea and umbrellas available in the rooms were great for our cold, rainy days. Location was also good, with plenty of shops and restaurants near by. But I can't say enough about the staff. Hands down the best hotel service I've received on any vacation. Every staff member we encountered was sooo friendly and helpful :) thanks guys, I really enjoyed my stay!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lawman1978
<Content>Great value, Great location Let me first acknowledge that I have not given a 5 star rating yet to the few hotels I have reviewed. That being said, I recommend the Argonaut Hotel for couples and families. My wife and I stayed here one night (March 17, 2005) and we would readily stay at this hotel again. The staff was helpful AND friendly, the rooms well appointed and large. We appreciated the nautical color scheme and design.The Hotel is in a good location for visitors to San Franscisco who want to see the sights. We had easy access to any part of town. It is close to Fisherman's Wharf but far enough away to shield the excess tourist traffic and congestion. We felt secure.The $36 charged for overnight parking for your vehicle is steep and not having a microwave in our room was an inconvenience.A 5 star hotel in my mind has no deficiencies, no inconveniences and has good value. The Argonaut Hotel comes very close.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent.. as expected! After reading reviews of this hotel we epected nothing but the best and were not disappointed. Location was excellent, staff couteous and helpful and the rooms were wonderful. We were lucky enough to have an outside room with views over a coutyard with delightful live music when we opened the window.As former SF residents, we were showing friends around this beautiful city and could have had no better introduction than this wonderful hotel. Anyone who vivists San Francisco would be crazy not to stay here!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really nice place Spent three nights there in December and got a great package rate on their website - room, valet parking, cable car pass and full breakfast. The place has personality. Lovely decor, well furnished room and very convenient to public transportation - the cable car terminus is just outside the front door. We had a quiet room facing the inner courtyard which was bright, but no view. Lots of great places to walk, but bear in mind you're at the end of Fisherman's Wharf and while it wasn't too bad in December, I can imagine there must be throngs of people and congestion in the warmer months. But it's nice to be right on the water and not in the middle of downtown. One of the best - and priciest - restuarants in San Francisco, Gary Danko, is just up the block.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tannedon
<Content>Would go back to San Fran just to stay at the Argonaut My family and I stayed here on the recomendation of Trip Advisor and I will never travel again without checking here first. We had taken a long driving vacation thru the southwest and ended up in San Fran. Never having been before we were looking forward to our last stop. It could not have been better. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. And the rooms were great. I had a hard time getting to sleep when I got home because my bed cant compare to the comfort of the beds at the Argonaut. Rooms were large and warm which was needed as it was cold and wet outside. I will not go to San Fran again unless I can stay here.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RdRydngHd
<Content>About those stunning views... We spent three enjoyable nights at the Argonaut two weeks ago, having made our reservations many weeks in advance. I've visited SF often but have never stayed in this area. Still, the hotel site description of the views won me over. But--our only view was of another wall of the hotel! Not that far away, either. I couldn't even tell if it was raining or not when I looked outside. Huge disappointment, as, frankly, the promised view was really the only reason we decided to stay in this area. I phoned the desk to ask if we could change rooms, but they said that was impossible.I understand that the hotel might have been full, but as we had reserved our rooms so far in advance, I couldn't help but feel disappointed. So--when you make your reservation, make sure you will have a room with a view, if that's important to you!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to My grandson, daughter, sister and myself spent five nights at the hotel, we were on the second floor inside room and loved the quiet of the room, we can not said enough good things about this hotel. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We ate in the restuarnt and enjoyed the food. It was within distance of the sites we were interested in and begining close to the wharf was great. Any return trips we will stay at the Argonaut.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, would definitely return       Hotel lobby at 5pm - complimentary wine reception!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carfaxdave
<Content>My Wife Loved It...Enough Said My wife and I spent three nights at the Argonaut Hotel during January of 2005. We loved it! The California King bed was great, as were the feather pillows and overall room decor. Location is everything, and the Argonaut Hotel has a great location at the corner of Hyde and Jefferson on Fisherman's Wharf. Although a little large for boutique hotel status, we loved the place and recommend it highly to anyone wanting a great place to stay in San Francisco. The only negative is The Blue Mermaid Restaurant in the hotel, which we found to be tacky and expensive. Do yourself a favour next time you are in San Francisco. Stay at the Argonaut Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Our family stayed here for a wedding and had an absolutely wonderful time. We occupied 5 rooms and after the first day the staff knew us  helped us with all kinds of things. The rooms were delightful and we loved the evening wine tasting. I especially liked the bellman that looks like Mel Gibson!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent and relatively affordable for families We stayed at the Argonaut on February 13 and 14, 2005 with my wife and two children, ages 13 and 6. The location (in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf with a view of the bay and Alcatraz) was ideal for our family as a base to explore the city. The Powell/Hyde cable car turnaround was just around the corner. The staff was friendly and proficient. The room decor was excellent -- a nautical motif with modern touches (Sony electronics everywhere). The price was very reasonable for otherwise pricey San Fran: $165.00 per night for a large room, two queen beds, and an excellent view of the bay and Alcatraz. If you're looking for an upscale place to bring the family, with a great location and service, this is it!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yvtravels
<Content>loved it loved it loved it amazing rooms . brick walls/wooden decor/ star carpet/comfortable beds/ great location. we did not park there , it is $ 36 /nite. we found street parking a couple of blocks up and had no problem to leave it there overnite. cant wait to go back there.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caito76
<Content>Fabulous experience for our honeymoon We stayed at the Argonaut for the first night of our honeymoon (Oct 4, 2004). What a treat! We LOVED it. So refreshing to stay somewhere that isn't a cookie-cutter chain. The decor was modern and fun, the view of the water and Golden Gate from our room was amazing (we requested this!) and we loved walking around the neighborhood. HIGHLY recommended! It was a little out of our price range, but for one night we splurged and it was worth every penny. We try and stay at Kimpton hotels whenever we can. At the end of our honeymoon we also stayed at Serrano Hotel in SF - which was great too!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute! Beautifully decorated rooms, comfortable bed, Aveda shower and bath products, helpful staff, decent fitness equiopment (by hotel standards)...my only advice is to ask for a room with a view of sky. My view faced an internal area of the hotel so I just looked onto other rooms.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What an incredible place! Stay here! What a wonderful hotel! We stayed from Feb. 11th to Feb. 14th. When we arrived, the doorman was so pleasant it put an instant smile on our faces. Once in the hotel, I was surprised how classy the decor was. I had read several reviews on this website and I have to agree that the decorations are very tastefully done. There was no wait to check in or check out and the check in/out process was smooth and quick. We arrived early but our room was ready when we got there. The room was great. The hallways leading to our room was also a nice surprise. They are very tastefully done. We had a standard room without a view but didn鈥檛 mind one bit as we didn鈥檛 plan to spend much time in the room. The bed was very comfortable! The bathroom was a nice size with Aveda shampoo/conditioner/lotion and Starbucks coffee. The wooden beams remaining from when the building was originally a warehouse really adds to the d茅cor. We were very pleased. We didn鈥檛 notice too much of the 鈥榚xtra鈥?noise that others on this site have mentioned. All we heard was the normal hotel sounds鈥eople in the halls, doors closing. We did go to the gym, which is located on the second floor. It鈥檚 nicely equipped with everything you might need. We attended 2 out of 3 of the wine tasting evenings. What a wonderful extra! Every month they introduce a different winery with a red and a white available. We met some really nice people that were also staying at the hotel. Everyone was very friendly. Also, the concierges were always extremely helpful with reservations and directions. What鈥檚 also great about this hotel is that it鈥檚 right next to anything you might need. If you need a rental car, there are places right around the corner. If you鈥檇 like to rent a scooter/go-cart to tour the town (we did), it鈥檚 a short walk away. If you鈥檇 like to have a nice meal, try Alioto鈥檚. It's only a couple of blocks from the hotel, it overlooks the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge and we loved it. We also tried a few diners just a few blocks from the Argonaut and got exactly what we were looking for, a quick and inexpensive breakfast.The restaurant at the hotel is the Blue Mermaid. We had several meals here. The prices were a little pricey but nothing too noticeable. The service was always wonderful and the food was good, so we never paid too much attention to the ticket. We expect to pay higher prices for meals in high tourist areas, such as San Francisco. We had an amazing vacation and The Argonaut Hotel played a major part in making everything wonderful! Thanks!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! The reviews of this place are dead-on. This is a wonderful property with a great staff that couldn鈥檛 be more centrally located in the touristy part of San Francisco. Be sure to notice the interesting architecture as well, those old weathered beams are actually original to the property! Also, be sure to take a look at the bricks on the outside of the hotel - they鈥檙e very uneven because they were scavenged from the rubble of the Great Earthquake! Finally, be sure to check out the wine reception in the evenings and the maritime museum located in the downstairs lobby. The walls, however, are a bit thin.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JBB_CT
<Content>Argonaut Rocked We definitely agree with all the previous reviews and had a FABULOUS stay at the Argonaut with our puppy. Yes, the address is in Fisherman's Wharf but this is an ideal location for any visitors to San Fran - easy access to cabs, public transport and stunning views of the bay and the great park in front of Ghirdelli square meant we were is a very convenient place. You can literally watch folks swimming in the bay right across from the hotel. The bed was so comfy and wonderful and the room was perfectly sized and very nice for our stay. The staff were really helpful and the wine tasting every afternoon was a cute/nice touch. This was also a big winner for dog-friendly hotels which can be either ridiculously expensive or just not nice. Overall, this hotel was reasonably priced and far exceeded our expectations.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jpsanpedro
<Content>Great stay at the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut hotel between the 4th and 7th of January, as part of a combined business  vacation trip. While I'm sure my wife and I have stayed at better hotels (more services, more luxurious fixtures, etc.) I can't recall having ever stayed at a hotel we liked more. - The staff was always friendly and positive, even when helping us search for some shoes we thought we lost upon arrival at 1am (but actually had in our bags all along)- The location is stunning. Yes, Fisherman's Wharf is a dingy tourist trap, but the grassy area in front of Ghiardelli Square and view out onto Alcatraz is one of the most beautiful sites in the world. (Look into what a similar location on Sydney Harbor runs...) Beiing near the grass was very important for our dog, but even for humans it's nice spending time away from the cramped space of Union Square.- The room was spacious...a place you could spend a lot of time in. Sofa with coffee table (!), desk, full closet, window that opened onto a courtyard (which our dog -- who stayed free, of course -- much appreciated).- At this point, it probably goes without saying, but I can't imagine a more dog-ideal hotel in SF. If you're thinking of going to SF with your dog, stay here.- Terrific bed! (Much better than the otherwise enjoyable Hotel Burnham in Chicago.)- Interesting but not overbearing decoration. As much as I love Kimptons, their decor can get a bit gaudy. The nautical theme worked well, especially with the exposed beams of the old building visible.- Amenities galore. Even by Kimpton standards, these were often a cut higher: Aveda and free high speed internet of course, plus DVD players in every room, free (Fetzer!) wine in the evenings, free car service in the a.m.- We got all of this for a very reasonable rate, but even at a much higher price it would still be a good deal.Areas for improvement:- They charge $5 to deliver a package to your room. C'mon guys, that's absurd.- No coffee service in the morning? Every other Kimpton offers this.- Sometimes the guidance of the friendly and positive staff was a bit lacking, as when they twice gave incorrect driving directions to the Ferry Building.- The food, selection, and prices of room service are really lacking.These issues, however, are no match for the overwhelming positives that make Argonaut so terrific.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>QVCAddict
<Content>Soundproofing is desperately needed The majority of our stay at the Argonaut hotel was wonderful. The location of the hotel was fantastic. It was right on fisherman's wharf, and within walking distance of the attractions. Because of the hotel's convenient location we were able to board our tour of the city right in front of the hotel instead of driving to the tour company's main office. We enjoyed visiting the maritime museum, which was located inside the hotel. The bellmen, and doormen were friendly and helpful. They unloaded our baggage and two wheelchairs from our car, and assisted us into the hotel lobby. The nautical inspired decor in the lobby and in our room was beautiful. There were a lot of cute, whimsical decorations, and design elements in our room. We absolutely loved it. Our room and bathroom were wheelchair accessible and easy to navigate through. The seafood at the hotel restaurant was wonderful, and we liked the casual atmosphere. The hotel unfortunately has one MAJOR flaw. The rooms are not at all adequately soundproofed. At around 2am I was watching television. I had the volume turned down low as not to disturb my grandmother and aunt who were sleeping in the bed next to mine. But to my surprise, the people in the next room started banging on the wall, and shouting for me to turn down the volume on the television. I turned the volume on the television down to the point where I had to sit next to the television to hear the sound. I was annoyed at having to do this, but thought that it would solve the problem. To my surprise I received an unpleasant phone call from the hotel's front desk asking me to turn the volume down on the television. The television would have had to be OFF for the volume to be any lower. Up until that point, the hotel environment was warm and comfortable. After that incident I felt very uncomfortable staying there. I will not return to the Argonaut until they fix their sound issues.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! Amazing!! Stayed at the Argonaut from Christmas day to New Year's. Right from the beginning of our stay the hotel staff was amazing. From the doormen to the cleaning staff, everyone was extremely polite and helpful. The concierge were also very helpful when it came to planning a night out. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to travel to S.Francisco. Awesome location, price, and extremely clean. We will definitely stay at the Argonaut again.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quickjaunt
<Content>nice location, nice rooms I would have given this hotel 5 stars except that the walls are a little thin and we could hear music and tv from the next room. Other than that, the location, people working there and the room were excellent. Free internet access in the lobby. We had a package for parking($36 a night), free breakfast in the Blue Mermaid Restaurant downstairs, free cable car pass for 1 day and Pier 39 fun book. Great package. I always have to look for a parking package because SF parking rates are outrageous. I would stay here again. This is the best hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lenaspell
<Content>Wow what great welcome to our first time in San Francisco Well the hotel was every bit as good as the reviews we had read and as the hotel information suggested it would be and then some more. Rarely do hotels surpass their literature but this hotel did right from pulling up outside. The service, friendliness and helpfulness started at the door, followed through at reception and then the bellhop went out of his way to be friendly and helpful by offering to fetch us ice once he had unloaded our bags. He was also very knowledgeable about the area and immediately told us about the surroundings, coffee shops, diners and other amenities. His helpfulness continued throughout our stay as did every member of staff we had dealings. Even the cleaning staff go out of their way to welcome you as you walk through the corridors.All the front office staff seem to have ear pieces and an example of the speed of service, even before being asked was when I witnessed a young boy drop his iced milkshake that split upon hitting the floor. The bellhop was immediately in contact with cleaning services even before the embarrassed parents could ask for help. No fuss was made or glaring looks as would have occurred at many other establishments.The room we had, a large king deluxe was huge - as commented by other reviewers - it was as if it was new - the cleaning and servicing was first class. The room had a large settee and the desk was a good size and very comfotable swing/rocking desk captain's chair. The internet facilities in the room were first class without extra charge. the power unit on the desk was excellent and just the job to recharge camera batteries, cellphones etc. The quality of fittings throughout the hotel were excellent. All in all so good I have already booked my daughter into the hotel for May this year and we shall definitely be coming back. A well positioned, well maintained hotel that understands service quality. If there were six stars it would warrant such.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alisa1216
<Content>A Great Hotel at Fisherman's Wharf I just returned from a weekend in San Francisco. My mom and I stayed at the Argonaut for three nights. We even splurged for a room with a view of the bay. We were very pleased with the level service we received. The front desk staff was very courteous and accomodating.They even gave us a later check out time. The doormen and bell staff opened the door and greeted us. And, our room was nicely cleaned each day. I did notice some noise in the hallway, but it seemed to be the same as other hotels I've stayed in. I think the Argonaut is a great value when you consider the prices of rooms at other hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area and the level of service those hotels offer. I don't think the Holiday Inn has the same level of service as the Argonaut, but their room rates are usually almost the same! I will definitely return to the Argonaut the next time I visit San Francisco!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find! Found this hotel on the internet and was quite impressed upon arrival with our choice. The hotel has a nautical theme (which I thought might be corny from looking at the pictures online) but it's actually quite interesting and fun. The room was HUGE. The bed and couch area VERY comfortable. The only negative was that we reserved a room with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge but ended up with a big tree trunk in the way. It wasn't the hotel's fault since we had checked-in early and housekeeping was cleaning the other rooms with views. The receptionist at the front desk was accomodating and told us we could check back in a few hours to switch. We ended up sightseeing the whole day and never made the switch. Service at this hotel is top-notch, as the bellhops are helpful and very friendly. Great location on Fisherman's Wharf. We only stayed one night, wished it could have been longer. Overall an A+!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jewelz129
<Content>great boutique hotel on fisherman's wharf Stayed at the Argonaut with my boyfriend over a week in January. Hotel is beautiful! Design and decor is very modern, lobby lounge is filled with nautical decor and plush sofas and chairs. Our room was a King Deluxe, with a view into The Cannery. Room size was huge! Bed was super comfortable. Bathroom was We arrived early (around 1:30pm) and were pleasantly surprised by an early check-in. Everyone from doormen to the people at the front desk were always very friendly and eager to help you whenever you had a question.Couple of CONS: room always had a slight funny smell to it... not overly bad.. slight smell of paint maybe? But not enought to really both us.- yes, the Hotel is on the quiet end of Fisherman's wharf, but I would not spend too much time in this neighborhood... overly touristy, a lot of bums always roaming around on the streets. Do yourself a favor and catch the streetcar down to the Financial District which actually has lots of restaurants, stores, all in a very city-like environment. Ferry Building is also located in this area. North Beach and Chinatown are also definite stops.PROS: lovely/modern/trendy decor. Very clean, bed is supersoft and comfy. Bathroom is a good size, all AVEDA amenities. Definitely try the chowder in the downstairs restaurant, its excellent. Lobby has wireless internet, as well as two computers set up for those who didn't bring a laptop. Very friendly service all around. Location is great, near both the cable car and street car stops. Also within walking distance to Ghiradelli Square and North Beach. Definitely give this hotel a try, great value for a great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simeon_1
<Content>First Class! I am writing this review from the hotel's free internet access computer,just one of the many little touches that make this place special.The door is always opened for you and everyone says hello,nothing is too much trouble,for me that is what makes a hotel.The location is perfect,right on Fishermans Wharf,but at the quiet end.We can see Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge from our room window,so it is out of the hassle,hustle and bustle of the city,but still only 5 minutes on a cable car away,the stop is 30 seconds from the hotel door.The Concierge can't do enough for you and will help plan anything you want to do in the finest detail.Very reasonably priced for the level of service,decor and feel of the place,our room is very comfortable and still smells new.We have never visited San Francisco before so we hoped that we had chosen a good hotel for our stay,we were not at all disappointed.It is nice to find places like these as i think it really makes your stay that bit more of an experience rather than just a holiday.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olleee
<Content>Excellent place to stay. Where could you be more in the center of SF's tourist attractions than at Fisherman's Wharf. The ferry to Alcatraz and the cable car to downtown leave just a couple of blocks from the hotel. The rooms are particularly nice, emphasizing the natutical theme of the hotel. If you can afford, take a harbor view room for one of the most spectacular hotel rooms views in the city. Parking and breakfast could definitely be significantly cheaper, but all in all we were very satisfied and would return again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel...book now! Just returned from a four night stay at The Argonaut. The hotel is situated in the best bit of Fisherman's Wharf. On the whole the Wharf is tacky, but not as bad as I expected. The proximity to the cable car stop is a definate bonus (especially if you are on your own and worried about safety).The staff were friendly at all times and always acknowledged you, and you always received a friendly welcome from the doorman. The decor, although wacky, is very tasteful and not at all overpowering.I had a room facing the courtyard (a view would have been nice, but I was hardly in the room during daylight hours). It was totally spotless, you would honestly think that it had been furnished and renovated especially for your visit. Lots of extra touches that set the hotel apart, such as flat screen TV, DVD, Starbucks coffee, modern phone and clock radio. Free internet in the lobby was a huge benefit and was not abused. Ate breakfast in the hotel a few mornings and was impressed with the food and the service (unlike some other reviewers.)I would definately return to The Argonaut on my next visit to San Francisco- during my time there I saw no other hotel that I would rather stay in. If you plan on staying at the Wharf, stay here. The other chain hotels (Holiday Inn, Radisson etc) look run down and dated from the outside.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy + Rude does not equal good hotel Stayed in August 2004 for 6 nights too many. After the first night when we could hear EVERYTHING in the adjacent rooms from normal talking to laughing and from in-room movies to neighbor's bathroom visists, we should have left. Second night was the worst as there was a party in the next room from about 11:00 pm - 1:30 am. The staff did not think the noise level was anything to complain about and told us such. Additionally, the front desk was less then friendly when we cashed traveler's checks, even though they said it was policy to cash them. And to top off, the doormen seemed to think it wasn't their duty to hold open doors or greet patrons. I vacation at least one week a year in San Francisco, and I would NEVER stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in SF My boyfriend and I stayed at the Argonaut in September 2003 as the first night of a 3 week touring holiday in the states. It surpassed all our expectations. We arrived at 3am UKT as zombies and the staff were wonderful and jested with us which made us really welcome. The room was superb and contained all sorts of marvellous goodies to play with.. eg DVD player.. Not sure about breakfast as we found a marvellous diner down the street and ate there for that genuine USA experience. The location was excellent and _just_ on the edge of all the attractions so it was not too noisey. On the day that we checked out, the hotel arranged for a car to take us to the airport... we expected one of the local cab firms to roll up, but we were astounded when we went outside and there was a lincoln towncar sitting waiting for us. Top Marks!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LucyKate
<Content>Magnificent There's a very good reason this place is at the top of this list - it is absolutely magnificent.Superb location - right across the road from the wharves, right next to the Cable Car, views of the Bridge, but it's what they have done with this location that makes it superb.The hotel is in a restored warehouse, and the attention to detail throughout is wonderful with exposed beams and bricks making this a standout building. The rooms are magnificently decorated in a nautical theme, the lobby is very well done, and front desk staff, porters, doormen, everyone, extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the city and its surrounds.The wine reception was a nice touch, as were the two free internet terminals in the lobby area, and the attached Blue Mermaid restaurant on site was so good we ate there three nights in a row.For cheap breakfasts there's also a Starbucks out back.I've stayed in many great hotels around the world, but this is without a doubt my favourite. Only 1 gripe - leave the car at home or ensure your room rate includes parking - they charge $32 a day!A truly wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wendy Low
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the Argonaut for 3 nights and thought it was a great hotel. The rooms were nice, well equipped and very clean. The free wine tasting each evening at 5pm was an added bonus and all staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location for all the main tourist attractions in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Padong
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyable I stayed at the Argonaut last July after reading the site reviews and was delighted that it lived up to all my expectations and beyond. My room was extremely spacious and spotless with all the extras I needed. From the jolly doorman who gave me such a friendly welcome to the desk staff who greeted me by name at every contact, I cannot fault the staff. After the stuffy elegance of European hotels, the Argonaut was a breath of fresh air with its cheerful decor and unpretentious warmth! The location is terrific. My one gripe was that there was no food available after 10.00 pm when the downstairs restaurant closes - as well as all food outlets in the nearby vicinity. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to any one whether travelling alone or with a family.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, poor food Nice hotel in convenient wharf location. Modern rooms with a nice touch - wine served in the lobby 5-6pm. However, the breakfast in the adjacent resturant was terrible. Poor service and awful coffee, suggest trying the cafe down the road, much better!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than great My girlfriend and I were looking to spend a relaxing four-day weekend in San Francisco, and after much research we settled on the Argonaut. I had great expectations, and without a doubt my expectations were exceeded. The location is perfect, overlooking the Bay with great views of the Golden Gate and Alcatraz. Ghirardelli Square, the cable car turnaround, and the many great sights and restaurants on Fishermans Wharf were just steps away.The room was great with its nautical decor, very comfortable bed, flat screen TV and internet access. The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating, and the free wine reception every evening was a very nice plus. We had dinner at the restaurant one night, and it was quite good.All in all, this hotel was fabulous and we will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xp01321
<Content>It is as good as it seems We stayed three nights at the Argonaut last week and it was fabulous. I can only give accolades to this hotel. We particularly liked the design, the location and the incredibly comfortable beds. Yes, they had charged us 57 dollars for a meal in the restaurant we never had, but they took this charge away without too much discussion. We will be happy to stay at the Argonaut next time we are in the Bay area.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>austintx
<Content>Great Place to Stay My wife and I stayed there on a stay in early December. Very nice hotel, great amenities, free high speed internet, great location. Would definitely stay again and recommend. Had a deal that included breakfast at the accompanying restaurant, which was also outstanding.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location My wife and I just got back from 4 days/nights in San Francisco, and stayed at the Argonaut because of the great reviews. Like the other reviews said, the location is great: walking distance to everything on the Wharf, and a Cable Car stop is a block away to go to Union Square, Chinatown, etc. The rooms were very nice and the staff/service was friendly and helpful. The restaurant was a little slow; maybe understaffed. But everything else was great. We will definitey stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - Well Done Stayed for 4 night early November 2004. This is a lovely hotel, very good standard, wonderful rooms, free internet access. The hotel bar is good with friendly staff and serves good food. The location is ideal, on Fishermans Wharf, but at the quiet end, around the corner from the Cable Car turnaround. The Doorman Donavan was friendly and very helpful. We highly recommend this hotel and would diffinately stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the Best Just got back from San Francisco, and the argonaut. I took a chance and went on hotwire for a room. We stayed at the White Swan Inn last time, and loved it, but wanted to be more on the wharf this time. I did call the hotel ahead of time, since we were going to be arriving after midnight, and reading some of the reviews it sounded like the hotel overbooked at times. They were very accomodating and promised my room would be ready.I can't say enough good about this hotel! The room was awesome, ours had a great view, a little small, but the view was well worth it. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful! The location was the best on the wharf, within walking distance to anything.This will definately be our new hotel of choice in San Francisco. We can't wait to go back!!! Frachescis across the street has the best breakfast, it was great!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome We stayed here in October 2004 for three nights with our four year old son and three year old daughter on a Hotwire special for $125 a night. The first room they gave us only had one king size bed but staff were quick to switch us to a room with two beds. The rooms were immaculate and spacious. Our children loved the nautical themed beds. The huge mirrors in the room were gorgeous. Our children also loved the restaurant and sun lounge chairs in the lobby. Easily the best of four hotels that our family has stayed at in San Francisco in the past two years. The location for tourists was also wonderful. The cable car was just out the door. The maritime museum across the street. The italian restaurants of North Beach only a 15 minute walk away. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.E'nogh said, The French Guy.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Strongly recommended Absolutely amazing hotel. Location can't be topped. Rooms were cleaner than in more-luxurious-in-name hotels, as a matter of fact probably cleanest I've seen anywhere. Staff friendly, wine hour at 5pm, restaurant great. When I go back, that's where I'm staying.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I could not have been more pleased with this wonderful hotel! We made reservations based upon much internet research and were not once disappointed during our three night stay. The location of The Argonaut is perfect...at the quieter end of Fisherman's Wharf, near the Hyde/Powell Cable Car turnaround, an easy walk to all of the sights along that part of the bay (including a lovely 45 minute walk to the Golden Gate Bridge if you are so inclined, but if not, an easy bus ride), and convenient to all public transportation. The room was quite comfortable, completely immaculate, and the nautical decor was a welcome change from the standard hotel room. Every member of the hotel staff was friendly and always happy to be of assistance. The concierge was especially helpful in directing us on the easiest ways to see the sights we were interested in. We would recommend this hotel without hesitation and would stay there again in a heartbeat. One recommendation that we found very helpful was to purchase a public transportation pass (available at the Cable Car turnaround) which gives you unlimited access to the cable cars, bus lines, and street cars. Also, ahead of time we booked a night tour of Alcatraz online directly through the Blue and Gold Fleet. This was an experience not to be missed if you have the time.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Czechbrewer
<Content>Great Trip Location - Location - Location! To me this is the most important aspect of staying in San Francisco. The Argonaut is in one of, if not, the best location in San Francisco. Across the street is the Cable Car turnaround, where you can purchase a 1, 3 or 5 day pass. My wife and I used this to get to Union Square, China Town, and other destinations in the city. Service at the Hotel is great, the Concierge was helpfull in booking one of our tours. Rooms were comfortable, clean, and the room service was great. We are already planning on a return trip to the Argonaut. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Fantastic hotel in excellent location. The complimentary wine hour between 5-6pm every evening was a really nice surprise too. Rooms were clean and modern and the staff friendly and helpful.Wouldn't use the bike hire shop in the Cannery though. Boyfriend's pedal just fell off his bike half way to Golden Gate Bridge so had to walk over the bridge and then all the way back again and they still charged us full price for his bike!!! the guy in the shop was not apologetic about it at all......  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't have expected better! Nov 8th through the 10th We originally were set for the Hyatt Embarcadero... but found out through this site that a strike was on... after looking at other options here, we chose the Argonaut.Wow! talk about being right on the wharf! We had a fourth floor room overlooking the trolly car turnaround just below Geradelli Square! From the window- we could see the Golden Gate Bridge... The hotel couldn't be any better location-wise. Step out the front door, and you're at the wharf baby!The check-in was perfect- they helped get me into our room a little early since we'd flown the red-eye in from Hawaii... and the room was wonderful. The whole feel of the hotel is that of being on board a ship the colors they chose, the bedding, the star pillows, the big flat screen TV, the service it was all very very nice.The only thing that was a little disconcerning, was whenever we popped out of the room, we ran into tours being given to what we thought must have been Time Share Buyers... and down through the wharf itself, we ran into many a tourist trap, trying to give us $100 worth of stuff (if we'd take a 90 minute tour, and presentation)!!Being from Hawaii, we've had our fill of Time Share Hawkers.. so as I left the hotel, I finally broke down and asked the girl behind the counter as we checked out...You're not changing this hotel into a timeshare are you? It would be a shame, because we really liked the hotel, and would like to stay here again someday..She replied that what I was seeing wasn't a Time Share, but rather a travelers Club.. and that the Argonaut was one of the SF Hotels that were in the club...That being said, we enjoyed the hotel's restaurant downstairs, the Argonaut team, from the door to the desk to the room everyone of them were friendly and helpful.We loved our stay at the Argonaut- and will do it again- as soon as we can!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel at the Wharf I visit San Francisco often, but it was the first time at the Argonaut. Best place in SF that I've stayed in so far. Took my mother over the Halloween weekend and she was impressed as well. Rooms and bathrooms are clean, beautiful and look newly remodeled. You are at the better end of the wharf area. Closest to the park and cable car, not too close to the noise and touristy areas of the wharf. You are close enough to everything to walk to great restaurants and plenty of shopping. This place is also non-union so you don't have to worry about the hotel workers picketing in front and making noise like at the larger hotels. Free wine reception is a nice break in the day and lobby has a nice fireplace to warm you after the cool SF weather. Also, Aveda products and Starbucks coffee in the rooms is a great little surprise!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>larrypharm
<Content>overbooking problems Stayed Thursday 11-11 through Sunday 11-14. I booked a King room with view 9 months in advance. Verified that my room would be available that morning and arrived to find that this room was not available. (I suspect as do other posters that they routinely overbook) So be aware if you plan a late arrival. To their credit they did give me a lesser room and credited the difference in price. That said the room was clean, the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The location perfect and the staff friendly and efficient. This would have been a 5 star ranking without the check-in (overbooking) problems. They really need to work on that  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's Great! The Argonaut is the perfect place to stay. The staff is friendly, the rooms are comfy, and there is free wine daily for happy hour around the lobby fireplace. The beds are extremely comfortable! There are 2 PC's with free internet access in the lobby.This hotel has the perfect location for tourists interested in walking Fisherman's Wharf and the cable cars are close by to take you anywhere in the city you want to go. We will definitely stay here again and again!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLee624
<Content>Pretty good My boyfriend and I had stayed at Argonaut from Nov. 12-15 (Fri-Mon). We would have stayed Thursday night but when we checked in, the front desk rep informed us that there was no room available for us; apparently something was wrong with a group of rooms (although my guess was they just overbooked). It was about 11:45p and having to get back into our car, drive across town and check into their sister hotel, Hotel Palomar, wasn鈥檛 our idea of fun, but rather than lambasting the guy (which we witnessed another guest that was turned away do) we accepted our fate (and the complimentary free night). We switched to the Argonaut after the first night, and for our troubles we were upgraded to a double queen room with views of Alcatraz and sent a bottle of wine and an assortment of nuts. The nautical d茅cor was interesting; cute for families but not exactly my taste.Some of the pros: Good location - While we were within comfortable walking distance to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and good restaurants (go to Gary Danko!), it was still in a very quiet and safe location. The bathrooms were unimpressive but I liked the Aveda products. The beds were comfortable and topped with fluffy pillows and comforters. The Sony TV and DVD player was a nice touch, as was the free high speed internet connection. As for price, it was pretty affordable (our price was $150/night) for what you get.Now for the bad stuff: The walls were a bit thin as we could hear our neighbors or people outside our door chatting away. Each time we drove to the hotel, the valet guy was nowhere to be found so had to leave our car (locked up of course) at curbside and gave our keys to the front desk person. Finally, the remote control for the TV was actually the Nintendo game control and therefore the only way to change channels was to go up or down. It also didn鈥檛 help that it was not wireless.All in all, I鈥檇 suggest this hotel if you鈥檙e an out of town cost-conscious tourist especially interested in exploring the Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf area. One suggestion to the hotel 鈥?Sounds like being turned away for not having a room available has happened frequently in the past. Rather than letting your guests show up and be disappointed, you should proactively call and let them know beforehand so they can go directly to another hotel. This might also save your front staff from verbal abuse.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect stay for solo traveler I spent two nights at the Argonaut in early November. This was my second stay at the Argonaut and I enjoyed the second stay as much as the first! The rooms are very large for San Francisco and the Aveda products, the robes, the flat screen TV are all wonderful. The location is perfect for sightseeing - the cable car turnaround is adjacent to the hotel. The staff is both friendly and helpful and the wine hour is quite a bit of fun. I look forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amrdia
<Content>Location and Great Service ....with a smile! We checked into the Argonaut on Nov 11th for 3 nights. My wife and I wish it could have been longer. Upon arrival our (my) expectations for a view were greater than could have possibly been delivered. The bellman , Sam, very patiently escorted me from room to room until my expectations were met. The manager Mark was concerned enough to make sure everthing was as expected. We had a bay view suite as a pointe of reference. This is a two room with dining area and jacuzzi bathroom. The room also had a telescope for viewing. There were two flat screen TVs, plenty of comfortable couches and chairs. The lobby had a nice gas fire place that was used as nightly gathering for wine tasting.The location is near shopping, the Buena Vista bar, Pier39, bike rental at Blazing Saddles, was ideal for the active tourist. A very safe area. My only complaint is a minor one. The bar/rest closes at 9pm. So if you come back to hotel for a night cap use your honor bar or leave for local watering hole.P.S. Ericka and Ed were very helpful as concierge. Use them they are helpful.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ahb
<Content>Great staff, great location, great view I stayed at the Argonaut Nov.4 - 6, with my two sons who had never been to San Francisco. The location is superb, especially for a first time visitor. I had requested a room with a view, and on check-in was asked if I would prefer a view of the Golden Gate or Alcatraz. The room was spacious, the beds extremely comfortable, and everyone we encountered couldn't have been nicer. Our breakfasts at the Blue Mermaid were wonderful - so large we skipped lunch! I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, and recommend it enthusiastically!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AVoid at all costs My sister reserved a suite of rooms for guests for her wedding. We booked one of these rooms more than a month in advance, then called to reconfirm several weeks before. We got email confirmations both times. When we arrived at the hotel they said sorry, we have your reservation but we have no room. This was late at night and I have an eight year old son. They agreed to put us up at another hotel, but were unpleasant an unaccomodating. And, the two rooms my sister in law had booked for her children were also not available and she had talked to them three times beforehand. So she and my brother had a room, but their teenage children did not and we were completely separated in a hotel across town away from the wedding party. If you don't mind booking way in advance, getting several confirmaitions and then being shuffled off to some other hotel this is the hotel for you. Otherwise stay away.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sfarmer1228
<Content>Had a Ball Okay, so this is probably the best location you could wish for. Right by the wharf, next door to the Trolley Turn Around, across the street from the Buena Vista... what else could you ask for? How about one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had?? This place is wonderful. We arrived and upgraded our room to a suite. Mind you this is a HUGE hotel when it comes to finding your room. The halls are long but well lit and beautifully decorated. We arrive at our suite and you feel like you are walking into a home. 8 place dining table, flat screen TV (2 of them) DVD player, living room group, then off to the bedroom... here was this awesome king bed (totally did not want to get out the next morning), the most spectacular furnishings and in the closet are two leopard print bathrobes (kind of funny actually)! The bathroom had marble counters and floor and a Jacuzzi tub that fit two people easily. The employees of the hotel went out of their way to help us find excellent dining choices and were so unexpected. Large cities are not known for the hotel staff going out of their way unless they have their hand out! Have traveled a lot and seen many sights and this was a great place. Mind you that it is only 4 levels, and the wharf can be a noisy place so it is not like staying in the country but alas that is part of its charm. We have told everyone about this lovely place!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meathwoman
<Content>Best night sleep ever!!! After travelling for 20 hours, delayed flight connections etc., the Argonaut Hotel was a real treat. We arrived at the hotel and our luggage was immediately brought to our room. It was Labor day weekend and the staff were very friendly. The room was very nicely decorated and the bed was one of the most comfortable beds i slept in, in a long time. Pillows, duvets etc all feather and down and really soft. Location was ideal, we could walk around the Wharf and down to Pier 32 etc. Great place to eat if you are into fish (which we weren't). Had a couple of drinks in the hotel bar one afternoon, we must have hit happy hour as the beers were cheaper than normal and definately cheap for San Francisco. Stayed here 3 nights and was one of the nicest hotels we stayed on our trip. Will definately recommend it! P.S Loved the Sony PC's in the lobby, free of charge to log online and send a quick email to loved ones to let them know we arrived safe.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lasvegaskid
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Highly Recommend       Argonaut Room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mom_in_butte
<Content>We'll be back!! Can't figure out the poor reviews. We stayed at the Argonaut Nov 3-5th and found this to be a wonderful hotel - though we booked directly through Kimpton, and not through a travel agency. The Discovery Awaits package (breakfast, parking  muni passes included) was a great deal. If you like crowds  noise stay in one of the overpriced hotels downtown (which at that time were surrounded by locked out hotel employees and anti-war demonstrators) But our room at the Argonaut was huge , quiet, and overlooked the hyde street cable car turnaround. Unlike the previous reviewer, we found staff to be extremely polite, friendly and helpful. Next time we are in San Francisco we will return to the Argonaut.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It could've been hell but the Argonaut changed it around I planned a birthday getaway to the City for my husband. He was stuck at work til late at night. I packed us up, grabbed my sleepy kids and drove us to the Argonaut. My husband had not eaten since breakfast so things were not going well. Cranky kids and irrate husband, I prayed the hotel would be nice. I found it here at Tripadvisor and took a chance. As soon as we were done with dinner (at 10pm) I stood in line behind 2 couples (Germans) that needed everything explained to them. I thought the worst and was going to give up. By the time it was my turn, the receptionist seemed a bit annoyed over the whole ordeal. I requested my room and she gave me the key. As I turned to go, I mentioned it was my husband's birthday and it was off to a bad start. She suggested that if the room (2 Queens) were not satisfactory, she would do the best she could to find me something more comfortable. We went to the room and it was definitely quiet (inner court) but nothing to write home about. I went downstairs and asked what other choices there were. She suggested Ocean view, King size bed with separate pull out sofa for the children. It also had a jacuzzi tub. She offered the room at a deep discount and I took it. The receptionist wasn't the most warm fuzzy type of person I've ever encountered but she gets an A+ for trying to please, knowing our condition.It was luxurious with down comforter, 2 bedroom suite-pocket doors, table, minibar, huge space (over a thousand square feet)overlooking Alcatraz and the ocean, leopard robes, and a huge jacuzzi tub that our whole family fit it! We have 2 kids! My husband was able to sleep in and I had a luxurious bath. The kids had plenty of running around room.I was sad to leave but now I know, for next time. Request the upgrade to a King suite if you can, even if its only for one night. BTW: park on Beach at the parking garage. It's cheaper.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated!!!!!!! If you enjoy being herded from hotel room to hotel room, be sure to stay at the Argonaut Hotel. Are also great at denying the guests accomodations one purchased and are great at projecting the blame onto the guest and the the travel agencies they are affiliated with. In the end, the room assignment was sub par for comfort, customer service paltry and effort to provide the services they so proudly advertise was non-existent. Would never return to the Argonaut Hotel.In the end though, the Argonaut Hotel is so self righteousness that a poor review will be viewed as another nemesis and nothing more.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyc333
<Content>We would not recommend the Argonaut Hotel We were rather disappointed during our recent stay. After much research we opted to stay at the Argonaut.Though a suitable hotel it certainly was not of the high caliber that we expected.The interior was a bit overboard and rather dismal.The staff was the biggest disappointment. We have stayed in hotels the world over and have never been presented with a surly staff until our stay at the Argonaut. We are not demanding guests nor are we rude so one can imagine our shock when a staff member hung up the phone during a conversation that we initiated requesting that a hair dryer in working order be sent to the room. Guest services can be a demanding career choice but if one is not up to the job at hand there are a host of career options more suitable. I think a couple of the members of the staff at the Argonaut need to contemplate their respective career choices.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel ! Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Argonaut, and could not be more pleased. We have stayed at many different hotels in San Francisco over the last 20 years, mostly in the Union Square and Nob Hill areas, but this was by far the most enjoyable. The staff was very friendly and service was first class. Our room was quiet and comfortable, with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. The nautical theme was quite unique. Very funky bathrobes.The location was ideal...right next to the Hyde Street cable car turn-a-round and across the street from the Buena Vista Cafe, where we always start and finish every trip to San Francisco. No more than a 9 iron to the water's edge, with wonderful views of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz.The Argonaut is now our hotel of choice in San Francisco. We will be back !  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bowen_Family
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed at the Argonaut in August 2004. The hotel was beautiful - enormous room, fabulously comfy bed, all fixtures and fitting seemed brand new. It is perfectly sited for Fishermans Wharf and it really felt like a luxurious hotel including complimentary wine around 5pm each evening. We arrived from our long haul flight quite late in the evening, our first visit ever to the west coast and we got a really warm reception that set our holiday off on the right note. Only downside for us was that our deal booked over the internet did not included breakfast... the Argonaut have a restaurant - the blue mermaid - where you buy breakfast and this worked out quite expensive for us. Would strongly advise you book a rate with breakfast included. That aside, we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I have just 3 words to describe the Argonaut Great, wonderful and super. I use this website whenever I travel and have found comments by other travelers valuable and informative. Based on that, I booked and stayed at the Argonaut the last two days and it's been great! We had a beautiful room with a view of the Golden Gate bridge and right next to the Hyde Street cable car turn around. The staff was wonderfully helpful and polite. It was a super place to stay while in San Francisco! I believe in the TripAdvisor for my all travel information!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gavve
<Content>ver nice I had read numerous reviews on the argonaut and wish to express my views on this hotel... firstly there was only one check in attendent and i had to wait for a large length of time before check in was available. I had made my reservation over the internet and while i received a cheaper rate, i did not expect to be placed next to the laundry room and fitness centre.. throughout the night i was woken with large noises. i could not open my window shutters as the window faced a sidewalk and pedestrians could look into my room. This was a disappointment as the hotel has a lovely feel to it and its aesthetics is very inviting. The bed and the pillows are to die for... just a shame about my placement.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Argonaut! Great hotel, close the wharf, Pier 39, etc. Nautical themed rooms were great, comfy beds, pillow, plush towels and robes.Next door to some shops with a courtyard in between. Famer's Market in the coutyard on Friday and Saturday, with live performers.Staff is very helpful, evening wine tasting was enjoyable. Looking forward to going back and staying again. It is definitely my hotel of choice when visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyLoner
<Content>A Golden Experience (no fleece!) at the Argonaut From the dapper attire on the doorman to the professional yet personal attention from the bellhop, we were immediately impressed with the Argonaut. And then we saw the room! We had a very spacious room on the 2nd floor, overlooking the lively courtyard, with an exposed brick wall and windows that open -- not to mention a marvelously comfortable bed and bedding. Prime location for strolling along the pier (don't miss the Maritime Museum!), to Ghirardelli Square -- and only a block to the cable car, two to the F Line Streetcar that goes all the way to the Ferry Terminal building, then on to the Castro neighborhood. Enjoyed talking to fellow travelers during the evening wine reception in the lobby, breakfasts at the Blue Mermaid -- but be sure to visit the Buena Vista -- across the street from the Argonaut -- for an Irish Coffee with your eggs! Spent a week there in September and can't wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeepers385
<Content>Great Hotel Great Price Wow. What a hotel. We stayed 1 day pre cruise  2 days post cruise and would definitely stay here again. Loved the nautical theme of the hotel and rooms. Great location and wonderful bed and pillows. Staff was exceptional and can't wait to go back again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>O.C.bball
<Content>Fabulous hotel! This was a fabulous hotel! Our entire family went to SF in August, 2004 and absolutely had a wonderful time. The hotel was above our expectations, great staff and location. Convenient to just about everything, walking distance to the wharf and Pier 39, cable cars across the street. Couldn't ask for more! We'll definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It doesn't get much better. This hotel is top notch.The location of this hotel is excellent, lying just at the end of the Fisherman's Wharf. I'll always remember waking up and rolling over to a fantastic view of the Golden Gate Bridge.The rooms are cozy and beautiful. I'm constantly put up in hotels, and I often forget where I am, because rooms consistantly look and feel the same. The decor and ambience of the rooms at the Argonaut, however, are unique and unforgetable.And, the service...It was unbelievable! I could not believe how friendly, social and helpful all of the staff were.I can honestly say, I could not have had a more comfortable stay than I did at the Argonaut.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Argonaut Exceeds the Hype We had heard many great things about the Argonaut prior to our visit to San Francisco; however, none can compare to our rave review of the hotel! We loved the funky nautical decor, complimentary wine hour, beautiful bathrooms, friendly staff and touristy location. Not only were we close to most forms of city transportation but the staff were also helpful with directions, maps and suggestions of things to do. We stayed for 4 nights and still had not gotten enough of this sophisticated boutique hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>martdm
<Content>Argonaut A+ Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Argonaut Hotel. We had two rooms purchased for $123 a night through Hotwire.We found this hotel to be an excellent choice for anyone wishing to be in the Fisherman's Wharf vicinity. It is on the edge of Jefferson Street, adjacent to the Cannery  Maritime Museum and although walking distance to Pier 39 and all other attractions between (about 15 blocks) it is on a more quiet end of the street, away from the bars  tourist stores. The streetcars are a block away and the historic trolleys are kitty corner behind the hotel. It's truly a very restful and scenic stretch of the Wharf.The hotel itself is very attractive in it's ship themeing, with lovely plank wood floors, rich red, blue, and golds in the fabrics  carpets, and rich wood fixtures elsewhere. Our queen/queen rooms were typical in their layout (beds, nightstands, desk, tv stand) but very appealing with the exposed brick wall of the original structure on one end, weathered tables, excellent linens, decorative pillows, and the ever present nautical theming. The bath was typically sized and had a generous countertop, shower massager, plenty of nice towels, and luxury bath products. Housekeeping took impeccable care of the room each day.The staff was friendly and efficient, with some members of the front door and bell staff going well out of their way to provide advice, guidance, special services, and friendly conversation when we waited out front for our group or the valet.The only hitch in an otherwise top-notch stay was the front desk failing to relay our request to have our cars brought around on the day of our departure (at least that's what the valet claimed). Because this delayed us nearly 1/2 hour, we had a rather frantic drive to the airport and sprint to the ticket counter to make our flight. I'm not sure where the communication breakdown actually occurred and I only mention it as a word to the wise since it did cause some stress, but it really was a small blemish on an otherwise terrific experience. I highly recommend this hotel, their staff, the service, and the location.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oohthathurts
<Content>Argonaut Hotel is great hotel Just returned from San Fransico. Argonaut stay was great! Location was great. Service was excellent. We were VERY happy we chose Argonaut as it is a non union hotel and 14 of the union hotels were on strike. Strike planned to continue til at least til 10/12/04. Strikers are not only picketing but banging pots and pans and running sirens from 7:00 a.m. til 10:00 p.m. Most of the striking hotels are downtown though there are a few near Fishemans Wharf. Union square is VERY noisy. If you are planning a stay there I recommend you check with hotel to see if they are affected. Fortunately for us though everything was quiet at the Argonaut. The people at the Argonaut are cheerful, polite and friendly. We had a room on the inner court so heard no street noise at all. Could hear people in the hall occasionally and now and then in the closet but that was it. The hotel offers a wine reception from 5 to 6. They don't verify you are staying at hotel so this is sometimes pretty busy. The wine thing was nice but free breakfast would probably have been better.The hotel provides Aveda soaps, shampoo and conditioner. Very nice. Leaves a great aromal in the room. Entering the room was alway a nice treat. The room size was nice as well. I frequently wished the room had a balconey as it would have been nice to just sit outside and relax. However, this is San Fransico. Do rooms like that exist?I would stay at Argonaut again. Definately learned to ask if hotel is union and if so are they in negotiation process.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique and Great Value My family stayed here in August 2004. For less than $200 in San Francisco I was a little apprehensive to book this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. It is brand new so it is clean, updated and the rooms although long and narrow are a good size. You can't beat the location if you want to hit Fishermans Wharf, Ghiradeli Square, ride a cable car AND have a view of the Golden Gate Bridge or Alcatraz. It was perfect for my family. They even had a treasure chest for the kids upon check-in to pick a toy and a wine hour (which gets a little crowded). It is by no means a fancy hotel. We enjoyed it for it's cleanliness, uniqueness, great value, location, service and views. It is a refreshing change to the ever outdated chains you can run into unknowingly!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonManc
<Content>Great location, lovely hotel Fantastic location for tourist attractions.Room clean and (relatively) restrained in theming. Lobby relaxed setting.Internet access useful. Wine tasting a bonus.Staff service efficient and courteous.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Antony
<Content>Excellent hotel  Stopped here for 2 nights mid August with my wife and kids as part of a coast to coast self planned tour.Once again, thank you Tripadvisor reviewers, it was exactly what i expected, Brilliant!! I cancelled my room in Union Square and am so glad I did. Fishermans Wharf is the toursit magnet of San Francisco, but so what, the location is great, so good, we managed to do all this in 48 hours!!.. Bike the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito and catch the ferry back for the wine tasting ( bike hire is next door to the hotel !! ) Dinner at the Hard Rock cafe on Pier 39 ( 10  mins walk ) Alcatraz tour ( 10 mins walk to ferry ) Shopping at Ghiradelli Sq ( next door ) Walk to Lombard St ( 10 mins ) Cable car to Union Square ( next door to hotel )The rooms are very clean, exactly as they look on the web, the bed is the best i have ever slept in!! The rooms have a pay bar which is well stocked, and at reasonable prices.I forgot about the leopard skin robes, thanks to the earlier reviewer for reminding me.All staff were very helpful, they even looked after my bike overnight because i wanted to bike the bridge again early next day on my own!!I would have hated to have stopped in Union Square, Fishermans Wharf is alive and so near to the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz.When going back to SF, i will stay here again!!Any queries, please feel free to e-mail me!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great location! We followed the recommendations of trip advisor and stayed at the Argonaut for 6 nights from 9/14-9/20 and we were not disappointed! What a wonderful hotel, and the location can't be beat! The staff was helpful and courteous. The rooms were very nice and, as stated many times before, the beds were very comfortable! We had an interior room on the top floor and had no problems with noise at all, other than the occasional person in the hallway, typical hotel stuff. We enjoyed the wine reception each evening and met some WONDERFUL people who we enjoyed catching up with each day (HI CLAIRE AND PETER!!! Hope the rest of your trip was wonderful!). I will recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to know the best place to stay in SF!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>two2go
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, but . . . My husband and I recently spent our anniversary at the Argonaut. Our stay was 5 nights. The greeting we received from Donovan, the doorman was absolutely refreshing after a long trip. The hotel was lovely. We loved the lobby and the rooms and they were as depicted in the hotels web site photos. The check in clerk was accomodating but impersonal. The on site restaurant, The Blue Mermaid, chowders, oysters and sandwiches were delightful as well as the service. We loved sitting and having lunch in the courtyard listening to the various musicians. Our room was to be a bay view room but it faced Ghardelli Square where you could slightly see the Golden Gate bridge if you stood at a certain angle, but that was OK because we had one of the rare rooms where one entire wall is the original brick from the warehouse. Loved it. At night you could see the big Ghardelli sign lying in bed. Rm 438. Now the but.., we noticed after the second night our bed linens were not being changed so we called the front desk and asked them to be changed the next day. The next day still no change. We took the bed linens off and threw them on the floor the 4th day. They ask you to do this with the bath towels but did not think this pertained to the bed linens. The second problem we encountered was on making reservations I asked the agent if they held an extra amount over the cost of our stay and the agent said no, we don't do that. So I thought I didn't need to budget that into our vacation, but they did hold 500.00 over the amount of stay. We still had a wonderful time being steps away from the Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and Ghardelli Square. And yes the pier is sort of dirty, but its a pier with fish and stuff, still loved the character. With our little problems we still will only stay at The Argonaut when visiting San Fran. Note: If you are doing any tours the Super Sightseeing tours are the best. The drivers, (who are the narrators) Steve and Jon made our tours so enjoyable. They seemed to love what they do (Carmel and City Tour).  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Posh1
<Content>Thanks to Trip Advisor found the best hotel in San Fran Firstly I would like to thank tripadvisor.com, otherwise I would not be able to write a wonderful review on the Argonaut.I was looking for a good hotel in the Fishermans Wharf area and I trawled through numerous sites looking at facilities and offers. Eventually I booked the Sharaton for our Honeymoon stay. Fortunately I stumbled upon the trip advisor site and read some disturbing reviews of my choice of hotel. Didn't want to disapoint my new wife so I looked at the top choice the Argonaut and thought I would give them ago.Never mind the fact that they were over $20 a night cheaper but the reviews were great from people in the Uk as well as the States, as we do have differing standards that is also important.What a find from the moment you walked in the door after 20 hours travelling until we left six days later feeling refreshed and relaxed we had a great experience. Staff were friendly and helpful but never overbearing or ignorant. Tried to help where possible and helped create a feeling of something quite different to your usual hotel stay, where the front desk area is only seen at check in and check out.The decor may not be to everyones taste but everyone should own one of the leopardskin dressing gowns! The standards set by the hotel housekeepers are extremely high, rooms were always immaculate.Free wine, great idea to meet fellow guests and free internet access, which was not abused.Great location, Fishermans Wharf is what it is, it is vibrant, full of tourists and that is why it is vibrant. The beauty of the Argonaut is it is at the edge and you have the best of everything.I for one will visit again but just don't take my word for it, try it yourself. The vast majority of reviews can't be wrong, and for anyone who gives it two stars, would you want them staying in the same hotel as you? No I don't either, let them go and pay the chain hotels more money for less.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel Spent three days at the Argonaut Hotel in SF in August 2004. Great location, very nicely appointed, wonderful staff. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TA_user_in_England
<Content>Great hotel,tacky area Chose this hotel after reading the reviews on here and was not disappointed. Went for an internal facing room which was pretty quiet [the most noise came from the thud of the newspaper outside the door each morning at 5.50am although we probably wouldn't have heard this were it not for jet lag!]. Rooms were well maintained and very clean with the most comfortable beds on our trip. Staff very friendly.Blue Mermaid handy for breakfast. Hotel handy for local attractions but Fisherman's Wharf even tackier than expected. Not a particularly nice walk between hotel and Pier 39. We got standby tickets for Alcatraz by queueing one morning before 8am, something we may not have done if we weren't staying so close.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VPJ
<Content>One of My Favority Hotels       Cable car turn around--hotel in background  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>!!
<Content>Family Friendly with Loads of Character Stayed at The Argonaut for a week in April 2004. Everything still fresh and new which greatly enhanced stay - we had a fabulous time. Room was huge and very comfortable. Aveda products in bathroom. Room service comprehensive but expensive ... just as easy to go downstairs to excellent Blue Mermaid restaurant; great chowders and children's menu. Decor a little bit Disney-esque but all very good quality and offset against the exposed brick walls it works very well. The hotel has bags of character and seemed to us to be quite unique amoungst the rather faceless big hotels in SF. The Argonaut is child friendly - our five year old son was made to feel very welcome. The staff were without exception dazzlingly helpful and professional; we really got the impression that they were proud of The Argonaut. Valet parking is pricey but very convenient; the one time they took a while to find the car the charge was taken off the bill (without us asking) Location perfect for exploring the city; it is noisy and parts of Fisherman's Wharf are rather tacky but everything is within easy reach. Maybe in time the gloss will fade a little at The Argonaut - the furnishings get a bit tattier and the staff more jaded; we'd love to go back some time to see if they can maintain the momentum!!Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough especially if you have children in tow.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the Argonaut Stayed at the Argonaut four nights August 19-23. While Fisherman's Wharf is too touristy and restaurant choices there are limited, it is still the place to stay on a first visit with kids. And the Argonaut was a great choice. Room was large and clean, beds were very comfortable (best beds on our trip), common areas are very nice and the location on Fisherman's Wharf can't be beat. A bit away from all the really tacky stuff with the National Maritime Historic Park and cable car line right across the street. As previous reviewers have noted, hotel is a little noisy, but nothing unusual for an urban hotel. We thought the Concierge and staff services were great (my kids got a charge when the doorman held the door open for them) and the breakfast in the Blue Mermaid was also good. (A little pricey, but not out of line with local prices.) Bill was incorrect at checkout with an erroneous honor bar charge, but this was quickly corrected. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should have trusted my gut - Argonaut Bait and Switch According to the promise on their website, should I find a lower fare (which I did) they would honor that price and would upgrade on availability.When we arrived, we were informed there were no upgrade rooms available, but did honor the price. We were given a VERY unsatisfactory closet of a room with a view of people walking by on the sidewalk and looking DIRECTLY into our room from a very crowded street. This room wouldn't have been satisfactory at any price.I called to inform the staff and we were left waiting for approximately 20 minutes. We were then informed the only other room available was a smoking room. When I asked what other hotels were in the area, I was told I had already paid for the room, and that another room was available, but that there would be an upgrade charge.Excuse me, but if there wasn't an upgrade available at check in though your website promise, how is there suddenly a room available with an upcharge fee? This is clearly a bait and switch and I did not appreciate such outrageous behavior. However, it was late at night and we certainly were not going to stay in the room first appointed to us.We accepted (very begrudgingly) the upcharge for the room and the porter escorted us to another, much more spacious, much more private room. The rooms are still very poorly insulated and we could hear everything going on down in the courtyard below as well as everything out in the hall. (don't know if there were guests next to us, but we didn't hear them if there were). The porter waited for his tip, bless his heart, but still kinda tacky considering the situation (maybe he was unaware).Otherwise, all the staff (porters/doormen) was very friendly and helpful. We do appreciate that.Overall, I would not, and will not suggest the Argonaut to anyone. Pity as it was very convenient to the trolley system.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zonda
<Content>Top banana Chose the argonaut based on previous reviews. stayed 5 nights in August. Top quality and unusually for a US hotel it has character (previous reviewer who hates kids and prefers a Hyatt is talking bollox). Strongly themed rooms (leopard skin robes seemed a bit incongruous!) with lots of space and great touches such as a multi plug.Get a bay view, open the shutters and there it is , shrouded in mist ... Alcatraz, best view in town.Good quality helpful staff. Blue Mermaid is good breakfast venue. Visit the Pub in cannery square mid afternoon to sit in the sun and try one of the 85 draft beers.Fishermans Wharf is tourist San fran with lots of tat, food options are limted (all owned, by the same families) and expensive. Aliotos has great view good food but tired service . Great location for trolley car, use it to travel downtown early in the morning - no lines. Wait till the afternoon and waste an hour waiting in line.Pier 39 is crowded and vastly overated but the seals were a great free show  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great hotel! Our family, including children 9, 11 and 12, stayed at the Argonaut for 2 nights last week. The location can't be beat! We parked the car and didn't need it again until we departed. From the hotel we were able to walk the entire Wharf, all the way to Coit Tower (incredible view!!!), ride cable cars (the line starts right next door to the hotel) and eat lots of great food! The Ghiradelli Square is a block away. Restuarants there have a view of the San Francisco Bay. Our kids loved the Ghiradelli Chocolate and ice cream store after a long day of sightseeing.The staff at the Argonaut was amazingly friendly and helpful. The kids were treated to a toy from the Treasure chest at check-in and we arrived just in time for the 1 hour complimentary wine tasting in the lobby by the fireplace. The rooms are very new with a warm and cozy nautical theme. My son liked the two internet computers in the lobby available for free guest use to look up information, check email, etc. We also ate breakfast at the hotel's Blue Mermaid next door; very good but a bit pricey. Loved our stay, will definitely stay here next time! Important note: Be sure to make reservations to Alcatraz before your arrival as they sell out weeks before.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location!!! We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Argonaut. As our ride pulled up to the hotel the bell hop rushed out to get out luggage and welcome us to the hotel. We checked in and were on our way to our room. The rooms are long and somewhat narrow. The room has a nice size bathroom with tile and marble, Aveda shampoo and conditioner and lotion, 4 cup coffee pot with Starbucks coffe and Tazo tea, the hair dryer is in a bag that hangs on a hook by the shower. The shower was great, the towels were fluffy and soft. There is a nice desk with plenty of plug ins, nice size closet with a safe and plenty of wood hangers. The bed was very comfy, down comforter and a great blanket. There is a great flat screen tv, honor bar and lounger couch. We chose and interior room from what we had read here. The room was quite. You do hear other peoples doors closing and once in a while you may hear someone in the hall. We had our airconditioner going the whole time so we did not hear much. I did not care about the view, I was not there to hang out in my room. The Blue Mermaid restuarant is pretty good. The best food we had was at Nona Rose's down by pier 39 also at Cipponios, just down the street. There is a bike rental place just at the cannery by the hotel. The cannery is right next door and on weekends they have bands, we sat at Jack's which has 85 different beers on tap. I would say the only down fall to our stay, was that our Honor bar was never restocked and some of the candy in it was old. My husband just went to the liquor store down the street and bought his own beer. All and All I was VERY pleased with the hotel and would stay there again, the location really makes it. The Wharf is very touristy, if you want nice shops go to Market street. We walked from the hotel to China Town, make sure you have good walking shoes, the hills are killer. If you go in August, bring jeans and sweaters or sweatshirts, it does get cool. We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and biked across the Golden Gate Bridge into Socileto (SP) what a cute town, ate at a great sushi bar called Sushi Row. What a great trip  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UStraveller
<Content>Romantic and welcoming We stayed here for 4 days in mid-July and loved every minute of it. As we were on a 3 weeks touring holiday we came with a car and was a bit concerned re parking charges. Found a package on the hotel website which covered room, car parking, American breakfast each day and cable car passes for one day.Our room was a standard and did not have a view but who needs to look outside when there is so much to do outside and the king size bed beckons....The decor was amusing and the robes did not quite go but were cozy.we made good use of the wine reception each evening, sitting on the steamer chairs at the side of the room and looking at our fellow guests, trying to figure out what they were doing there etc. The 2 computers were well used but with no monopolizing. My husband loved the free internet access which we did not get in a Las Vegas hotel which charged a lot more.Toiletries in bathroom were very good and we just loved the whole experience.Only 2 minor problems, the service could be a tad slow in the Blue Mermaid at breakfast but the staff were very obliging. We also were charged initially for the car parking until we pointed out that we were on a package.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, terrible location How do you write a review of a very good hotel that happens to be located in an area that you absolutely hate? We stayed at The Argonaut for 4 nights in July 2004. It is quite a fancy hotel in a renovated warehouse adjacent to the Cannery at the end of the main drag in Fisherman's Wharf. The decor is nautical and some of the original details like wooden beams and iron rivets have been kept intact. The rooms have bathrobes, coffeemakers, refrigerators, and safes but are fairly small. We had requested a room with two queen-size beds but were told upon arrival that no such room was available. Instead we were offered a king-size bed with a roll-away for our daughter at an extra cost of $20 for the entire stay. We were told that some king-size rooms did not accommodate a roll-away, but that ours did. However, I doubt that was true because our room got extremely crowded with the roll-away in it. We also had to ask twice to get the roll-away delivered to our room.On the plus side was a spacious fitness room with up-to-date equipment, free Internet access from two computers in the common area, and a daily complementary wine reception in what is pretentiously called the living room (read: reception area; I guess the fire place is supposed to give it a more homey feeling). The staff was professional and courteous, albeit a bit impersonal.This was our first time in San Francisco and had we realized how much we would hate Fisherman's Wharf (have never seen such a concentration of tourist shlock anywhere), we would never have chosen The Argonaut despite its many fine qualities.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed I stayed at the Argonaut in early July based on recommendations in this and other forums. I would not recommend this hotel for anyone seeking a quiet or romantic spot or a luxury property. The hotel was packed with families and the walls are thin. We could hear all of the family noise from the room next door. The lobby was full of teen-agers and family groups. The teens monopolized the two computers in the lobby. Since this is a feature highlighted by the hotel, they should provide more computers.The staff was extremely young. This might have been their first job. When I asked about switching rooms after the first night of our 4 night stay, they said that the family next to us was checking out that day so we decided not to switch rooms. They actually checked out the following day. And guess what, the next occupant of the room next to ours also had young noisy children. But at that point we were unpacked so it wasn't worth switching and besides we weren't in the room all that much. The lobby was OK, but not what I expected from a 4 star hotel. For what we paid a night, I expected a more spacious room and more luxury in the lobby. The rooms are strange; we had a deluxe king, which meant we had a view. However our room was a rectangular shape, long and narrow. Very narrow. The bathroom didn't have a normal locking door; it was a pocket door. This didn't matter to my husband and me but it is weird. The bathroom itself was fine. The bed was very comfortable. The best thing about the room was that it had a multi-outlet surge protector power strip into which we could plug in (to recharge) all of our various equipment (2 cell phones, digital camera, Blackberry, and laptop). As we travel, we find that most hotel rooms do not have sufficient outlets.The nautical motif was fine, but taken to the extreme. Our room and bathroom didn't have to be shaped and outfitted like a ship's room. The location was very good in that it was at the end of the Wharf so it is not as busy as other hotels. It was convenient to the cable car and buses. The Wharf is tacky and touristy but sometimes that can be fun, depending what you are looking for.The reason I am posting this is that a traveler seeking top accomodations at Fisherman's Wharf may be better off staying at the Hilton or Hyatt. I got to believe that they cost less money and the rooms are larger and quieter.I think this hotel would be fine for families with teens or for travelers who don't expect sophistication, quiet, and exlusiveness in a four star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Fisherman's Wharf This is a beautiful hotel, very modern, nautical and overall original. I love what they did to the old historical warehouse. The staff is very nice and tries to accomodate you even if you have any problems. We had an issue upon check in regarding our room. We paid extra to have a view and got a sparse view of the golden gate bridge overlooking the side street to ghiradelli square - the sidewalk was right there because of the angle of the hill (I couldn't believe they would call this a view!!!). After several calls to the front desk, we were moved to a better room. It faced Alcatraz (make sure you get this view) but it was a lot louder because of the crowds. We didn't mind...letting the cool air in and the sound of live music was cozy and memorable.We dined at the hotel's restaurant, the Blue Mermaid. Everything we had was delicious. Try their trio of chowders and their mac  cheese.There is a nightly wine reception and a couple of computers in the lobby for a quick check of email. Fisherman's wharf is walkable distance but it gets crowded at times (tough with our stroller). However, it is the atmosphere that we remember and love and it always brings us back. We just like being close to all the action.My parents stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf...reminds me of an upgraded Holiday Inn. Small rooms but the beds were really comfortable. Our last stay was at the Best Western Tuscan Inn. It is much nicer with some perks but a little snobby for me. I will only stay at the Argonaut from now on. I would give it a 4 1/2 if I could....  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MaineJane
<Content>Absolutely recommended! We stayed at the Argonaut for a week at the beginning of August. We originally had planned to stay at the Radisson on Fisherman's Wharf, but changed to the Argonaut based on the reviews at Tripadvisor. We absolutley loved the Argonaut! Everyone was very personable, and the concierge was helpful when we needed to book tours. The location was perfect, too! So close to cable cars, Pier 39, Ghiaradelli Square, the Cannery, and even bike rentals. The room was huge and extremely clean. The bed was the most comfortable one we'd slept in! When we go back to SF, we'll definitely stay at the Argonaut.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bobkatevan
<Content>Nice Hotel - Location Great       Nice Amenities  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lakemurrayscfan
<Content>Great place to stay We recently stayed at the Argonaut (July 22 - 25) based on TripAdvisor reviews and we were not disappointed. We heard no noise from outside nor did we hear any interior noise. We had asked for adjoining rooms and as the other reviewer noted, they did deliver on their promise. NO one else we called would do that. Expect to pay for parking in San Francisco but hotel is so conveniently located (Hyde St. Cable Car right there, muni trains, cabs) you may want to rethink getting a car until you really need it (when you leave the city!) Ate breakfast at the restaurant -- no other meals. Seemed expensive but it was delicious. You cannot beat the location - as others have said the beds are fabulous -- staff was delightful and very helpful -- we'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LVGAL
<Content>One of the Best! This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at! And living near Las Vegas, where some of the best are, the Argonaut rates higher than many of those here. The nautical theme is carried throughout, and was very imaginative. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The beds were just wonderful!!! The location was perfect. Close enough to everything on Fisherman's Wharf, yet not smack in the middle of all the craziness. Very close to the beach and ocean, a park and the trolley. A variety of restaurants and shops nearby. The Cannery next door was great for entertainment, bars, shopping and food. I will stay here every time that I visit San Francisco, and I recommend that you do, too!!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy hotel, isolated, tacky location Noisy Hotel, Tacky Location. Staff was nice enough, hotel clean, beds and pillows were great, power strip on the desk nice touch, nice robes- but hotel is LOUD. We could hear cell phones ringing and japanese converstaions from the room next door all hours of the night and early (2:30 am)morning. And loud people in the hallways 24 hours a day. To make things much worse... saturday morning at 9:30, really bad Carole King songs from the folk guitar player in the courtyard restaurant next door!. Horrible... Above all else, Fishermans Wharf is a tourist wasteland. NOTHING but tshirts, camera stores and bad driftwood art. And it is an isolated location from the rest of the city. For this reason alone I would avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy We stayed in the Argonaut one night returning from Hawaii before going up to Napa. We had an interior room, but it was so noisy - we could hear people in the hall, next door and above. It almost felt like the people were in our room. The staff was nice but not very helpful. We arrived late (almost 11) and asked for dinner recommendations. They had none, although Denny's was 1/2 block away and several diners were close by. The room was nice and had nice features. But for the price, I'd go elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyond compare! Easily the nicest/coolest hotel I've ever been in. The location is great- right at Fisherman's Wharf (tons of great eating- try the lobster at Scoma's!). Cable cars  boat/bus/carriage tours are within easy walking distance. Hotel staff was perfect. Free internet-access computer for guest use. Decor is amazing- nautical themes  fancy electronics. One warning: Be prepared to shell out LOTS of extra money. No free breakfast, valet parking is 36.48 (w/tax) per night, lots of tipping,  beware the disHonor Bar. Each room is fully stocked with a variety of items  you will be charged outrageous prices to replace whatever you take.TIP: Try to upgrade to a suite- unbelievable! We had reserved a 2-bed room but because they didn't have one when we arrived they offered a suite at no extra charge. Huge bathroom with whirlpool, living  sitting rooms, 2 TVs both with DVD players.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marney
<Content>Great place to stay at Fisherman's Wharf Read reviews of the Argonaut and decided to try it out. Our family traveled to California in mid-July 2004 and reserved 2 adjoining rooms at the Argonaut as we were traveling with our children, ages 19, 16, and 12. The rooms were perfect; a king bed in one with a sofa (not a pull-out) and 2 queen beds in the adjacent room. Both room were beautifully appointed in nautical themes. Really appreciated the hotel GUARANTEEING adjoining rooms as many these days won't. The biggest disappointment during our stay was our visit to the hotel's Blue Mermaid Chowder House for dinner. Went on a Sunday evening, and were seated immediately. Restaurant not more than 3/4 full, yet it took almost an hour to get our food, AFTER giving order to the waiter. Really, how hard is it to make up one chicken fingers kid's meal, 2 fish sandwiches, and a couple of salads??!! Food a big disappointment, too. Far too pricey for substandard service and food quality. We'll definitely stay at the Argonaut on our next visit to SF but will bypass the Blue Mermaid! The wonderful Tarantino's is just a short walk down the street or one could choose from a number of other restaurants in the immediate area. There are a couple of little diner/cafe places a block or so from the hotel, serving great, reasonably priced breakfasts.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay, great location I stayed at this hotel after seeing this rated number 1 on this site and I was not disappointed. The rate was very good, especially since it was late July- we booked 2 rooms for 2 nights, each $150 first night, $125 second night through Expedia.com. The rooms were very nicely decorated and super clean. They provided down blankets and pillows and Aveda toiletries. The bed was very comfortable. The location was great, right at the edge of Fisherman's Wharf. We were able to walk everywhere and if necessary take public transportation around the city. The rooms we stayed didn't offer a view but we were only in the rooms to sleep anyway. The only drawback was the cost of parking-- $32 a night, although this is pretty common for hotels in a major city.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Argonaut was Excellent!!! We just got back from our 3 night stay at this wonderful hotel (July 26-28). Upon arrival we were greeted by the very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms were very nice with the most comfortable beds I've ever seen in a hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent for visiting the Wharf. I will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and relatives.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>qbertec
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This hotel is unbelievable! It is truly really nice. We checked in really late because we took the red-eye. We were impressed when we saw the hotel, it was beautifully decorated. It is about 4-5 blocks from Pier 39. Its not as far as it sounds, but its far away from the noise. When we got there, they didnt have anymore regular double bed rooms left, so they happily upgraded us to the king suite. If you can afford this room rate of $490/night, do yourself a favor and get this. The room was just spectacular. We peeked in to the regular rooms and they were just as nice, just not nearly as big. The staff was very accomodating here. For those who have children, to the immediate left of the lobby desk, theres a treasure chest that has toys that they encourage the kids to take.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IyerRochester_NY
<Content>Good value We stayed 6 mights in July 2004. It is near the tacky tourist shops of Fisherman's wharf, but far enough to be quiet. Right on the Bay- great views 100 yards away! Cable car station acreoss the street. Many nearby restaurants, thogh you will find better value if you take the bus to North Beach or Russian Hill (or walk- good exercise!) The room was comfortable, large, nicely furnished. Helpful concierge. Free wine in the evening in the Lobby!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amsohio
<Content>Outstanding Hotel Just spent 3 nights at the Argonaut and we loved it. The hotel is 1 yr old and is very clean and very convenient to what we wanted to see. The staff was very helpful. We had great view of SF bay but I believe we had to request a bay view room. I read several reviews prior to our trip about the noise, but we had no problems with noise at all, despite the fact that our room overlooked the main street (Jefferson) which had plenty of car and foot traffic. We loved the hotel and strongly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guye
<Content>As described before: wonderful We stayed at this great hotel for three nights in July. The features have already been well described by other users, but I would emphasize that the beds were the best I have experienced in a hotel, and the location was perfect for a first visit to San Francisco. The only criticism would be the disconcertingly thin walls between rooms resulting in overheard conversations.The staff were friendly and professional, and the free internet access provided in the lobby was a nice touch.The rate was good too; the hotel price-matched a rate we found on Expedia without a problem, but the promised free upgrade unfortunately was not available at check-in.I would definitely stay here again, but would try a hotel near Union Square for our second visit to SF as I think we have exhausted Fisherman's Wharf / Alctraz etc for now.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdkDelaware
<Content>Tops! Spent three nights there with our two teenage daughters. What a great place! Awesome location (right next to the Hyde Street cable car station and across the street from Fisherman's Wharf) and just perfect service and rooms. We upgraded our room to a window view......not a real great view but a much larger room than the still-fine standard room of our kids. Parking was pricey ($30 a day) but the valet service was tops, making for a quick getaway. Thanks to Trip Advisor....we picked this (canceled our reservations at the Wharf Inn......good move, it looked like sort of a dump) solely on the basis of the top rating, which is well deserved. Book now before rates go up!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Magical Experience! Our three-night stay at the Argonaut July 20-22 was a highlight of our week's vacation in San Francisco and Wine Country. Every employee (and, come to think of it, every other guest we had contact with) was friendly, upbeat, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy being there. We don't often participate in hotel wine tastings while we're on vacation, but we made a point to be at the fireplace in the Argonaut's lobby by 5:00 just to enjoy the camaraderie and the ambiance of the place. Also, our room was a delight. The bed was the most comfortable we've ever had in a hotel, the linens were wonderful, and the leopard pattern bathrobes were a nice touch. Enough has already been written about the outstanding interior design details. We join the crowd in rating it a 10. Amaxingly, all of this comes at a reasonable price! Rates at run-of-the mill chain hotels in Wine Country cost more than we paid at the Argonaut. I can't wait to go back and to try other hotels in the Kimpton Group.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in SF! Stayed at the Argonaut in March 2004, but have only just round to writing the review.Easily the nicest hotel I have stayed in anywhere and by far the nicest in San Francisco. Spotlessly clean well appointed room (and perfectly quiet at night), very comfortable bed, perfect location, friendly helpful staff and unbeatable value for money. I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location We did not stay here because of the price, we had booked another hotel and some coach tours over the internet. However, we had registered with the Argonaut on the internet for e-mail special offers and guess what, a week before our departure an e-mail came through with a really good last minute deal, but because we had booked coach trips to pick us up at the other hotel, we did not want to change it and risk messing the tours up. On our 2nd day in SF, we walked passed the Argonaut and regretted not booking it, as it looked a good hotel in a very good location next to the cable car turn-around, the Ghirardelli shopping centre, Fisherman's Wharf and the Cannery.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djkbooks
<Content>Fabulous in every way... From the moment we were met at the door when we drove up, we found the service at this hotel exceptionally friendly and helpful, throughout, all during our stay. We also found the hotel beautiful and comfortable. At first, I thought the nautical theme and decor a bit excessive, but grew to enjoy it enormously during our stay.The reception area is warm and inviting, along with the enormous 鈥渓iving room鈥?with fireplace. For once, our room looked exactly like the one in the photo (except for the view out the window) on the website! Our room was quite spacious with a truly comfortable bed (very nice linens, awesome comforter, plenty of wonderful pillows with more in the closet) and a sitting area with a couch with a large desk in between (with free high speed internet access). The (27 Sony flat screen) TV was atop a large cabinet and swivelled to be viewed perfectly from either the bed or the couch. All our favorite cable stations were available. The cabinet had drawers on one side and a spacious refrigerator on the other side (with space for your own things, or you could remove honor bar items for even more space). The large bathroom was all tile and marble and very nicely appointed with a coffee pot (Starbucks coffee), Aveda products and plenty of large, thick, white towels (with no bleach aroma whatsoever). It was very well lit and there was also a magnifying makeup mirror and blow dryer (not attached to the wall, so you could dry your hair elsewhere if you liked). Terrific shower head (adjustable) with plenty of hot water and pressure. The sizeable closet contained a safe, plenty of nice wooden hangers (with regular hooks), along with an iron and ironing board.This room had the finest lighting of any we鈥檝e ever experienced. Among the many, perfectly located (without impossible to figure out switches) lamps was a lovely large tubular lamp with dimmer switch (fabulous, oh so romantic!). The desk lamp and the reading lamps on either side of the bed were 3-way. Climate control was excellent. The casement window (covered with terrific louvered shutters for breezes with privacy) opened for fresh air.There was a huge (6' or larger?) convex 鈥減orthole鈥?mirror on the wall opposite the bed which, along with the lamp with the dimmer switch, rendered the 鈥渆xperience鈥?quite atmospheric!Housekeeping was meticulous. Each time I left a note, my request was fulfilled. Room service was swift with our order beautifully presented, with food (breakfast) that was excellent and not outrageously priced.Though our room faced Beach Street, and there was a sidewalk right underneath our window, the street noise was minimal. Some rooms have 鈥渧iews鈥? I would suggest insisting that your room not be on the interior, where all views are of a concrete courtyard and the windows of other room windows. Note also that the hotel is an entire city block long, so your room (our was) could be quite a hike from the elevators.Though we鈥檝e never had the urge to stay in the Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf neighborhood, we loved the location of the Argonaut. It鈥檚 at the far western edge just half a block from the Powell/Hyde cable car turnaround (and another half block from the Buena Vista Caf茅!). There were convenient bus/streetcar routes to everywhere (Downtown, the Embarcadero, Cow Hollow, Marina...) nearby, and finding a taxi was never a problem. A Rite-Aid (with soda, water, etc.) was two blocks away, along with a Starbucks.The hotel is part of the Cannery with many dining opportunities, and many more in every direction (Restaurant Gary Danko is two blocks away). The boat, bus, motorized cable car, tours are all within blocks.The Blue Mermaid restaurant within the hotel is very (very) casual with a moderately priced menu of appealing offerings (including half a dozen or more chowders served in bread bowls) and tables set outdoors in the courtyard of the Cannery.Though there is no cocktail lounge (and the restaurant closes at 9PM week nights, 10PM Friday and Saturday), there are lots of nice places (including the aforementioned Buena Vista Caf茅 - famous for their Irish Coffee) nearby.I joined my husband during a business trip (he stayed at the Concord Hilton before and after) for four nights. Once at the Argonaut, however, I wished I had planned a longer stay!We found this hotel enormously beautiful, comfortable and appealing in every way. We do not appreciate or favor fancy, or swanky, or way sleek, or stuffy, so the Argonaut was perfect for us.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but somewhat noisy I stayed at the hotel on Friday, July 23. The hotel was very nice, and the staff was very friendly. I loved the Nautica theme! The rooms were nice sized, but I woke up at 6:30 a.m. when the guests in the adjacent room got up. I could hear almost every word of their conversation, and they were speaking at a normal level. Also, the ice machine was three to four doors down, and it's behind a door. However, it's necessary for the door to be open to access the ice, and you could hear it whenever somebody got ice. Parking was $32.00 per day, which was slightly above what appears to be an average rate of $25.00 per day for San Francisco. After paying the room rate, taxes and parking, the room came to about $355.00 for one night. For just a little more than half that amount, I would opt for the Grosvenor Suites Hotel, which is older and does not have a lobby to speak of. However, if you're looking for a good location and a nice size room for a reasonable price, I would recommend the Grosvenor Suites. If you're looking to impress somebody, then I would stay at the Argonaut Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dhwheatl
<Content>Loved the place! Just spent 3 nights at the Argonaut Hotel. If we ever get back to S.F. I would definately stay there again. I can't think of one negative complaint about the place. The room decor was awesome - loved the bed and pillows (I want those pillows!)even the leopard print bathrobes were fun! It was in really the perfect location (in my opinion) - close to the cable cars, shopping, and restaurants. The wine reception from 5 - 6 PM was nice also. Everyone was very friendly and helpful that worked there.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the best This is so late, we stayed over 4th of July for 3 nites. WHAT a WONDERFUL PLACE!! The last nite I thought I was at home the bed was sooooo comfortable, the walls a little thin for noice, I can't wait to go back. Keep up the good work. The breakfast place behind the hotel is to die for , fresh tangerine, orange, mango juice and the best BREAKFAST ANYWHERE. 2 TA LU  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very friendly We really enjoyed this hotel. Stayed there for one week. The beds were soooo comfy and the wine reception was a nice touch. If you are interested in the Fisherman's Wharf area, this is the place for you. The staff was extremely helpful with directions and they were always pleasant. In fact, when our car did not arrive to bring us to the airport for our departure, the bellman had a taxi for us within 2 minutes. Great service!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and location The location at Pier 35 gave great views. The service by all was very good. The rooms in this historic building are beautiful and beds so comfortable. It is close to everything on the wharf.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanas
<Content>What's not to love? My son and I have stayed in San Francisco before and we have always stayed at Union Square. This time we decided to try the Wharf, but none of the hotels appealed to us except the Argonaut, so we gave it a try. We have stayed at a Kimpton hotel before and knew of their quality. We just returned from 4 nights at the Argonaut, and let me just say that we will never stay anywhere else in San Francisco again!!! What a great hotel! I am afraid that when others start discovering this hotel that the prices will go sky high!! Love the decor, yes, it is a bit loud, but what fun! We had a bayside view right across from the cable car turnaround, but noise was really not a problem. The wine reception is very nice, and the LOCATION, all I can say is that there is no better one to be had, if you want to stay by the ocean, go to Sausilito, etc. We did not try the Blue Mermaid restaurant, having only seen bad reviews, but we did not have to, because there are many, many restaurants right outside the door. The staff was very professional and friendly. I have stayed in many wonderful hotels, and I have to say that this one is one of my favorites. Beds are very comfy, and our room was very large. Only improvement would be to make the bathrooms larger, but overall just a first class hotel!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>purpletlc
<Content>LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION I just returned from 4 nights and it was fantastic!! I brought my in-laws whom are visiting from England and they could not believe the quality of this hotel!! You can walk just about anywhere!! We had a bayview room on the cable car turn around side, it was a bit noisy at night, but we were out late anyway. The wine reception is a terrific touch and the beds  pillows the most comfortable I have ever experienced in a hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location! This was our first visit to San Francisco. We chose this hotel based on the previous reviews. Location was perfect, at end of Fisherman's Wharf away from the hustle but close enough for convenience. The front desk, bellhop and other staff were excellent. The resturant was fast and friendly. The original wood beams and brick were carefully preserved and very attractive in the guest rooms. After reading a previous negative comment concerning parking I was concerned. True, the valet parking was expensive at $30 per night, but there was a very convenient parking garage directly behind the hotel that was only $18 per night on weekdays that we walked to thru the lovely square between the hotel and the cannery (a beautifully restored building also). Better views are found in rooms facing the exterior. (Hotel is shaped like a donut with some rooms facing the middle).  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kirkland_Traveller
<Content>Great place to stay! Where do I start? This is an awesome hotel! My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over 4th of July weekend in 2004. The location was great for a 1st time visit - just blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf, and right next to a cable car turnaround. The hotel is decorated with a nautical theme - very cute. Rooms are spacious (we opted for one with a king size bed, which left room for a couch and ottoman in front of the TV) and clean. The staff was always courteous and helpful. A nice surprise was the wine happy hour each evening for guests. I would definitely stay here again, and will recommend The Argonaut to family and friends. Next time, the only thing I will do differently is not to pay extra for a room with a view of the bay. We would have been able to see the Golden Gate bridge perfectly, if not for all the fog. The hotel is also attached to a maritime museum, which is fun to cruise through.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Location in Fisherman's Wharf Stayed from 8 - 12 July. Great hotel with maritime theme throughout lobby and rooms. V Helpful front desk and concierge. Located in classier end of Fisherman's Wharf next to cable car turnaround and away from touristy shops.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! What a great hotel! Stayed here last September with our 2 kids and just loved it. Friendly staff, great decor. Only complaint would be slow (and expensive, but typical for SF) valet parking. Stayed at the Hyatt in Union Square a few months after our visit to The Argonaut and it paled in comparison, plus it was much more expensive for a MUCH smaller and shabbier room. Close proximity to cable cars, wharf etc. Try it, you'll like it!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Non-smokers be forewarned: This hotel has an unbeatable location. While our room was clean and had a beautiful view, the stench of cigarette smoke permeated everything in the room so severely that it prevented us from getting sleep. We were disappointed, as we had specifically requested a non-smoking room at the time of our reservation. The manager did offer a free breakfast to make up for the problem, but I would recommend that non-smokers INSIST on a non-smoking room or a refund of your money - the smell was that overwhelming. Also, be advised that parking is extremely expensive, even for hotel guests.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlyceBostonMA
<Content>Best Hotel for the $$ in San Francisco This is absolutely the best hotel for the money in all of San Francisco. We stayed here for five nights at the end of June. The location is perfect. Giradelli Square is right around the corner, cable cars even closer and the Wharf right at your feet. The room we had was spotless and the Aveda products a nice touch. Personally I loved the decor and found the lobby with it's comfortable chairs and fireplace to be an inviting place to rest after a day of sightseeing. We took advantage of the wine hour from 5-6 three evenings during our stay and found it a great place to chat with other guests. The doormen were wonderful and the other hotel staff were very accomodating. Thanks to all who reviewed this hotel since that's how we ended up there.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic place to stay After a lot of research on where to stay in San Francisco, I chose the Argonaut and was so happy! It was the last leg of our California adventure and it had a happy ending. From the moment the bell captain greated us to stepping into our room, to the best mattress I've ever slept in, we were very pleased. I would probably spend the extra to upgrade to a view of the bay next time, however, our room was extremely quiet and after a long day of sight seeing, it was great to return to a tastefully decorated, clean, quiet room. The wine reception was also appreciated! We will recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the bay area and we will definately return one day!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ducks062
<Content>Great hotel find in San Francisco The Argonaut Hotel was everything we expected. The staff was quite helpful, and the location was perfect. We stayed on the top floor overlooking the bay. It's worth the additional cost. We were also able to see when the cable car lines were short! This can be critical when staying for only one night, fitting in as much sight-seeing as possible.The details in the room such as Aveda products and fun decor sets the Argonaut apart from the typical chain hotels. The bedding was super comfortable too. If you're looking for a small boutique hotel, the Argonaut is a great choice!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! My husband had stayed at the Argonaut previously and insisted that we stay there when we went up together. The idea of Fisherman's Wharf turned me off, but I relented and we stayed in a room with a view at the Argonaut. I could not have been more happy..the view of the Park and Bay was wonderful, running in the morning was a delight and the staff could not have been more sincere, down to earth, eager to please, happy and well trained. However, one night the hotel was very busy and it seemed that the staff acted a bit rushed and frantic. We did use the restaurant for breakfast and it was fine, but there are so many excellent restaurants in San Francisco why stay for dinner. I would highly recommend this hotel if you like being by the water. It's great.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mbroo
<Content>Argonaut Hotel - A- Just returned from the Wharf after spending two nights at the Argonaut Hotel.The Hotel location, amenities, value and cleanliness were excellent. The service staff were excellent.Highly recommended - we had three adults and 3 children (ages 13, 13 and 7). The kids loved the place! They also loved the Hotel's restaurant, the Blue Mermaid!Why an A- instead of an A+ - because the concierge/check-in staff were less than helpful on two occasions.The first was on initial check in. Traveling with children we had requested adjoining rooms only to find that our rooms were located quite some distance apart.The explanation was that the hotel was full and they had to do some moving around to accomodate other visitors. NOT GOOD ENOUGH since we had made reservations quite some time before. Personally, we could care less about their booking problems.Anyway, they made it right by upgrading one of the rooms to a suite. MOST EXCELLENT! It was quite superior to the standard room.We inquired whether all 6 persons could just stay in the suite (with roll aways) and was told NO. However, when we checked back later (different staff), we were told YES! So the second night we all stayed in the suite (which had a premo hot tub/whirlpool overlooking the bay!).Persistence pays off!Anyway, we would recommend both the hotel and the restaurant (on its own).Oh the other occasion, the we asked the concierge where the closest ATM was and his directions were less than accurate and obviously less than helpful.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location The Argonaut Hotel was in an excellent location. It is uniquely decorated and the beds and pillows are heavenly. The restaurant service was slow in the mornings but all of the staff was friendly and helpful. It would be nice if they offered coffee service in the lobby during the early hours of the day.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juice23
<Content>Wow! What can I say - we loved this hotel! We booked for Valentine's Day weekend, and had a fabulous time. The room we stayed in was a small inside room without a view, but we didn't miss a thing. The decor was homey, yet elegant, and the Aveda products that are in the bathroom are top notch. On a side note, I arranged a boxed lunch to be available at the desk for a very early morning day trip, and the items were not ready when they were supposed to be - I think that this was more an issue with the restaurant, however. I would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a romantic location... 5 stars!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great service. My husband researched the Argonaut on tripadvisor.com and it lived up to the reviews. The location is better than any of the other hotels out there that we actually saw and had researched. It was right on the Wharf, we had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge and a pretty park and the cable car and Ghirardelli Square were a very short walk away. The staff was courteous and always willing to help with everything. They helped with small and large details. The nautical theme was cute and definitely not too much. Two issues-One-We didn't hear any outdoor noise but we could hear the people next door to our room really well which was definitely disconcerting! Two-A full length mirror would have been nice! Overall, I would definitely recommend the Argonaut to anyone and would stay there again myself.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dadams
<Content>Wonderful experience! The Argonaut is a wonderful hotel. The staff are very helpful, from the doormen and the front desk to the concierge and housekeeping. A lovely surprise is the 5pm wine tasting in the lobby. The guestroom is very comfortable and we have plenty of space to spread out. There are even Aveda products in the bathroom! Considering the hotel is right on Fishermans Wharf, you'd expect a lot of noise but we didn't have any issues - it was very quiet, almost soundproofed. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robbogee
<Content>Don't change the decor       Nautical decor  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great location and service to match The location in the city was great with the wharf at your doorstep and Ghirardelli's Sundae's just a few blocks away. The Hotel itself has a very unique nautical themed decor and a nice afternoon wine reception, with very reasonable rates. The staff was extremely helpfull and courteous. As a general rule I do not right reviews or responses of this kind but our stay here made it worth taking the extra effort to write these compliments. Thanks to the Argonaut Hotel and Staff for a great weekend!   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All The Good Reviews Are True I researched many hotels before my husband and I traveled to San Francisco on May 19-22. The Argonaut received great reviews and I couldn't agree with them more. This hotel is a converted factory in the same complex with the historic Cannery. It's brick walls and huge timber beams add a lot of character to the large rooms. The pictures of the rooms show the nautical theme. My only concern was that the rooms would be death by theme and resemble some hokey Disney resort. Not at all. The rooms are very tastefully decorated and the nautical theme ties into the hotel's fabulous location - near the Wharf and across from the Hyde Street Pier and Nautical Museum. Across the street is the historic turn-around for the Hyde-Powell cable car line. Our room had a great view out of the large plantation shutters down to a quaint park. There is a nice and casual restaurant on premise, The Blue Mermaid. For breakfast, check out the dive restaurants right behind the hotel that serve excellent waffles and pancakes (Off North Point). Everything you could want is within walking distance, including Ghiradelli Square a block or so away. I can't forget the ever friendly staff who were very professional, the wine tastings in the afternoon, the Aveda products, and you will not find a more comfortable hotel bed anywhere. The only thing that went wrong was that I almost got charged with valet parking when we did not even pick up our rental car until check-out, but as I was about to sign the charges without even reviewing them, the clerk asked me to please double-check all of the charges and then immediately credited the erroneous charges. This hotel is outstanding.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A really really nice place to stay We chose to stay at the Argonaut primarily because of the positive reviews on this site. It was certainly the right thing to do . the reviews were right on the money.The Argonaut was indeed a very quiet ,friendly place to stay.The staff could not have been more accomodating . ( Having read one writers complaint re:noise I asked for a quiet room and was located in an ideal spot kity corner with a view of the bay and courtyard dead quiet for the entire week's stay. The location is great for both walking about ,accessing cable cars and the quiant old street cars. The decor was indeed nautical not too surprising for a facility located on the wharf, adjacent to the maritime museum and across the street from SF Bay.. bright clean and upbeat-ish ( ( baaah to beige as one writer suggested:-) Internet access made the visit picture perfectLooking forward toa return visit there already a great place to staay !!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Parking!!!! Nice hotel but no parking on premises, valet parking will cost you $34 plus tax a day. Closest public parking garage is around the block and closes at midnight. If you drive to the hotel add the valet parking fees to your hotel budget.   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>corgimomDallas
<Content>a rare find on the whart I almost hate to write this review, knowing that this little known hotel will start to be fully booked once the word is out. The newest and closest hotel to the wharf (right across the street). I thoroughly enjoyed getting up early, going to Starbucks (two blocks down) and walking down to the pier to watch the sea lions and the fog before everyone else was out and about. The doorman at the Argonaut was wonderful. The front desk staff was a little young, but helpful. The lobby (just off the maritime museum foyer) is warm and cozy with a fireplace and lots of couches and chairs. I enjoyed the nautical decor in the rooms - the space reminds you of a cruise ship with long and narrow rooms, and a wonderful huge porthole mirror on the wall. The bath is a little small, but the pocket door helps you navigate the space. the robe and makeup mirror were extra nice touches. No view from my room, but I never spend much time looking out the window when I can go outside and smell the salty air. Beds were comfy and crisp. The Chowder house attached isn't anything to rave about (almost a serve-yourself place) but the italian restaurant across the street is wonderful. The rates were unbelievably low for the wharf area - under $150. We'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, clean, cozy and very friendly This is one of the nicest, most convenient hotels near Fisherman's Wharf. The room was spotless and very clean. The courtyard view was very quaint (where in the evenings and weekends there is patio dining and occasional live music). This was also one of the quietest rooms I've had anywhere in quite some time. The staff were very cheerful and accomodating, and make you feel right at home.The rooms are somewhat eclectic in style (in a very good way) and were designed to give the feel of a cozy cruise ship cabin in some respects. The beds are GREAT! Very comfortable, nice comforters, great pillows...almost didn't want to get up the next morning!There are some nice touches, too. Robes in the closet, good towels, DVD/CD players, and high quality televisions. Lastly, this hotel has a FANTASTIC location. You can simply stroll out the door and find yourself surrounded by a fantastic array of dining and entertainment, and certainly some of San Francisco's most popular attractions. I would would certainly stay here again and recommend the Argonaut to all of my friends.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelpalooza
<Content>What's There Not To Love? My Husband and I just visited SF and stayed at the Argonaut this past weekend. Every good thing we read about this hotel on this site is absolutely 100% correct - I couldn't wait to write my review, it's that great. The location is the best! Everything we did was w/in walking distance except for watching a Gaints game which was a short cab ride away. The service is impecable. The doorman assisted us with a cab, conceirge made dinner reservations for us - everyone was professional and treated us as if we were the only visitors staying there. The room was exceptionally clean and I am VERY particular about cleanliness. All the perks for the mere $139 we paid for a king w/courtyard view room was incredible ~ the Aveda products, Starbucks coffee, stylish robes, flat screen tv, dvd player, plantation shutters, nauticle theme etc... We can't wait to bring the kids back. My only worry is that the price will go up once people find out what a treasure this place is.   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel, dodgy decor! Ended up here through hotwire after an amazing tour of west coast. Really liked the hotel, rooms, staff etc great. Only couple of minor criticisms, what is going on with the decor? The nautical theme taken to the extreme (port holes and stars on blue background). send a make-over team in with the mantra 'neutral is best'.One last thing, we were given a room with a connecting door, which is slightly disconcerting when a people attempt to open it from other side, plus bit noisy due to lack of insulation.Seriously though. would definitely recommend this place for first time visitors to SF, great location.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! We stayed at the Argonaut for our honeymoon... And had a wonderful time. Found a great deal through Expedia... But then called hotel and paid extra to secure a room with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Hotel is in an excellent location... Walk 50 yards to get ice cream from Ghirdhelli and eat it on the beach. Next-door to cable car turnaround, etc.Staff was very helpful and friendly, and, most importantly, rooms were clean!!! I would definately stay there again, and highly recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful hotel (brand new) friendly staff beautiful hotel. the most comfortable bed i've slept on at a hotel, very helpful staff (they make you feel like royalty)...however put the do not disturb sign on your door because housekeeping can be very persistant!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jo3316
<Content>A great hotel You can't fault this hotel for a visit to San Fransisco. Situated at Fishermans Wharf, just around the corner fron the Cable Car Terminus and handy for Pier 39 and ferries for Alcatraz. The hotel is based on a nautical theme and is very friendly. The rooms are spacious enough for a family of 4 and are all very modern - we were offered an upgrade for two of the nights we stayed but we didn't bother as we were more then happy with our existing room. The hotel happily matched an Expedia room rate I had found after making my original booking. You really can't go wrong here - especially with free wine tasting at 5.00pm !  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place for the money... There were 8 of us traveling (4 adults and 4 kids)and we got two rooms with 2 queen size beds which are hard to find in S.F. I had asked for 2 connecting rooms at the time of reservations but it was kind of a struggle to get them when we got there. The rooms were clean and quiet and we were only on the 2nd floor. The wine hour was a nice addition. Poeple working there were all very curtious. The location couldn't have been better. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BDex
<Content>Great place to stay! This is a great place to stay - stayed for 3 nights in late March - room was good, very comfortable and clean, all staff from doorman to chambermaids and front desk were very friendly and helpful. Loads of interesting things to see within vicinity. We'd go back anytime!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel....Very pleased We treated our friends for a 50th birthday present to a stay at the Argonaut Hotel during the week of Easter. It was everything we expected and more. We were pleased that the reviews and website are accurate since we wanted this to be a special experience for our very dear friends. The location is great. The beds, down comforter and pillows are very comfortable. The hotel and rooms are decorated in great taste and very clean. The staff was friendly. The service was great. The wine reception was wonderful. Starbucks coffee in the rooms a very nice touch. We couldn't of asked for a better stay. We will definitely return to the Argonaut in the future.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel No negatives, (can't blame them for the fog spoiling the Bay view !). Friendly helpful staff, excellent location, get your timings right (i.e. miss the tour buses) and the queue for the cable car disapears, loads of good restaurants (especially Bubbagumps on Pier 39 for the kids and Mcormick and Kuletos at Ghirardelli Square for the grown ups), Consierge can also recommend a good Chinese restaurant who will delivery to your room.Our room faced the bay (fourth floor), no problems with noise, very comfortable beds, bathroom was adequate (why do they need to be big ?) decor is bold but makes a nice change for corporate blandness. Didn't leave my heart but will go back and stay there again !  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkdevereaux
<Content>Disappointed The Argonaut's location is fantastic. The beds are very comfortable. The decor is beautiful, albeit a bit sterile. Easter Sunday is a great day to be in SF at the Argonaut, because the crowds are very light. That said, our disappointment with the Argonaut began within minutes of our arrival. We arrived at 10 am, which apparently is the staff's coffee break, because the doorman was nowhere in sight when I struggled through the door with luggage. Although the hotel offers an upgrade incentive to book directly with them online, when I asked about it, I was told that there was no upgrade available, although the hotel appeared to be no more than half full, if that. Our room 402, on the top floor of the hotel, overlooked a busy street and the parking garage, rather than the courtyard view I booked online. A very noisy garbage pickup began at 4:30 am and lasted forever. Then, large trucks started rumbling by with deliveries for Fisherman's wharf. Sleep was impossible. While all of that may change from day to day, what won't change is the lack of any seating other than the beds and one desk chair in the standard deluxe room. For a luxury hotel, where the cheapest room was $169, I expect a chair to sit on, at minimum.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winterpoggers
<Content>Excellent Location The hotel is excellent. You can't ask for a better location, right on the edge of Fisherman's Wharf and right next to the Hyde Street Cable Cars. Also about 1-2 blocks from Ghirardelli Square. Lots of restaurants in the area. Very safe to walk around at night. The free wine from 5-6pm is a nice perk. Staff all very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended especially when you see the hotels in the Union Square district...those people are all down at Fisherman's Wharf anyway so why not be where all the action is.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Argonaut Hotel is just awesome.... The Argonaut Hotel was great. The staff were really friendly and the location was just awesome. The hotel is located across the street from the Hyde/Powell Cable Car turnaround station. It is also close to the Metro bus stop. The bathroom was a little small, but it wasn't that bad. The rooms were cute. I really liked that they provided FREE broadband connection. Most places charge $9.95/day. We'll definitely stay at the Argonaut Hotel the next time we visit San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! This hotel was wonderful. Extremely comfortable beds, very clean with a very helpful, friendly staff. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>couldn't agree more I agree with all the other great reviews of this hotel. We really enjoyed it and found it very convenient. It didn't take us long to walk to the pier for Alcatraz...maybe 10 minutes.We also wondered why the bathrooms weren't bigger since there was a lot of space in the room, but having a couch in the room more than made up for it. Thought the food at the Blue Mermaid was tasty also.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TriumphStag
<Content>Great location, good room - very good overall 6 nights with family (2 boys 11  6) Feb 2004. Great location. Close to the action yet quiet and relaxed. Concierge good with Car Hire. Staff friendly. Rooms smart, clean and interesting. Had inside room but that was not a problem.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Our five night stay at the Argonaut Hotel was exceptional - just as we had read in Trip Adviser reviews. We decided to book this hotel because at the time, it was rated as one of the top 10 hotels based on reviews. It truly turned out to be the best! The location, room size, friendly and helpful staff are just as they say. The first night we arrived we attended the wine hour - 5:00 - 6:00 p.m. and met a great couple from Georgia. From that night on, we would meet and share with one another places we had discovered. The room was a great size and very nicely decorated. Thank you for the great vacation Argonaut Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane54
<Content>A fantastic place to stay! All I can say is 'ditto' to what everyone else before has written. The staff, the rooms, the location, PERFECT!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and fun theme. Great location, close to cable car turnaround and POP martime theme is fun and cheerful. However porter service is not up to scratch, and room service stay outside rooms for over 24 hrs.Will definitely stay again for its location and fun theme. The broadband access is an added bonus.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bobgardiner
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed at the Argonaut with my wife to celebrate our anniversary. Hotel is wonderfully situated right on the bay. But inside rooms quiet, clean and comfortable. Everything works - the carpets are deep and soft. Bed really good, TV clear: but the main thing about this hotel is the atmosphere: the decor is stylish; the staff very friedly, professional. helpful and welcoming. The cafe directly opposite the front door is good for breakfast. 1550 Hyde a marvellous value restaurant with exquisite food just 10 min on the cable car. Morning walks to Fort Mason arund the bay or even in the park are traffic free from the front door. Yhis place is great.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scientist-Mad
<Content>Absolutely Delightful Stayed at Argonaut for 5 nights with my husband. Its exactly the way it is described on their website. Its very cosy and friendly and yet luxurious. The extra touches like high speed internet (and it is high speed), starbucks coffee, comfortable mattresses and pillows, complimentary wine reception every evening, CD/DVD player in every room makes you feel at home. The hotel deserves extra credit for its cleanliness. The linen is crisp and clean and bathrooms are really nice and very clean. And to all this, the location of this hotel couldn't have been better. The cable car is 2 mins away and you can walk to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf in no time. Overall, I would give this hotel 10/10 and would reccomend it to anyone planning a trip to San Fran. If I ever go to SF again, I know I wouldn;t have to go through any reviews again..........  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All That and More! We were a bit skeptical about the hotel being able to live up to the rave reviews...but from the moment we arrived our family had a delightful stay. Our children were in awe, especially when they were invited to go into the Treasure Chest for a welcome gift. One fussy child was met by the manager with the hotel's star fish beanie baby and quieted him immediately. The design is interesting and the service impeccable. The restaurant seemed to be a little disorganized but we just loved our visit and I would absolutely recommend the Argonaut.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, friendly staff, clean rooms Worth every penny. tastefully decorated Boutique hotel, closest very nice, new hotel to Alcatraz, Pier 39..etc. being from San Fran..LOVE IT  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Location on the Wharf Spent 2 wonderful nights at this gorgeous hotel recently, on a trip with my sister. I discovered it by reviewing the hotels on this TripAdvisor web site. The minute we were greeted by the doorman, John, and preceeded into the beautiful lobby, I knew I had made the right choice. We could not have asked for a better location. The cable car turnaround was directly to the left of the front door, the Buena Vista Cafe known for their delicious Irish Coffee was diagnol from the hotel, and the beautiful Marinar's park with its splendid view of the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz was next door to the hotel. The rooms in this beautiful hotel are exactly like their pictures on the internet. Cozy rooms with wood beams, brick wall, tastefully decorated in a nautical theme, and their extremely comfortable beds made our stay extremely special. The service was outstanding, the food at their adjoining restaurant was delicious, and the price couldn't be beat! Give it a try, and you will make one of the best decisions in your travels, that you have probably made in a long time.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J_W
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! I just returned from a long weekend in San Francisco and I have to say, the Argonaut is one of the most creative, spacious and unique hotels I've had the pleasure of staying in. The hotel has a nautical theme and the rooms are impeccably maintained and absolutely darling. I'm very hard to please when it comes to hotel rooms but the Argonaut was wonderful. The concierge was extremely helpful, the hotel quiet... I couldn't have asked for a better stay. My one small complaint is the size of the bathrooms. The rooms are so large - a little curious as to why the bathrooms are not. But as I said, a fabulous hotel and I would recommend it over and over again. I will make a point of staying in the Kimpton Group Hotel Chain after this.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close and Cozy We experienced a wonderful stay at the Argonaut; February 15-18. The hotel is loud in design, but cozy in itself. The bold nautical design didn't bother us a bit, in fact, we felt it added to the fun atmosphere. We felt we had chosen the right hotel for our needs, and are glad we did. We had originally wanted to stay at the Pan Pacific... but then decided to stay closer to where we were going to be most of the time... Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. Good thing we did! Ghirardelli's Square is pretty much around the corner. Cable cars are across the street. Lombard is five blocks up a very steep hill... but managable if you take it slowly! I do have to warn you though... Pier 39 and 41 aren't as close as other reviews seem to make them. Fisherman's Wharf is about 3 block away... add another 3 blocks for Pier 39 and 41. It's about a 15 minute walk, each way. I think our problem was that we were there on a holiday weekend, and the streets were packed. Perhaps it wouldn't have been so bad if we chose to go at a different time. Once we got past the weekend though, it was really nice. We found a great deal on Expedia... but didn't book through them because Kimpton will match online rates as long as they are verifiable at the time of booking. Plus, they give you an automatic room upgrade for booking through them. So, we booked an interior room, for $103,and got one with a view instead... Nice! The rooms are NARROW, and loooong. The down comforter and pillows are a super nice touch... and the TV was great, nice and clear... had to touch it to see if it was plasma. Bathrooms are stocked with Aveda products... another nice addition. The hotel staff is great! John, the doorman during the days, is absolutly friendly! Pascal, and the other gal at concierge are super sweet, and knowledgeable. This was our first time in San Francisco, and they gave us all the info we needed, when we wanted it! Ed on the other hand (the other concierge) could stand to be a bit less stuffy. I'm surprised they haven't needed to repaint the cieling from his nose scraping it! All in all we were pleased with the Argonaut, and plan on going back soon. We will definitley stay here again! Visit our website for a few pictures of the Argonaut and the surrounding area! http://www.resorthoppers.com/SanFrancisco  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Happy Overall We stayed at the Argonaut in January 2004 for our anniversary and overall we were pleased with the experiend. The hotel is in a good location, Fishermans Wharf is within walking distance as is Pier 39. The restaurant directly across the street is not bad for breakfast. Our room was clean but a little small and the staff was very friendly. I do question the view as it was not as great as everyone says. The windows are small, but at least we still got a view of Alcatraz, but I did not think the view lived up to all the hype. The only other downfall was that we requested a king room, but when we checked in they had us down for a queen room and there were no king rooms left, so that was disappointing especially since we were paying extra for a room with a view. Overall it was a nice hotel with friendly staff and in a good location. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay!!!! Stayed for 2 nites March 1-3 04. Really enjoyed it. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and the location is great. The room was nice with a great view of the Golden Gate which I awoke to in the morning. Great Sony TV and radio. Highly recommend!!!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Value My girlfriend and I stayed at the Argonaut the week of Feb 23rd and overall felt that the hotel was good value for the money (we paid $119 US). We originally booked a room with a bay view and then downgraded to a cheaper room after examining several rooms. We were a little perplexed by the rave reviews of the bay views from the hotel??? The windows are pretty small and I would caution anyone staying at the hotel for this specific reason. The views are of a pretty distant Golden Gate Bridge or Alcatraz. The staff are very accomodating and courteous. The interrior is funky and the wine receptions are fun. You won't go wrong by staying here in so far as the cable car is across the street and Pier 39 only a 15 minute walk. It's not luxury but more of a fun atmosphere than other hotels.Overall, take heed of the rate - at $119 US you can sometimes book some of the luxury SanFran hotels.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and friendly staff! My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut the weekend of February 14, 2004. We were treated very well by the Argonaut staff. The location was the best for the Fisherman's Wharf area. The hotel is located in the old cannery across from Ghirardelli square and across the street from the Buena Vista (where the first Irish coffee was invented). The hotel beds are extremely comfortable and the rooms are super clean. The only downside (there is one to everything) is that the rooms with the queen size beds are a little small, so if you are looking for more space, upgrade to the king. Also, the rooms are close to the street, so if you go to bed early (10:00), this could be a problem. The noise is gone by midnight. The best is that the lovely Cioppinos restaurant is also across the street. Pier 39 is not super close, but is within walking distance. This is the only place I would stay in San Francisco. We go a couple of times a year and I have stayed in other places in the area and they do not even compete.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yrebac
<Content>Great first visit This was our first visit to SF. And hopefully will not be our last. We fell in love with the food, the cable cars, the many vistas and the Arganout Hotel. What a great location for a first time visiters.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but not the best Just got back from a weekend at the Argonaut. It's not the best hotel in the world (or SF), but it's fun. Here are the pluses:1. Incredibly close to everything. Fisherman's Wharf (pier 39) is walking distance. The Cable car station is around the corner and Ghiradelli's is about 200 yds away.2. Solid rooms. While not spectacular, the rooms were cheery with a nautical theme (if you don't like stripes, do not stay here). Weird leopard robes in the closet though.3. Service was good. The doorman and concierge were helpful, although there were occassional lines.Minuses (minor):1. Internet in the room is a joke. Free highspeed- I think I could have sent smoke signals and surfed faster.2. Free wine tasting- the wine during our stay was complete crap. I usually do not have anything bad to say about free alcohol, but I volunteer to drink Nyquil before drinking some more of that stuff.For a reasonably priced stay in SF at a fun place, you can't go wrong. It beats the chains.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time in San Fran After reading about several hotels on Trip Advisor we finally settled on the Argonaut and we are very glad we did. The hotel was fantastic as was the service, in fact I can't think of anything that could use improvement. The location was wonderful, very quite, but still centrally located. We had a recommendation to stay in Union Square, but after a quick visit downtown we discovered that we had made a great decision. I would recommend this boutique hotel over and over. I am not sure which was the best quality: the service, the food, the location, the view, the ease of transportation or those WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL BEDS, I want one at my house. Will definitely return!!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't know... I had heard a lot about these Kimpton Hotels, and I was quite excited when I found a good rate on their website for the Argonaut Hotel. It's new, and the staff is reasonably nice (though VERY casual), but there were a lot of excuses for everything that didn't go right: long wait time for parking, understaffed at the front desk (one person only - long wait time again), and the room service breakfast was wimpy for the excessive price, to say the least. The room was relatively small (and narrow), the bathroom tiny, but well appointed. I just don't get the stars, stripes, dots, and competing colors all over the place. I guess that's Kimpton. I find it loud and in your face - not FUN.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Great! Just returned from 5 nights at the Argonaut Hotel, Jan 14 - 19, 2004. Researched more than 50 hotels in San Fran based on price, location, amenities and size. I felt I wanted to stay away from the noise of Union Square. I made my decision mostly from reviews by past guests. This hotel was everything the reviews and hotel web site stated. We had 4 people, 2 adults and 2 kids. The rooms were impeccably clean, spacious and beautifully decorated. The QUEEN (not full) sized beds were so comfortable my wife wanted to buy one. We asked for a room with a view of either Alcatraz or the GG Bridge. We were not disappointed. Every morning we awoke to a view of San Fran Bay. We paid $150 per night, AAA rate. The staff was excellent. Polite, professional and informative. The concierge was a huge help in making suggestions and assisting with reservations. The lobby was comfortable and had a nice fireplace to relax beside with a drink. This is a new hotel. It is located at Fisherman's Wharf, but at the end near Aquatic Park so it is quiet, but just a short walk to the hustle and bustle of Pier 39, the Grotto and other shops. Hotel resaurant was good. Parking was expensive at $32 per day. Taxi service was quick and plentiful. 1 minute walk to Hyde St. Cable car turnaround and Ghiradelli Sq. and 5 -10 minute walk to Pier 39, Alcatraz Ferry and other attractions. It was a great change from the Hilton, Hyatt, Sheraton routine. If your looking for a medium sized boutique hotel with great amenities at a fair price, this is it. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keltraveler
<Content>ahhhh... the bed I normally stay in the downtown or SoMa area of San Francisco but recently wanted to try a different location this time around and sure am glad I did! Not only is The Argonaut in excellent condition, the service and rooms are extremely comfortable. I had a great night's sleep the entire week I was there in the comfortable beds and bedding. The gentleman at the front desk upon check-in was great and so are the other employees I encountered during my stay there. Yes, parking fee is high, but you really don't need a car in San Francisco for the cable car stop is across the street and conviently passes through the city for great exploring. High speed internet hook up in hotel rooms are a consideration for me and when it's complimentary, all the better as in the case here. Double paned glass windows that open are another plus.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel In San Francisco My husband and I visited San Francisco over the Christmas holidays and decided to stay in several Kimpton hotels during our stay. Our first stop was the Argonaut Hotel for two nights. It was the best hotel we have ever stayed at in San Francisco. The rooms were large and wonderfully decorated in a nautical theme with exposed brick and wood beams from the former Cannery. We had a great view of Alcatraz Island from our bed, which in my husbands words were unbelievably comfortable with the sounds of the bay and fog horns to lull us to sleep. The staff accommodated our every request. It has a great location, near the cable car turnaround, Fisherman's Wharf and Ghirardelli. In my opinion this is the nicest hotel in the Kimpton family, we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is special. The Argonaut hotel is not the only San Francisco hotel with character; however it has something that most upscale hotel lack. In my recent stay I was amazed by the desk staff. A young man named John was understanding, helpful and appeared to enjoy his work environment and co-workers. This hotel is special.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful wonderful hotel. All it was promised to be, rooms were spacious, beds were great. The workout room had 2 elliptical trainers as well as a few other machines. Location is perfect neww the cable cars. Good sushi restaurant around the corner and a starbucks nearby  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JHankin
<Content>...better than all the rest Fortunate enough to stay in some of the worlds leading hotels, the stay at the Pheonix compelled me to write. My vocabulary could never do justice to describing our stay at the Argonaut.The position fantastic, the rooms are simply the best and the service is without fault.You were never really conscious of any of the staffs presence, but as if they owned telepathic powers, they were there when you thought you needed something. From the moment you draw up outside the exempelary service and attention to detail begins, nothing is too much trouble , in this tranquil yet understated oppulence.The desk staff are fantastic and if the best could get better, it did.Laura the concierge arranged everything , from hair salons to dining experiences that were beyond belief, just like having a resident PA.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want to back... My husband and I fell in love with the Argonaut and the City of San Francisco! The accomodations were wonderful and the staff was extremely helpful!KUDOS!!We're already planning our next trip back.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Swee San Francisco, Suite 345 Wow...I love this suite. Talk about a view. I saw the Aquadic Park and the Golden Gate bridge from one room and Alcatraz from the next. It's a mistake to stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flawless!! We spent weekend after Thanksgiving at the Argonaut and I have to say it was flawless. I think it was the best bed I have ever slept in and I was told by the manager it is a custom made mattress for the Kimpton Hotels. Amazing! Starbucks coffee in our room too! It felt like the true San Francisco and we kept warm by the fire in the lobby. This place is way cool.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New and fresh Great location, everything is so clean and fresh. Bedding is soft, down pillows. Lobby is very inviting with a large fireplace. Downside : The free coffee in the AM and wine in the PM was a nice touch. Too bad they cancelled it in the middle of our stay. Maid service could be a little more attentive to detail. We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>craigo11
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed at the Argonaut Hotel for two nights (27 and 28 September).The hotel was excellent, staff friendly and helpful, the rooms perfectly decorated with the nautical theme throughout. The little extras made the rooms very comfortable (throws, star pillows etc).We were lucky to get a good deal through Expedia, as we booked several months before the hotel opened ($110 per night).We ate at the Blue Mermaid on the first evening and thought the food was excellent.The only downside was the lack of a view from our inside room, however we did not spend too much time in our room as we were out sightseeing most of the time  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AprilB
<Content>Perfect location for us If you like nautical, the Argonaut is for you. The decor is fun and funky, the Maritime National Historical Park visitors center is off the lobby and the ships at Hyde St. Pier are across the street (you can tour several of them for a few $$). While I might not have normally chosen a Fishermans Wharf hotel for our stay, I felt this location was special. My husband and I loved it. The cable car turnaround is conveniently around the corner. From it, you can hop off to walk down crooked Lombard St., or visit the Cable Car Museum.Upon seeing the Golden Gate Bridge view room we had requested, we found the view of the bridge partially obscured by trees across the street. Also, my husband was concerned about traffic noise from vehicles accelerating up the hill, although this may not have been an issue at night. We switched to an Alcatraz view room (446) instead where the view was much more expansive, the room seemed brighter, and the square-rigged Balcutha was right out our window. Fabulous! The rooms we saw had either two queen-sized beds or one king and a couch. Both were clean and spacious with wallpapered and brick walls. The cooling/heating system in our room worked well and we found it very easy to control the temperature.We were told the inside rooms were quite small but, small or not, they have no view at all as they face a dismal-looking light well. The suites though, from what I saw from the hallway, must be quite large.Problems were minor. There was a bit of confusion with communication. Yes, you can definitely have a top floor, Golden Gate Bridge view room, to, No, we cant guarantee that. And, Yes, certainly you can have a late check out, to, No, we need that room to set up for an event. Ill bet I know exactly which doorman the TripAdvisor user from LA is talking about. He was the only employee we thought they could do without. Otherwise, the staff was bright, friendly and seemed bent on making our stay a pleasant one. Concierge staff was good too.If I were to stay again I would ask for bathrobes upon arrival since they weren't in our room. The heavy black and brown leopard spotted robes were comically out of place in a nautical themed environment.We found the food at the attached Blue Mermaid Chowder House to be so-so. Ghirardelli Square with McCormick and Kuleto's Restaurant and Loris Diner is a short walk away and they have similar terrific views as from the front of the Argonaut.Overall we had a delightful experience at the Argonaut and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrTed
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! We just returned from a five night stay at the Argonaut (our first visit to San Francisco) and absolutely loved the hotel and the city. The hotel is located at Fisherman's Warf, directly across from the Hyde Street Pier and adjacent to the National Maritime Historic Park. The location is great -- you can walk to Pier 39 in less than 10 minutes, the cable car turnaround is one block behind the hotel, and Ghirardelli Square is about two blocks away. The hotel is new and very nice with a nautical theme throughout. The rooms are large with high ceilings (we were on the fourth floor) and great views of the Bay/Golden Gate Bridge/Alcatraz from the rooms on the front and west sides of the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful and responded quickly to all of our requests. We will definitely go back to San Francisco and the Argonaut.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mothersill
<Content>Great New Hotel In the Wharf We stayed there the first of Sept. for 3 nites and loved it.!!From the amazing beds to the location to the wonderful staff .... this hotel is tops.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We are not regular 5 Star hotel inhabitants, but we decided to splurge and spend a night at the Argonaut on a recent trip (Sept 2003) thru CA. The Hotel was a dream, the staff was friendly and helpful, the location is convenient to everything, and the 5PM wine tasting (Free) was excellent!! We ended up staying 2 nights from our room overlooking the Golden Gate.. I would Highly recommend this Hotel to anyone planning a trip to the S.F. area - my only complaint was the $32.00 a night Valet parking fee (Optional)..  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GORGEOUS HOTEL, Don't miss it   showReview(1374246, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As good as it gets!!   showReview(1373545, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absoulutely Perfect   showReview(1364543, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magical Hotel   showReview(1354704, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christeyanne
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1345110, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Preservation and Business win   showReview(1344637, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Weekend   showReview(1342060, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A view from England   showReview(1283842, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing hotel...just perfect.   showReview(1274634, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great new hotel!   showReview(1271639, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patitafon
<Content>perfecto en todos los sentidos       exterior del hotel  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Burgonde
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(23013290, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Argonaut_11_08   showReview(22963368, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lutz01
<Content>Mehr Schein als Sein   showReview(22352476, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Bavarianfamily
<Content>Besser geht es nicht!       Seehunde  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>laura1976pistoia
<Content>carinissimo!!!   showReview(20668271, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>insultme
<Content>Perfecto   showReview(20219029, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ilfaina
<Content>Perfetto!!!       camera  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ambiance nautique 脿 San Francisco   showReview(20551297, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Idylle und Hafenatmosph盲re - beides zugleich   showReview(20551296, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bernd51
<Content>Argonaut - eine gute Alternative mitten im Leben   showReview(19582882, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(19634930, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(19634929, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>semplicemente perfetto   showReview(19634927, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gro脽z眉giges Hotel mit Atmosph盲re   showReview(19634925, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Marco_Luisa
<Content>Ottimo albergo vicino ai Pier di San Francisco   showReview(19364794, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(19634924, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une bonne adresse de caract茅re   showReview(19634923, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel est agr茅able et la d茅coration est originale.   showReview(19634922, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>argonaut hotel thin walls   showReview(19634921, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne adresse   showReview(19634920, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien, mais quelques points decevants   showReview(19634928, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stupendo   showReview(19634919, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekt   showReview(19634926, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"Sehr zu empfehlen"   showReview(19634918, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cpl342
<Content>Ne pas h茅siter 脿 changer de chambre   showReview(18578513, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(19634917, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien   showReview(18530620, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eines der sch枚nsten Hotels ever   showReview(18530611, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(18530608, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>perfekte Lage, super-hilfsbereites Personal, gro脽artiges Ambiente   showReview(18530612, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel am Platz   showReview(18530607, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(18530606, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>So muss ein Hotel sein!   showReview(18530605, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut gef眉hrtes Hotel, leider mit ein paar M盲ngeln   showReview(18530609, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18530604, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage   showReview(18530603, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel, Pech mit dem Personal   showReview(17429745, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach super   showReview(17429744, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hotel bien plac茅 mais tous services payants   showReview(17429740, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel in sehr guter Lage   showReview(17429743, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit gerne wieder   showReview(17429738, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerions volontiers   showReview(16585482, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel in super Lage   showReview(16585483, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>islita
<Content>Estupendo y original       habitacion  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>genial   showReview(16585476, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons lors de notre prochain s茅jour   showReview(16585477, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designer-Hotel zum Verlieben   showReview(16585474, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccellente   showReview(16585475, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>super28680
<Content>Buen hotel en muy buen sitio       Fachada del hotel  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel hat eine sehr gute Lage und ist originell in einem modernen maritimen Stil eingerichtet.   showReview(15563403, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach nur super !   showReview(15563402, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel fabuleux - un must pour fisherman's wharf   showReview(14726325, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero consigliatissimo   showReview(14726324, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon Hotel bien situ茅   showReview(14726323, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Margaux-Paris
<Content>Bel h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅       Fisherman's Wharf  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans aucune h茅sitation le top   showReview(13977801, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Denaris
<Content>Tr猫s d茅cevant       la chambre  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Belle situation en ville   showReview(13192092, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅,   showReview(13192090, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich kenne viele Hotels - dies ist absolut TOP   showReview(11301320, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel sympa, bien situ茅   showReview(11301319, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(11662106, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(11662104, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fa-bu-leux !   showReview(11662102, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodissimo   showReview(11662103, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clarki
<Content>Emplacement id茅al, personnels nuls, des surprises.   showReview(8393664, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	4	

<Author>britztours
<Content>Das Argonaut Hotel in San Francisco war wirklich gut.   showReview(8071418, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Argonaut Fishermans Wharft jederzeit empfehlenswert   showReview(11420556, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(11420554, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le m锚me h么tel et la m锚me chambre au prochain s茅jour   showReview(11389853, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES TRES BIEN   showReview(11389852, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non vedo l'ora di tornarci   showReview(11385184, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11380815, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Plus que d茅莽ue   showReview(11374362, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes exklusoves Stadthotel an der Wharf   showReview(11343185, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clemence
<Content>fabuleux   showReview(4355329, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

