<Author>WeekendHussler
<Content>The great reviews ring true Put simply, all the great reviews about this hotel ring true.Staff: Check-in was done quickly and the staff were very friendly. The staff were also equally professional in the Momo Cafe where we had dinner (N.,B. the service stops at 11.30pm but you can get 24 hour room service from a similar menu).Food: The food in the Momo Cafe was very good and great value for money (especially considering it's a hotel restaurant). If there was any downside, the food seemed to come very quickly and the mains came out while we were still eating the entrees. That said, I'd prefer them too early than too late...Room: Very clean and modern and the bed is very comfortable. Just a tip: the bathroom is separated by a window which we at first thought was a bit strange but then realised there is a blind so have a look for it.Location: Some of the reviews make a negative claim about the location but we were very happy. While it's not in the most glamorous location, you can take the courtesy bus to Central where you're right in the spot to head to Kowloon or the Hong Kong Island spots. If you're too early or late for the courtesy bus (we were), a taxi is usually waiting at the front of the hotel to take you to Central for around HKD 25-30 and takes about 10 minutes.In summary, very good value and 9/10. I will stay here when I return to HK.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alsolution
<Content>Outstanding and Unique Courtyard by Marriott       the tram near by the hotel  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rogersnet
<Content>Very Nice! A very new, modern, clean, and well apponted property, with excellent staff. We recommend buying the Executive room package. The hotel is a little out of the way, but they have a shuttle that runs every 30 minutes to mass trans central. Get a hotel directions card, as it isso new that taxis don't know it! Special thanks to concierge, Mable, for going above and beyond to help us before, during  after our trip to HK!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>57j
<Content>Great Hotel, bargain weekend rate. I found this to be a very nice, modern hotel. I am tall (6'5) so I appreciated the king size bed. My room had one of the nicest bathrooms that I've ever had in a hotel. The walk in shower was big and the rainfall showerhead was mounted on the ceiling, great for tall people. They also had the biggest towels that I have ever seen. While the lobby is spartan, the staff was friendly and helpful. Ask them about anything you need in HK, it will save you a lot of trouble. We got some great restaurant tips from them. This hotel is west the central area but is only half a block from the tram so getting around was no problem and the tram only cost $2HK. The tram goes right through the middle of the city and passes the Central station. This was my first visit to HK and I had no problems finding my way around.. The weekend rate (Fri, Sat,Sun) was $1050HK, about $135US. I stayed Thur-Sat and my total bill for 3 nights was $450US. My extended family was with me and we booked six rooms. Everyone had positive comments about this hotel. The Marriott has a desk at the airport and you can catch their shuttle for $140HK, well worth it if you have much baggage.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>artchang
<Content>Good location       Wesley having his hot chocolate at the room's bay window with a great view!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MichWorldTraveler
<Content>Good Hotel, But I Think Some of the Reviews Overrate the Place This is a fairly good property--but I do think some of the reviews below are a little over-the-top. I stayed here on 2 separate occasions in October 2008...The hotel lobby is very small and the whole hotel's 'footprint' is small, just a few rooms per floor. The rooms, while quite modern, were small, even by Hong Kong standards (I've stayed at probably 15 different hotels in HK). The bathroom was actually good size for HK, but there was no tub--shower only. The front desk staff seemed indifferent...Breakfast was supposed to be included as well, but had to argue to get that taken off my bill--good thing I brought my confirmation. I had booked a package that included champagne and chocolates for my first stay...In 2 days there, it never came. Although I did advise them of this upon checkout, and they did come through on my second stay and get me the 'treats' at that point. My TV didn't work during my first stay, they sent someone up to look at it and couldn't get it fixed...They offered to move me, but this was my second day there, I'd just arrived from the US and was mostly sleeping anyway...So, they did try on all accounts, but there was a big inconvenience factor and nothing offered to 'make up' for it. . Breakfast at MoMo was really good. Elevators are tiny and only three to serve 30+ floors--LONG waits for an elevator and they don't seem to be the fastest in HK either. Taxis are very difficult to get--I had to wait about 45 minutes around 4PM--there were just 2 people ahead of me...I do like the fact there are 7-11s and Circle K's on every corner nearby, but this is not the hotel for you if you want to be near the 'action' that Hong Kong offers. Overall, good hotel, but certainly not 'spectacular' or '5-star', but with the money paid.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	2	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Mikke123
<Content>Very good hotel All in all The Marriott Courtyard hotel in HK was excellent. The customer service was friendly and efficient. We had a harbour view room and the quality of the room was very good, one could see the hotel is quite new. The location in the Western district on Hong Kong Island was not bad while it's not Central of course. The MTR station is a bit far for walking but the hotel shuttle bus, the trams and the public buses (there are many) worked well. We usually prefer public transport and we didn't need a taxi once during the trip. The shuttle bus to Central is free. We didn't find restaurants (other than the normal American fast food chains) near the hotel for our western taste, but the hotel's Momo restaurant was very good and Soho restaurants for example are a short tram ride away. My fianc茅e and I certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChixRule
<Content>5 Star Marriott I LOVED this hotel and stayed a week. Absolutely beautiful decor and superb staff service. If your lucky enough to get a view room, it is so worth it...especially the corner rooms. The breakfast buffet at the MoMo cafe is VERY good for both Asian and American breakfast. Although the location is away from central HK things to do. The hotel is set-up for business guests and runs a shuttle for easy access to MTR/Ferry/Harbor/Shopping. Unfortunately shuttle is only available 7:30-10:00 a.m. Weekdays, 9:00 a.m-8:00 p.m. Weekends. Walk to MTR is only about a 10 min brisk walk, but the taxi for $2-$3 is ok. You can also buy an Octopus card which can be used on bus, ferries, MTR, and tram to the Peak. Worth it if you're going to be in HK for a few days and taking public transportation. Although hotel laundry is quite reasonable, we'd been traveling for awhile so we had LOTS. There is a very good laundry just around the corner that does laundry for about $20HKD/ Kilo. It's also next to a convenience store that has bakes pastries fresh each morning.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>backpackluxury
<Content>Great Hong Kong Hotel Choice, but... This is a new hotel and a really good value for the money. But if you have never been to Hong Kong and don't know your away around, it's not for you. The neighborhood is very Hong Kong, you see few if any tourists. But it is way too long a walk to the MTR and there are not really any restaurants in the vicinity. Taxis are cheap and easy in Hong Kong and it's about a $3 ride at most from the nearest MTR and $5 from the Airport Express station. But if you really want to get around, find a place near an MTR station and get an Octopus Card that lets you prepay and scan your way around town -plus pay at 7-11, Starbucks, and many other places.The Courtyard is like a miniature Asian luxury hotel. All the amenities but on a much smaller scale. Good business option if you only come and go a few times a day.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Permian05
<Content>Excellent Hotel, puts other Marriotts to shame       TV and Media Centre  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TCFC424
<Content>Fantastic Hotel The Courtyard by Mariott Hong Kong is truly a fantastic hotel. I checked with the kiosk upon arriving at the Hong Kong airport and they gave me transportation options, including a hotel shuttle (approx $150 HKD) or the express airport bus or train. I chose the train, then took a taxi to the hotel. I was rapidly checked in, and led to my room, and the bellman explained the hotel only opened in April. It could have just opened yesterday as good as it looked.The rooms are small, but efficient, with tons of storage space. The showers are unique, and the overall feeling is modern stylish. There are such minor touches as putting your name on the television screen when you turn it on, to a plug for your mp3 player to send the signal to the television. The views are very good, except for Victoria Peak which is blocked by a large building (though very high floors may have a better view.) I was on the 28th floor.Amenities are overflowing, including robes, slippers, in-room safe, and all of the desired toiletries *except* Q-tips.If I return to Hong Kong, I will definitely consider this hotel...the only drawback is that it is removed somewhat from the central area. It is a 5-minute, $3-$5 USD taxi ride to the IFC however and the city is easily accessible from that point.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rose_ling
<Content>Experience beyond expectations!!!       Room  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BarcaBoys
<Content>Best overall hotel in Hong Kong       Room service burger and chips!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SingExplorer
<Content>Great Hotel! I booked my stay in this hotel through Zuji (Travelocity). I have to agree with the other contributors... this hotel is really great! :) I got a harbour view room, and the view was just... stunning. The hotel's ambiance is very modern. The carpeted hallway had a maroon tone, dinstinctive of the Courtyard ambiance. The room has a motorized window shade, king-sized bed, glass working desk, fridge/minibar, coffee/tea making facilities, 32 LCD TV with VOD, a digital alarm clock and 2 VoIP phones (one on the desk and another one near the bed). The toilet was okay, but didn't have a tub (if you travel on business you won't use the tub anyway!). Staff were very helpful, but they may have some problems with English, so make sure you relay important requests in writing! The concierge service was also impressive - I asked them to modify my flight booking and they managed to do it promptly (they also gave frequent updates on flight details and status). Great hotel -- outstanding value for money! :) I just hope they won't increase their rates, so don't tell so much about this hotel to your friends! Haha! :D  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anna_Wien
<Content>New and stylish hotel We stayed at the Courtyard Hongkong for 3 nights and enjoyed our stay there very much. Staff was friendly and efficient, location was ok, although with considerable walking distance (20 minutes to the center) and rooms were excellent. Although a bit small, the newly refurbished rooms had floor to ceiling windows, a very comfortable bed and a nice  modern bathroom. All amenities (shower gel, shampoo, shower caps...) are provided. Room service is very reliable too. The majority of guests seemed to be a business clientele but we would definitely choose the courtyard again for the next visit to HKG.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>gaoyoude
<Content>Great new hotel Stayed here July 21-23, booked through Marriott Rewards program. I believe the starting room rates on the web were in the neighborhood of 980 HKD.Brand new hotel opened in April 2008. Super clean and very nice, soothing modern styling. Stayed in Deluxe room, 24th floor. Scale of hotel small, but very efficient and sophisticated feel. The MoMo coffee shop is excellent, with a wonderful signature pizza. The exercise room very nice and open 24 hours.Staff courteous and unobtrusive. Hotel is located quite a distance from Central and the nearest subway, Sheung Wan, beyond the Western Market. If not in a hurry, can take the trolley. Cab to HK Airport express metro station is about 24 HKD, with 11/bag surcharge for luggage. 970 bus right across the street from main entrance is an express that goes to Jordan Rd/Nathan Rd intersection in Kowloon in the matter of 3 or so stops. Hotel has free shuttle to Central, etc., but schedule seems to be irregular.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Annh
<Content>Beautiful Harbor View at a Good Price The harbor view from the top floors of the Courtyard is wonderful. I could sit all day and watch the constant stream of boats moving across the harbor. Looking down at the ground, you鈥檒l see the highway and shipping businesses 鈥?but the view out from the top floors is of the harbor, more shipping business across the harbor, and of Kowloon. The harbor view room seemed a little larger than the city view room. The city view had a view like what you see on most of the Hong Kong postcards 鈥?a mass of high rise buildings. Yes, the lights can be pretty at night 鈥?but having to keep the drapes drawn in such a tiny room is like being in a closet.The furniture supplied in the harbor view room was a bed, small desk with chair, one other small chair, small end table, entertainment cabinet, and night stands.The bed was very comfy with nice linens. Flat screen TV, VGA, S-video cable, audio cords for both RCA and DIN connections were provided 鈥?so you can watch DVDs (played on your laptop) on the flat screen TV. No DVD/CD player is provided. There was a small desk by the window 鈥?so you get no work done as looking out at the harbor is too tempting to resist.The room was furnished with a mini-bar, iron, complimentary tea bags and instant coffee, bathrobes and slippers.The bathroom was well equipped with a stall shower (no tub), digital scale, hair dryer, lighted magnifying mirror, oversized bath towels and face cloths, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, bar soap, lotion, emery board, toothbrushes, shaver, etc. The bathroom had a pocket door which made it seem more spacious, and not as clumsy as the typical hinge door is in small spaces. One wall of the bathroom was glass with a roller shade. A large mirror occupied much of the glass wall, but otherwise daylight could stream in if you left the shade up. The bathroom could have used a few more hanging bars or hooks.Internet access is an extra charge.Whenever the TV was turned on it would start running ads from the Marriott 鈥?one of them being an offensive 鈥渁dult entertainment鈥?ad complete with lewd graphic. This was tacky and better suited to a by-the-hour type motel.The elevators moved slowly and were very stuffy 鈥?didn鈥檛 seem to have A/C. That might be OK for lower floors, but it can be an air-deprived slow ride to the top floors.The Executive Lounge was disappointing. The view from your table was of old apartment buildings. The breakfast consisted of 4 warmer trays 鈥?sausage, sausage related shreds, bacon and triangle deep fried hash browns. There was some dry cereal, horrible cheap bread and poor quality pastries and muffins, and some fresh fruit. Eggs were made to order. The apple juice was so stale it had literally turned to vinegar. The coffee was pretty good. Mid-afternoon, parched from the hot weather, I headed to the Executive Lounge for beverages and snacks. There were NO snacks 鈥?just some unappealing green apples. The beverages consisted of water, 7-up, Pepsi, and some alcohol. This may be the worst Executive Lounge I鈥檝e ever seen. Even though it was part of my room rate, I did not bother to use the Executive Lounge after the first day.There is a Momo Caf茅 on the second floor. It has a comfortable and spacious dining room. The generous portion of BBQ ribs were good, cooked with a tasty sauce, but strangely served with a side bowl of a different sauce (not as good in my opinion). The bread was similar to a cheap toasted hot dog bun. The ice cream was stale consisting mostly of ice crystals and a bit of goo. Momo also provides room service.The hotel staff was friendly and aimed to please. The concierge was pleasant and tried to be helpful, but didn鈥檛 seem to have a broad enough range of knowledge about Hong Kong.The Courtyard is located in an older neighborhood on the west side of the island, away from the glam of Central. If you need dried seafood or herbal medicine, this is the place. If you require manicured neighborhoods with air-conditioned malls and your fellow pedestrians in expensive clothes, this may not be the spot for you. There is no shopping or dining nearby, other than very local, very inexpensive venues. The tram is less than a block away. The tram does not have A/C and is often crowded, but hey, where else can you go from one end of the island to the other for about 25 cents? You can use the tram to get to the subway, the airport express terminal, all the main shopping areas, or to just about anywhere else on the island. If you want to travel in A/C, then a cab should do. The Courtyard has a complimentary shuttle but it is extremely limited 鈥?it never ran at any time that I was able to use it.So if you don鈥檛 mind taking a taxi or a tram to everything (or long walks), then you might be able to get a good price on a room with a gorgeous harbor view (go for the upper floors).  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Aurora_Guy
<Content>New Hotel, Modern Conveniences, Helpful Staff       Victoria Harbour from Courtyard 24th floor  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>saisailup
<Content>Best hotel at this price. I stayed at 3 different hotels during my trip. One was another Marriott chain and one was from another chain (both in Tsim Sa Tsui.) This was the best one for a number of reasons, however for me it was the technology that put this hotel over the others. The tv was a flatscreen and you are able to connect your laptop/mp3/dvd player to the tv (cables provided). The other hotels did not even have a flat screen. There were also more cable tv channels available. This hotel offered wireless internet whereas the other 2 did not.I was skeptical about the location knowing that it is not near an MTR station, however there was plenty of other types of transportation available right outside (buses and trolley.) There is even an express bus to the airport (price is probably about $16 HKD.)My only issue with the hotel that kept me from giving this stay an exceptional rating is that I did not get the roomtype I requested (King non-smoking.) I ended up getting a King smoking, but as it was a brand new building, I did not smell any smoke. I was also upgraded to a harbor view room, but was only on the 7th floor so the view was not great (but much better than city view from the 7th floor.)The room is on the small side, but everything else made up for it so I did not mind. The service at Courtyard was similar to the other 2 hotels I stayed at except for the lack of a swimming pool. But for the price, I can pass on the swimming pool. I would definitely stay here again, but if the price goes up I may consider staying at a more conveniently located hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>testk
<Content>Outstanding Value- don't tell anyone! I almost did not want to write this b/c I travel to HK frequently and the more people find out about this place, the higher the price is going to go. I will stay here from now on. Free breakfast in the morning, very nice buffett. They upgraded me to a room overlooking the Harbor, very nice. Lobby and rooms are very nicely decorated as well. The only negative about this hotel is the location, which is why it is also not so important. It is not a bad area, but not great. Not much around, as you will have to take a cab wherever you want to go. About 10-15 minute cab ride to Central Plaza, Wan Chai. The location also is the reason why it is hard to get a cab sometimes during rush hour. Two mornings in a row I did wait some time to get a cab and ended sharing one with someone going the same way. Like I said, if you go to HK frequently, especially for business, this is a great place.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LouSuffolk
<Content>Good new hotel at fantastic price Myself and my husband have just returned from Hong Kong, and checked into this hotel 3 times,as we had a couple of side trips staying over in Macau and Tokyo. Can only repeat what the previous reviewers have said about this hotel. The first room we checked into was a great surprise as we hadn't expected much at this price range - it was their cheapest room as we were arriving late at night and leaving early next morning. Good clean room, nice furnishings, fluffy white towels and bathrobes, and a great comfy bed. Checked in again 2 nights later, again for just one night, to a room with a view of the harbour, much bigger, with a small sofa as well. The manager came across to speak to us while checking in, and was very welcoming, giving us his card in case we had any problems so that we could speak to him personally. Happy to say that there was nothing the staff could have done to make our stay any better. Third time we stayed for 4 nights,corner room, great view of the harbour, smaller than the first 2 rooms, but still not a bad size.Lounge access well worth the extra money, chef asked us every morning if he could cook anything special for us the next morning, he seemed concerned that we didn't eat much for breakfast thinking we didn't like the food on offer! We have never been asked this before in HK, not even in the Hyatt or the Langham!The area is not smart or upmarket by any means, but we did not feel uncomfortable at any time walking around. Buses and trams are nearby and leave every couple of minutes into Central. Taxis take about 5 mins into Central District for approx HKD20, or SoHo and Staunton Street for approx HKD25. This hotel and it's staff are obviously trying very hard to make a success of this business, and if they keep up this level of service, they deserve to succeed.We go to HK on a regular basis as our son lives over there, and usually stay at one the large 5 star hotels, great hotels,with great facilities,fantasic if you spend much time in the hotel- but if you are out all day and all you need is a good room with good service, give it a try - there are plenty of places in Hong Kong to spend the money on that you will save by staying here.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KMurphyAtlanta
<Content>Like a W Hotel, but better Courtyards in the US are Stalinist hotels with all luxury deconstructed. This is not like the US Courtyards. Very nice staff- very modern and sleek rooms and common areas. Highly recommend. This is like a W hotel, only far less expensive, better lighting, more spacious, and staffed with helpful people rather than the frustrated out-of-work models who work at the W's. If you want modern and nice, and clean, stay here. It's one of the less expensive hotels and is terrific. Granite bothroom- with two shower heads- you will be pleased. The bathroom fixtures alone are worth staying. I was upgraded for free to a harbor view- but even without that, this is a very nice hotel and you will be happy here. I think I paid about $110 for the room with tax. Centrally located- take the train into Central station from the airport and then get in a cab- I think the train costs $25 round trip and the cab will be another $7 or so. Very fast and efficient. Then you can take the cable car around for 50 cents after you've checked in and see the city. All prices in US dollars. Don't let the Courtyard name scare you off- this is not a Courtyard- don't know why Marriott labled it that way- this is more like a JW or Renaissance brand.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaulSEA1
<Content>Clean new hotel, most rooms with great view This hotel is brand new, very clean, and has great views of the shrinking Hong Kong harbor from most rooms. I stayed twice on this trip and had a corner room both times.The rooms are very small but the furniture fits and the glass bathrooms make it feel larger than it is. The rooms have full and very effective electric shades that block out all light.Unlike most bare boned Courtyards this one has a business lounge as if it was a full fledged Marriott. The lounge offers cooked to order eggs, a small choice of hot food, and the usual cold offerings for a nice Marriott.In fact I think the only reason that Marriott gave this property the Courtyard brand is because the rooms are too small for full Marriott branding. Otherwise it's a full service hotelI like the location in Sai Ying Pun but some may find it far off. The trolley stops adjacent to the hotel and takes about 15 minutes to get to Central. A taxi only takes about 5 minutes. it's immediately off the Western Tunnel entrance and so it's very convenient for my trips to the China Ferry Terminal in Kowloon. I walked to central in about 30 minutes. It's about 15 miuntes walk to the Macau ferry terminal.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>emptynest1234
<Content>A Courtyard like no other! Second trip to Hong Kong after 4 years. Hotels can be very expensive in Hong Kong. Used 85,000 Marriott points for 5 nights (a great deal) and tried the brand new Courtyard by Marriott on Hong Kong Island. It opened on April 1, 2008. We arrived on April 19th. Quoted rates were around $200 a night. This is a Courtyard like no other that you may be used to in the States. It is a 32 story hotel. 4 stars for sure. The room we had on the 30th floor had a great view of the City. The other side of the hotel had harbor views toward Kowloon but the weather was somewhat foggy so you couldn't see much from the harbor side so we opted for the City side at no additional cost (harbor side is $25US more per night). However, we did upgrade for a room on an executive floor at $51US more per night. It was worth it as it included a great breakfast every morning and a happy hour from 6 - 8 pm every evening with cocktails, wine and beer and very tasty hor d'oerves. The $51 cost was definitely worth it. Other than the fact that the hotel is new therefore everything is clean, the room was great in terms of amenities (flat screen TV, etc.) what really makes this hotel stand out was the incredible service from every staff member we came in contact with. They really bend over backwards to make you feel comfortable including the cook who made our omelets every am. Most of the staff speak good English. It's seems that is a requirement to work there. Many of the young staff went to college in the States. So, if you're a Marriott member, the use of points is a great deal. However, we would pay the approximately $200 for a room here if we were not Marriott Rewards members. The location is fine. The City tram runs across the street from the hotel and takes you to the MTR (subway) station and the Star Ferry station to Kowloon and Macau. The location is in a quiet local business neighborhood and avoids the noise and crowds of Kowloon. If the price fits your range, this is definitely the place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

