<Author>JB4
<Content>Exceptional Just look at the other reviews in general and you can get a feeling of how EXCEPTIONAL this hotel is.I stayed here with my wife and 14 year old son.I am not joking but it is probably the best hotel I have stayed in along with the Oriental in Bangkok.Location,excellent and above the subway is a must due to the size of the city.The rooms,decor,facilities,lounge areas are superb.Plenty of places to relax with a drink aswell.Yes it is pricey but so is Japan.This place is class at the highest level and as for the service it makes you feel like royality.I have stayed at many top hotels and visited many and one of my hobbies is to research and read about and visit these hotels.This hotel is virtually faultless trust me.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KV1234
<Content>Mandarin Tokyo - expecting too much?       Mandarin Tokyo - and even a plate of Mandarins  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>susanPerthAustralia
<Content>Absolutely superb! I am here with my husband and two kids (7,8 yrs) and as I write this review it is NY Eve and I sipping an Asahi and looking out on the most spectacular city night scape I have ever seen! We are in a two bedroom suite which is huge by any countires standard stylish and beautiful. We travel extensively so It takes alot to 'wow' us but I can honestly say every moment of our 5 night stay here has been magnifiicent. I don't want to leave here! Usually when you stay anywhere there is a list of both Pros and Cons....I can't think of any Cons so let me just give you the Pros:Check in - Flawless and all of the 20 or so floor staff knew who we were and addressed us by name. Note during our entire stay when requesting something from concierge ect and I have said would you like my room number? Staff have agian used my name and have known my room number! I don't know how they do this but it's a really personal nice touch. We arrived on an early morning flight several hours before any hotels check in. We were given a room with no fuss and not the normal we are doing you a favour, we don't have to give you a room until 3pm attitude you sometimes find in the industry. We were escorted to the room and shown all the entertainment system, blind systems, light systems ect (Japan is a country of techno and this hotel lives up to the standard there). The room was spotlessly clean as anticipated and uses material, wood and stone in different textures to create a relaxing beautiful space. We went out every day but didn't really want to leave the room. The children were catered for beautifully with their own size gowns, slippers and welcome ameneties. Again nice touch. Welcome amenaties for adults as well.Products - So may products to use during your stay means you don't have to worry if you forget somthing they even provide hairbrushes and PJ's. Room is service twice daily and at turndown they also provide you with aromatic lavender oil to help relax you. Oh and the bed......unbelievable. The toilet also unbelievable (more technology), one of those toto toilets with warmed seat, lots of jets and then self flushes when you are finished. The bath in the master suite looks out over the Tokyo skyline also.Room service - 5 star restaurant grade meaning you could get away with not leaving the room to eat. They made to order things for the kids that weren't on the menu at reasonable price. Breakfast buffet had a wonderful selection that did not have that buffet wilted look about it. Fresh and sublime. We are booked to try ONE of the michelin star restaurant tomorrow - there is three inhouse! So undoubtly you can't go wrong with food here.Location - You are right above the Japan Metro with easy access to anywhere in Tokyo. We have had fun navigating our way around this quick clean and effiecient means of travel. Tokyo is a really safe city for tourists and I we haven't seen any seedy side or felt uncomfortable anywhere. Spa - spent a few hours escaping here. Two whirlpools, steam room, sauna again with the most amazing views - I watched the sun set over Mt Fuji there tonight. Very clean with washing before entering and in true Japan bathhouse style in the buff. I am booked for a treatment tomorrow you have to book well in advance as they are the best in town.In summary as I could go on and on this place is amazing. This is not a hotel but an experience and one of which we have been very lucky to have found. Don't miss it!Happy New Year!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>atanna
<Content>The best City Hotel in the World A simply heavenly experience. The rooms are extremely spacious and beautifully decorated. The service is exceptionally personal. The restaurants serve delicious food. My only reservation would be the portions in the restaurant, which were very small (even though the price wasn't!). Ultimate luxury in Tokyo, and a great location too, right next to the tube station and minutes from the shopping district.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mguest
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic! We had recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental San Francisco in September and based on our wonderful stay at that property, promptly decided to stay at the Mandarin Oriental Tokyo during an upcoming trip to Tokyo. In fact, the MO San Fran's GM acted as a liaison with the MO Tokyo on our behalf - what wonderful customer service! From the very moment we arrived at the hotel to our departure - we were completely wowed in every sense - it was so hard to leave. We were warmly greeted (they knew our names within 30 seconds and continued to greet us by name throughout our stay) and check in was gracious and efficient. We stayed in Room 3406 and were afforded a magnificant view of Tokyo's skyline and Mount Fuji. The room category was Premier Deluxe King and the room and its amenities were top notch. The room was huge with a large walk in closet and floor to ceiling windows; the interior decorating beautiful and comfortable. The lighting was excellent and bathroom, shower, and toiletries were all great. As other reviewers have mentioned, the TOTO toilet will amaze you. The breakfast buffet was excellent with just the right amount of options and variety - it was a pleasant way to start each day. The fresh squeezed orange juice and coffee were excellent too and the staff were wonderfully attentive and friendly. Room service (I ordered coffee for the mornings) was excellent and prompt. The workout center was top notch with new treadmills, ellipticals, and Cybex machines - all with a great view of Tokyo while you work off those calories.The Concierge team was phenomenal and assisted us with the purchase of bullet train tickets to Kyoto, car service, ryokan suggestions, etc. prior to our arrival. The team's responsiveness via email was incredible and throrough. Once we arrived, the team provided wonderful sightseeing and restaurant recommendations (be sure try their shabu shabu restaurant recommendation!) and excellent maps. The hotel is located on top of a Metro stop so it doesn't get any easier to tour the city. The Metro system itself is easy to navigate and much quicker (and cheaper) than using a taxi. The hotel is also located next door to one of Tokyo's main department stores - be sure to stop by the basement's food department.One minor negative was that we had dinner one night at the hotel's Signatures restaurant and to be honest, we were a bit disappointed in light of its one Michelin star rating. We opted for the tasting menu and although all of the courses were beautifully presented and the service excellent, some of the courses were a bit sub par. The chef (s) are Austrian and the menu highlighted Austrian fare rather than French inspired courses. Several of the courses were very heavy (i.e., lots of meat, starch, and gravy) and the portion sizes were a bit large considering there were 7+ courses to navigate. But, it still was a pleasant and enjoyable evening overall.Although the Mandarin Oriental Tokyo is not inexpensive, it is worth every single penny and spoils its guests in every respect. We were constantly greeted with warm smiles, attentiveness, and graciousness. I can't say enough on how wonderful this property and staff are. Go if you can - life is too short!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pastryslave
<Content>A truly memorable experience We stayed two nights at the Mandarin for our wedding in Tokyo, and it turned out to be a perfect choice. The place is everything you would expect and more: The rooms are large, impeccable, comfy and luxurious (we had a Mandarin corner room, highly recommended, huge windows on two walls offered a spectacular view of Tokyo from the 35th floor, amazing at night). The location is nearly ideal, 1 subway stop from Tokyo station, and the entrance to the subway is within the building. The entire place looks gorgeous, the lobby bar and restaurants are almost as amazing as the Park Hyatt across town in Shinjuku. Room service is prompt, corteous, and quality of food is excellent. Best of all: Every single staff member we came across were friendly, efficient and made us feel like royalty.The day before the wedding turned out to be a bank holiday, which could have caused us some real problems, but the staff were really helpful with the final arrangements for the wedding. During the stay they excelled in every way, we soon just called the front desk whenever we needed help with some silly detail. They came through for us every time. It's not Tokyo's cheapest hotel, but well worth it if you really want to pamper yourself.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YouTraveler
<Content>Unforgettable Top Notch Service       Premier Grand Room - Window View 2  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>akanemut
<Content>Wonderful Service I stayed with my friends at Christmas and the service was fantastic! The hotel gave us Mo毛t  Chandon and apple with welcome message as special gifts!I would love to stay there with my boybriend next time...!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cameron85
<Content>Amazing Service        Skyline at Night from the room  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jinapsan
<Content>Thought of Everything We just returned from a 3 days stay at the Mandarin Oriental. While quite pricey, this hotel simply cannot be faulted. The service was impeccable. They were all very attentive from the moment we arrived at the hotel until we left. They even assisted me in finding certain japanese products I was asked to pick up while in japan. They found the products at a discount which they passed on to me and left them in my room after returning from a long day touring the city. They simply passed the cost onto my checkout bill. The room we got was in the 36th floor and had incredible views of Tokyo. Out of all the hotel rooms I have ever stayed at, I would say this room was the most well thought out. The bathroom shower had every type of shower head you can think of. The tub was deep and had a small flat screen tv and its own beautiful view of the city. The toilet had the fully automatic japanese-style bidet with every conceivable setting for your derrier. The bathroom was also well stocked with the usual amenities, bathrobes, and towels. The bedroom had a huge flat screen HD TV, the bed was large and comfortable with large view windows. The hotel also provided a small bottle of incense/fragrance that you can use to make the room smell like a spa. They also provided you with separately shrink-wrapped bedroom slippers and comfortable japanese yukatas (robes) for loungewear. The bed was incredibly comfortable. The buffet breakfasts were not as as elaborate as other hotels we have stayed in but the selection provided is still quite nice. Staff at the restaurant again were efficient and attentive and you cannot ask for a better setting to have such a nice breakfast with panoramic views of the city. This hotel is one of the best out there. If you can afford it, I would recommend you stay here.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Fine Hotel, Convenient Location       Deluxe Premier Room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Overpriced, Over-rated and Awful Service       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Aspen09
<Content>Gorgeous hotel, very expensive We stayed at the MO Tokyo in June, and while I did love my stay there, it ended up being extremely expensive, but then again, you are in Tokyo and everything is expensive, so you deal with it when you get home and enjoy it while you are there. The lobby and the bars around the lobby are simply stunning. Very cool decor, up 38 floors with amazing views of Tokyo. On the downside, the drinks in the bar were $21 USD per drink and they were pretty small, so after 4 drinks a nearly $200 tab felt excessive. We didn't try the tapas bar but it looked great and other reviews rave about it so i wouldn't miss that.The location is in a bit of a business/dept store area, but its actually really central to everything, relatively speaking, given how huge Tokyo is. You are very close to Ginza, Tokyo station (hub for trains all over Japan), and the Tsukiji fish market.Rooms are nice, but definitely on the expensive side. At $750 US per night (what it comes to after that 18% tax you dont see in the rate) the rooms could be a little bit more exciting. I usually dont mind paying up for a great hotel room, but we were out exploring most of the time and really only got to enjoy the room to sleep.This is the only hotel I have every stayed at in Tokyo. Given that everything at this hotel level is very pricey, I would recommend it.Its beautiful, the staff is helpful, and its calming to return to after spending a day out on the mania that is Tokyo. Oh, one more thing, we were in our room on the 37th floor when an earthquake hit. The building swayed and creaked, but that is what its supposed to do apparently. Its been built to withstand quakes, so you can feel good about that!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Australian_London
<Content>Amazing place A really great hotel. Great service, great rooms. The only downside was the location, which was good for Tokyo Station and the Imperial Palace, but quite a way away from some of the more interesting areas of Tokyo.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SabaideefromOregon
<Content>Better than the best The hotel has a fabulous design sense and the rooms are especially comfortable with unbelieveable views. However, what takes this hotel to the next level is the service and attention to detail. The staff responded to every request with a thoroughness my husband and I have never experienced. Whether it was directions, use of subway, restaurant reservations, or restaurant recommendations they exceeded our expectations. The kicker was when we left and arranged the limousine bus service. I told them we were spending our last night at an airport hotel. When we went to get on the bus they provided me with a detailed map of where to find the next hotel, how to get the free shuttle bus, and the specific times to get the shuttle. The detail was amazing, and I had not even requested any of the information, which was extremely helpful. They refused to take a tip and my husband had to secretly hand them a tip to be discrete. Great hotel and great service. They even waited for us to depart and say goodbye before we got on the limousine bus to the airport.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCMember
<Content>Exceptional service (at a price) We stayed for the first night of our stay in Tokyo at the Mandarin Oriental, booking a Deluxe room as part of the seasonal packages offered by the Hotel's Web site.The room was fully conform to the web site pictures, spacious with impeccable fittings. Exceptional TV and Multimedia equipment (a set of cables makes it possible to use the flat panel LCD TV as output for your laptop). Service was perfect throughout. Breakfast was fine, perhaps not as impressive as the rest.The most memorable event was the dinner at the Tapas (the name of the restaurant) Molecular Cuisine restaurant. Because the restaurant only serves 6 guests for two services each evening we thought it would be impossible to get in, yet the hotel staff spared no effort to find us space - eventually by adding two seats. My advice however from now on is to book the restaurant in advance not to put staff through too much pressure! BTW the Tapas is really value for money (around JPY 30,000 for two with 24 tapas each). The room itself as expected is not exactly cheap, but in line with hotels of that category.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>M_and_RHuddersfield
<Content>We'll be back! You can never be sure, when you read lots of glowing reviews about somewhere, that, when you go, your expectations will be met. Staying at the MOTYO, they are. We had a wonderful 3 nights there earlier this month. It is quite spooky that they greet you by name when you arrive to check-in at the lobby. My guess is that they take a quick peek at the luggage labels as they retrieve those from you at street level, but how several of them remember your names a couple of days later is indeed impressive.The hotel is wonderfully situated, being right above a Metro station, and even better, on the Ginza line which goes to all the places you want to see, or links to other lines, and is next door to the magnificent Mitsukoshi department store. I could easily have spent many more hours and yen in there. There were also several convenience stores nearby, selling all sorts of interesting stuff, especially great Japanese chocolates.Visiting in August as we did, we were never going to have clear views of Mt Fuji, and although our room on the 35th (!!) floor didn't look over the prized Westerly view, we had the bonus of being able to see the 'Golden Flame' (?Turd) of the Asahi brewery. Besides, after dark, all views are equal.Many people have gushed about the glass-walled bathroom, but although handsome, I must admit that this is highly impractical. When ever either of us went to the loo in the night, torch in hand to find the way, the other was instantly awoken - the situation was not helped by the electrical toilets of which the Japanese are so keen. This whirred and flushed all of the first night, leading us to unplug it last thing at night after that, replugging it in the morning. The shower and bath were gorgeous, though, the latter being deceptively large enough for a decent soak in after busy days pounding the Tokyo streets.Adam and the rest of the concierge team were really helpful, and the eateries they recommended were great - a wonderful sushi bar and a shabu-shabu place, both within walking distance of the hotel (our experiences better than Bob and Charlotte in Lost in Translation). There were lots of other good places which we discovered ourselves just by walking a bit.The breakfast buffet was good, although not quite as good as that of the ANA Hotel in Kyoto, with an interesting little starter drink of brown sugar and rice vinegar (sounds disgusting but I liked it), and the eggs, I bet, come from very happy hens, judging by what they're fed on!We were very envious of the people just arriving as we were leaving, and we will definitely return to the MOTYO when we go back to Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>investr
<Content>One of the Best Hotels in the World We stayed in a fabulous two-bedroom suite at the amazing Mandarin Oriental, Tokyo for a full week in July. I can summarize our experience by simply stating that this is one of the best hotels in the world, and we rate the service there as the finest we have EVER encountered in our travels.We enjoyed a great flight with excellent service on Singapore Airlines (one of three best airlines in the world) from Los Angeles to Tokyo. When we arrived at Narita Airport, two people with the hotel鈥檚 鈥淢eet  Greet鈥?service were there at the gate when we got off the plane, and helped us negotiate the airport and quickly through customs/immigration, then on to the Mandarin鈥檚 Deluxe Van that would take us to the hotel. Our experience has shown us that although expensive, these two services are well worth paying for when arriving at a big, complex airport in a non-English speaking country. We departed Narita at about 6:30pm and the drive took approximately 1 hour  15 minutes. The Senior Guest Relations Officer 鈥?Takashi Kurono 鈥?met us when we arrived and escorted us directly to our room, where he took care of the check-in procedure. Takashi was terrific and gave us much good advice in finalizing our plans for touring Tokyo. He also followed-up up each meeting with excellent data and maps to help us with our self-guided tours. We then visited the famed Ginza area that night.This was our first trip to Japan and we rank it among the most fascinating places we have visited. Tokyo is amazing, and could be best described as a much cleaner  newer New York City, filled with extremely nice, respectful people. We had no problem getting around the city by ourselves and only used a guide/translator and driver for a day and a half, when we were visiting artists in remote studios. The trains and subways were fairly easy to use and there was always some nice local person around who would help us figure out nuances of the ticket machine or location of the train. Would recommend spending a full day using the Yamanote Line train that makes an oval loop around the city. It runs above ground so you get to see much of Tokyo while riding. We began at 9:30am (to avoid earlier rush hour period) by walking 10 minutes from our hotel to Tokyo Station, bought 鈥渁ll day鈥?tickets and boarded the train. We then got off for walking tours at the Shinbashi, Shibuya, Harajuku, and Shinjuku stations, on the way to looping back around to our starting point late that night. Had a great dinner (and view) at the New York Bar  Grill on 52nd floor of Park Hyatt Hotel in Shinzuku, where 鈥淟ost in Translation鈥?was filmed (recommend watching before first trip to Tokyo). The Mitsukoshi Department store located next to the hotel was our favorite in the city. We visited the Ginza area several times for great shopping and restaurants and other interesting sites like the Sony Building and some museums. Also took the subway back from Ginza to the stop right next to our hotel. The Imperial Palace Garden is only a short 15 minute walk from the hotel and very beautiful to see.We also liked visiting the following areas: Ueno Park, Asakusa, Akihabara, Roppongi Hills, Hamarikyu Garden, Shiba Park, Tokyo Tower, and a boat cruise down the Simuda River.Had room service at the hotel every morning and a number of nights, and service and food were terrific. Tried the Sense restaurant one night and it was great. Our only disappointment with the hotel was their currency exchange charge of about 7.5%, which is the highest we can remember encountering at any hotel. Would recommend walking to the bank next door to the hotel where the charge was only 1% for Travelers Checks and 2% for USD conversion to Japanese Yen.Following our stay in Tokyo, we planned to take the Shinkansen bullet train from Tokyo Station to Osaka. The hotel took care of everything, booking and acquiring our first class (green car) tickets on the newest trains 鈥?Nozomi 700 series 鈥?which provide an excellent 2 陆 ride. They arranged a Deluxe Van to take us to the station and amazingly, one of the Bellmen escorted us there and through the chaotic station to our train, and also pulled several of our heavy bags from the Van all the way onto the train. We arrived at the station 30 minutes before our departure, so we could be first in line boarding our train car and be able to store our 3 heavy bags in the slot at the back of the car. The Mandarin also arranged with our Osaka hotel (Ritz Carlton) for them to meet us at the train platform when we arrived there and take us to the hotel. There we spend 1.5 days touring Osaka, then went with a guide on train to Kyoto for day trip, and repeated same process in Nara the next day. We stayed in Osaka (rather than Kyoto or Nara) because we were then able to fly direct from Osaka Kansai airport back to America (SFO) on United Airlines, which was very good (only one level below Singapore) and seemingly unrelated to the quality of its domestic service.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripindicular1
<Content>Beautiful hotel with some caveats We stayed at the Mand. Tokyo twice, once before travelling to Kyoto and then again upon return to Tokyo...a total of six nights. We had a mixed experience. The lobby is stunning in a very chic and original way. There is a pretty happening bar scene. The location is good for business but we were leisure travellers and to get some of the newer upscale shopping areas and art museums I think the RC has a better location. Service was mixed. The bellman were outstanding , check in quick considering when we arrived we were disappointed with our room size and could not get an upgrade unless we paid $300 more which we did. I had read about their spa and was excited to check it out. We were really covering a lot of ground touring every day and normally I would have gone for a massage probably every other day. The spa told us that we could only use the jacuzzi between 6:30 am and 9:00 am or pay $160 to use it. We found this ridiculous since we were paying approximately $1000/night to stay in a Mandarin suite. We also tried to get massages and found it near impossible to get in. Also, strangely the intro massage rate  was $160/hr and $340 for 80 minutes which made little to no sense. We found ourselves going to the RC and 4 S to get a massage a the end of the day and both were very welcoming. When I finally went to the spa manager to tell her about out difficulties with the spa she apologized, walked me back to my room and handed me her card suggesting that she call in advance if I stay in another MO hotel. I found this a bit strange b/c I didn't think they were able to provide a reasonable welcome to the spa in their own hotel.The rooms are gorgeous with great bathrooms and loads of bathroom amenites. Mitsukoshi is practically in the basement with the world's greatest dept store food market in their basement. The concierges gave us 2 very poor dinner steers, one on our last night of our trip to a brightly lit sushi bar in an office building that sat about 12. They told us it was one of the best sushi bars in Tokyo. They were out of tuna, yellowtail and eel when we ordered and unapologetically substituted with other fish as if we would not know the difference. When we told the MO concierge she was apoogetic saying that they were out of everything b/c it was 9:00 on a Friday night?! That said, the Tapas Molecular Bar right in the hotel lobby was on of the greatest dining experiences we have ever had and actually an excellent value at $125pp for 25 courses!! This is a no miss. All in all, we had a nice experience but would go to the RC next time inTokyo both for the location which is better for leisure travelers and also for the warmer staff. They were much friendlier to us as outside guests on two visits than we found anyone other than the doormen to be at the MO during 6 nights/ two stays.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LHsenator
<Content>one of the best Hotels i have been From the first Moment everything is perfect.This is really first class. If you can pay the price: do it, you will never forget it. This Hotel is just a dream. The view you have from the rooms are one of the best in Tokyo.Japan in general is country of perfection but the M O is even better. All the time they try to do the best for you and belive me they do ! I can not wait to go back one day.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>richvr
<Content>Absolutely wonderful experience at Mandarin Oriental The hotel lobby is fabulous. I was not sure if I should go here or to another hotel, but I decided to check out MO. The hotel rooms are probably better at the Peninsula Tokyo but the bar, the ambience, the service at MO is absolutely fantastic. The best contemporary chic designed hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mineralwater
<Content>The people make the difference, simply wonderful! There have been so many wonderful reviews for this hotel, I am a little hesitant to repeat them again, but just having returned from a week in Tokyo, I have to share this experience.A family of three, we spend a lot of time travelling all around the world. This was however our first trip to Japan. I choose the MO because of all the great reviews. Therefore, our expectations were extremely high. Premisis - About the building , the entrance, the lobby, spas , rooms , bars etc, all I can say is that I was flabbergasted. I have worked before on several hotel building projects, and I have a tendency to look at the quality of craftmanship in the design and fitting. I try to see where they have cut the corners, or made a small mistake. After spending a week at the MO in Tokyo, I found nothing! Although it seems not possible to me, they did not cut any corners! They have simply taken the best materials available, and applied them in an absolutely fantastic solution. I am not talking about one part of the hotel, I mean everywhere. From the entrance door to the bathrooms, it is perfect. (Small tip - have a look at the floor in the elevators or the stairs going from the lobby down to the bar. It is a black marble, but look for the blue highlights which shimmer in the day light. Amazing touch!)Service - This is by far the best trained hotel staff we have ever encountered. I cannot say enough about the front desk and concierge team. As in a previous review, we have been surprised by their friendlyness and competence in making our stay most enjoyable. From a fast check to a perfect check-out it was great. (Tip- the counters of the reception are beatifully lined in leather. small but nice touch. Also, if you are presented a pen to sign your bill or anything else. No flimsy plastic pens, but substantial writing pieces.)The concierge team has organised a guide, recommended and book restaurants, organised train tickets, recommened shopping tours etc. We could not have been more pleased. But to top it off, it was not the perfect rooms, the great spa, the wonderful views, great room service etc, that mattered, it was the true feeling that they care about you as a guest. This is something which begins in the traditional Japanese culture, but is perfected in the selection and training of the staff at the MO Tokyo. Example - we had booked a private guide for two half-days. This was a wonderful lady who spoke great english and took us to the places which were of our interests, and not only the ones in the guide books. After spending time with her she obviously learned about our interests in Japan and the history, culture , etc. After the second tour, on the day of our check-out, I received a small package from the concierge. I gift. I don't want to get into details here, but it was not a gift of high monetary value, but one of extreme kindness and consideration on part of the concierge team. After showing this small present to my wife, she practically started tearing-up in happiness. It was exactly what we have been wanting to bring back from Japan, and even better it was made for and about our family. In a situation like this, saying thank you seems too little, but is is all you can do. This was the so called icing on the cake. After spending a week in Tokyo, we went on to Kyoto for few days. We stayed in a very nice hotel, the Hyatt Regency, and upgraded to a very nice room, but after staying at the MO you just become too pampered, and anything else is a bit of a let down. Upon returning to Tokyo before our flight, we spent one night at the MO and felt as if we were returning home. Of course, we were greeted with the welcome back, and how was your trip to Kyoto. Wonderful! If you have the time and means to spend at the MO in Tokyo, please do not hesitate. It goes well beyond five or six stars in our eyes. Of course it all comes with a price attached, but for similar money you can also get so-so service. So don't make that mistake and stay with the MO Tokyo, perhaps the best hotel in the world!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DameDevon
<Content>Heaven on the 38th floor We began and ended our vacation in Japan by staying at the Mandarin Oriental/Tokyo. The hotel sets the standard for luxury. It sits on the 32-38th floors of an office building in a commercial section of Tokyo, with floor to ceiling windows providing sweeping views of eastern and western Tokyo. The guestrooms facing the west-- Mandarin Deluxe -- cost more, and offer a view of Mt. Fuji -- which only can be seen during certain times of the year. During our stay, Mt. Fuji was shrouded in fog. It might be better to spring for the higher priced room in the wintertime, when the mountain is visible. Tokyo's eastern exposure is also breathtaking, but be prepared for early morning sunshine pouring in when you open the draperies.  The rooms are relatively large, and every detail has been arranged with a traveler's comfort in mind: For example, there is a closet adjacent to the door of the guest room where the morning paper, polished shoes or other service has been discretely placed, that the guest can access from inside the room without opening the front door. The elegant bathroom has a wall mirror that slides so that you can have an unobstructed view of Tokyo from the bathroom. Each shower provides three shower heads -- a downpouring overhead unit; a wall mount, and a handheld unit. The lighting is ample and strategically placed.There is a well-equipped exercise room with floor to ceiling windows overlooking east Tokyo, featuring a wide range of Life Fitness equipment connected by wireless headsets to cable; and complementary freshly squeezed juice is served, A box in the guest rooms contains a collection of broadband ethernet and video cords. Broadband access is complementary. The service staff are ubiquitous and very helpful. When we returned to the hotel a week later for our last evening in Japan, the staff greeted us by name.Because the hotel is only two years old, some taxi drivers are not familiar with its location. Be sure to get a card with the hotel address and map on it before you go out, to avoid problems returning to the hotel.Dining in the more casual restaurant (where breakfast is served) on the 38th floor was excellent and had a range of reasonably priced choices. The breakfast cold buffet featured wonderful pastries and fruit, as well as traditional Japanese offerings. A hot buffet is also available.While expensive, the Mandarin Oriental was by far the best city-based hotel that we stayed in. We would definitely book it again if we return to Tokyo, unless the rates become out of sight. We enjoyed an internet off-season rate.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>howl
<Content>Astonishingly good.       That's a rather large TV  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clogs09
<Content>Excellent Stayed here for a couple nights recently. Excellent (large) rooms with great views over Tokyo. Service exemplary.Great spa and fitness room.Stayed in quite a few hotels in Tokyo, this is my fave for now.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jetsetter222
<Content>Great Hotel! During a recent business trip to Tokyo, I chose the Mandarin Oriental that I found the hotel to be an excellent choice and just another wonderful property from this hotel chain. The lobby was beautifully decorated with views of Tokyo and the room was modern with every amenity once could want. This hotel met all of my expectations and would certainly visit again when in Tokyo.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ariel77
<Content>Awesome experience at MO Stayed at the MO from 30 May till 1 June and then from 3 June till 6 June. We have stayed in many top hotels, and we just expected another 5-star hotel experience. As our cab approached the hotel driveway, the doormen were already enthusiastically waving to our cab, ushering it to stop where they were all eagerly waiting and with great efficiency, they unloaded the bags from the boot even before we paid the cab fare. We were greeted with warm welcomes and ushered to the 38th floor where the reception desk was. After a quick check in, we were shown to our room. Amex Centurion has a stay 2 nites, pay 1 nite promo at all MO hotels, valid for once a year and we took advantage of that. We were upgraded to the premier king room but decided to splurge on the executive suite for an extra 20,000 yen. It was very spacious, the bathroom had a free standing bath and a huge shower with seating for 2 people in it! The bed wasnt a full king, my only grouse for the price we were paying, we should have a full king bed. Broadband access is free, huge flat screen tvs, and very plush coverings. But the reason why i am writing this review is not because of the room, many good hotels have this too. Its the MO service that we are most impressed with. We have never experienced a level of service that goes the extra mile as we did here at MO. We were going to Izu, a 3 hour train ride out of Tokyo and altho I had done my research on the internet, we still had a few queries about getting there. The train schedule seemed to indicate that we needed to transfer trains but other sites said diff things. We checked with the front desk at MO and immed the man there, a very helpful Mr Takashi, offered to help me decipher and make out the route there. He took my train schedule and other info, made a copy and said he would get back to me. In less than 2 hours, they slid a note under our door and said that they would be happy to purchase the train tickets for us for the journey there and back to Tokyo. Of course we said yes please, and an hour later, the train tickets were sitting at the front desk waiting for me to pick them up. I only paid for them at check out. Someone actually went to the train station and bought the tickets for us, how cool is that!When we got back from Izu 3 days later, we were greeted with Welcome back Mr ---! by the doormen. How do they remember everyone's names?? I wouldnt flatter myself to think that they remember only our names of course, that they remember returning guests by name is amazing to me. Went to the spa and hub did a facial. They didnt just complete the facial and forget all abt him, they advised him on his skin type and how to manage his skin care. All in all, the service at the MO is stellar, and unmatched in all the hotels that we have stayed at, we have never felt so pampered and taken care of. We were not just guests, we were valued and treated with utmost respect and hospitality, they fully deserve their 6 star rating and what they lose out to in terms of location (how i wish they were in a shopping belt!), they more than make up for it in unparalleled service and warmth. Will def stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lana02
<Content>The Best We stayed @ Mandarin Oriental for just 1 night before going home. I thought it would be impossible to top Ritz but they did it.Unbelievable hotel. We had an amazing view from our room. Would absolutely stay again.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodtogo_8
<Content>A Little Slice of Nirvana The Mandarin Oriental Tokyo met all our expectations from the moment of our arrival when we were greeted at the front door and whisked up to the lobby until the time of our departure.The room was spacious by any standards but certainly by Tokyo ones and beautifully decorated but with restraint.The service was impecable. Staff never failed to be helpful and courteous.The spa was excellent.This was just a heavenly stay, in a hotel with its head it the clouds.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>acmes
<Content>splurge worthy For our family of four, we booked two adjoining corner rooms and now we are spoiled for any other hotel. Both rooms had endless views and were perfectly furnished. It can be quite difficult to find a hotel in Tokyo to accommodate a family, but the MO did so beautifully. My kids pointed our that their twin bedded room was even larger than our corner-king and technically they were right, but ours was quite satisfactory. The staff knows the essence of service and achieves a very high standard in a country that has perfected the art. The only downside to this hotel is that it's located in a business district and there's not much to do in the immediate area. There is, however, a very convenient metro/JR station on the ground level.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bharell_Jackson
<Content>In a different league Having stayed at some of the most expensive five stars hotels around the World, I can confidently say that Mandarin Oriental Tokyo really does deliver to a level that puts it in a league of its own. Everything from the hotel facilities, location, customer service and room size is absolutely superb. The only drawdown to a MO that really got it right is the spa treatment prices which are VERY high by any international standard.Will definitely be choosing to return next time in Tokyo.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cocos_knight
<Content>don't miss it Staying here is a real experience - we booked for the view and it was defiinitely worth it ! The rooms were flawless: Perfectly comfortable bed, very nice and high quality furniture and a fantastic view from everywhere (including the bath room). Shower and bath were both extremely comfortable.Service was great from arrival to departure. The assistance provided for organizing our onward journey was just exceptional. We had in-room breakfast and found this the only weakness. While very good in quality it arrived too early and the form provided is not unambiguous for all items. However apart from that all services provided were just perfect !  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jackiNorthEngland
<Content>The best Exceptional.!!! and from someone who is very fussy , that's praise indeed.This has to be one of the best hotel i have ever stayed in, and i have stayed in some very nice hotels around the world. Everything about the hotel is perfect but the most outstanding has to be the wonderful staff, without exception all the staff were exceptionally helpful, polite and friendly, nothing was too much trouble for them.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Crazycat
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!       The bedroom  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JTravel07
<Content>A truly magnificent memory We stayed at the MO in July 07 and have very fond memories of this hotel/holiday. A truly magnificent memory, which my husband and I will cherish for, I am sure many years to come.This is a fantastic hotel. It is the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The service was first class and the staff could not have been more polite, helpful and courteous. The rooms are beautifully decorated (and we only had a standard room), spacious and comfortable with a great floor to ceiling view. The design of the room is very stylish and comfortable with high quality materials and appliances. The room has a big Plasma TV and plenty of other fancy technology (i.e ipod and laptop connections). The bathrooms were also top notch, with a lovely big bath and separate shower and little flat screen TV. This is an expensive hotel but in comparison to other 5* hotels in Tokyo not that much more (sometimes even less) and well worth it. We did not choose a breakfast rate as it is in a city and coffee shops are close by. We had breakfast in several coffee shops (like Starbucks or similar), which were all in 5-10 min walking distance and always on the way to the place we wanted to visit that day.The location is also good. The subway access is in the hotel and you can get across town with the very efficient subway system. The hotel restaurants are also excellent. Again pricey but food and service were out of this world. There are plenty of restaurants in nearby Ginza. Just jump in a taxi, the staff at the hotel entrance help in explaining the drivers were you want to go and make sure you know how to get back to the hotel 鈥?very sweet.Another great benefit was that the Internet access was free.Overall I am just repeating what many people have said before me. Fantastic Hotel you won鈥檛 regret staying at this hotel, it is a real experience.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AM_NYC
<Content>Outstanding I have stayed here now a few times and it is absolutely perfect. Arriving in the lobby on the 38th floor with a view of Tokyo all around you through the glass windows is surreal. The staff makes you feel welcome from the moment you arrive. The rooms, the service, the spa, and the gym are all top notch. You can't go wrong with a stay here.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blubs
<Content>Excellent stay at the MO I stayed at the Mandarin for 3 nights in January and it was wonderful. After being stuck in traffic on the yellow bus for 2 hours, it was a relief to see the room! I agree with another reviewer, MO beats the Park Hyatt hands down. The hotel is very conveniently located and is right ontop of the subway station. The bedroom, bathroom, view (could see Mt Fuji!), and service were excellent. LOVE the bulgari white tea bath products :)  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SurferChick
<Content>PERFECT in EVERY way! Just returned from Tokyo and I cannot write enough good things about this BEAUTIFUL hotel. The location is excellent - there is the Metro in the basement which makes it very easy to travel around Tokyo. The staff are incredibly helpful with queries you have and advice on planning your site seeing (or cherry blossom viewing). The rooms are STUNNING!!! SUCH attention to detail. Big room, wonderful bathroom. It was difficult to actually LEAVE the room it was so nice. The view was spectacular. We could see Mount Fiji and the Tokyo skyscrapers. This has to be one of the BEST city hotels I have stayed in. VERY impressed! Would def want to stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>heeto
<Content>Lost in Translation indeed Our recent stay met all of our expectations.Had a west facing view where we could see Mt Fuji every morning.Fantastic since it was sunny and clear during our winter stay.Spent 3 nights and I cant say enough about the service of this hotel from the airport pick up,quick check-in to the service at the top floor bar.Rooms are spotless and the views spectacular.Though not in the middle of all the action we managed to walk everywhere or take the subway which is located nearby.Ginza district is only 3 stops away.The only negatives are the high prices charged at the bar-but that is typical of Tokyo hotels.Also the exhorborant prices the hotel charges to transport you from and to the airport.When we were there the cost was over $500 us each way!!!! Its much cheaper to take a taxi to Tokyo station and take the Narita Express train-about $40 per person.Would def stay here again.The only other hotel we would consider based on location and rooms would be the Peninsula in Ginza.You can check that one out too.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paul5
<Content>Wow! Your reviewers are 100% right. This is really world class. The wow factors are;1. Great rooms with stunning views2.An amazing 'front of house' - fast, friendly, efficient3. Little details - like the eggs at breakfast which have a reddish colour as a result of being fed on a diet of chilli and rosehip.4. A 'can do' attitude by staff. (For example, I wanted something that wasn't on the menu - they made it!).Very minor niggles...and yes, they are minor...were service in the 'all day dinning' restaurant was well meaning, but a touch all over the place. And the baths are large and nice but weirdly oval. Not ideal...but hey this place scores 98.5% (and no one get's 100%!).  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2piggies
<Content>The best! This place is the bomb. Stayed at Park Hyatt before as well--it's no match for MOTYO. Really convenient--mitsukoshimae stop on the metro is literally under the hotel. Great location if you like to jog : routes that circle the imperial palace..concierge not as great as last time. what happened to adam chapin? he was the best concierge. The fitness center is great, overlooking great city views. an attendant greets you with towel and bottle of water and offers cold juice on your way out; although last time i also got a cool, damp washcloth. maybe i looked sweatier? anyway, after jogging one morning, the downstairs greeter practially ran to beat us to the elecator to give us some water and towels. really impressive! the breakfast is really nice too, especially since it can be a challenge to find breakfast outside the hotel. kind wish i could live there...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MillyEdinburgh
<Content>Possibly the best hotel in the world... We stayed here on our way home from a tour of Australia and to be honest I was gutted to leave after a few days. It's quite simply one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The service was first class and the staff couldn't have been more courteous. We stayed on floor 38 and the view of Mt Fuji in the morning from our window was breathtaking. The hotel has lots of great restaurants and you must have cocktails in the lounge as the views over Toyko are uninterrupted.I loved the bed, it was huge and the most comfortable few nights sleep I've ever enjoyed. The rooms are furnished to a very high standard indeed.I also loved the spa facilities, they don't seem to advertise that they are free, but you'll get the best views ever and it's open quite late. I also enjoyed a signature treatment which was fab, though a little pricey.If you're like me and debating over the Hyatt or the Mandarin, I promise you won't be disappointed, it was perfect in every way.Oh and if you get the chance, hire a private guide circa 拢100 for two people (or if you're brave enough go it alone) and take yourself down to the fish market where you'll catch the fish auctions, it's incredible. We also went to a traditional Japanese tempura restuarant which the concierge organised.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbbug
<Content>A beautiful and tranquil sanctuary We stayed 2 nights at the MO with 2 children. It was excellent in everyway. The room was large and the view was to die for---even at breakfast we could see the sun rise slowly over Tokyo. The location is not right in the midst of tourist town but it is conveniently close to everything due to a great subway/train system underneath the hotel. Ginza is only 2 stops away--about 5 minutes. However, it was the small touches or the attention to detail that made this hotel extremely memorable for us. The bathroom IS definitely the best room with tv, deep soaking bath, 3 types of shower heads and still the view! The service was wonderful---nothing was too much trouble and they even took us down to the station to showed us how to purchase tickets for the train. Not that daunting but it cut out a lot of possible confusion. I was also able to get the concierge to purchase JR train tickets to our ski resort before we arrived and charge it to our room. These tickets can not be purchased outside of Japan so the concierge saved me much precious time in that regard. All I can say is that the hotel staff were absolutely warm, efficient, and truly helpful in every possible way. Yes, it is expensive but worth it to experience the best---at least once! Oh yes, the breakfast buffet was excellent---very nice smoked salmon, eggs benedict with crab meat, and truly crisp luscious french pastries to enjoy. We loved it so much we really didn't want to go out and brave the wonderful city.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbffpp
<Content>Flawless. Simply the Best in the World. Being used to stay at top notch hotels around the world, when we arrived to Mandarin Oriental, we were blown away. We arrived very early (at 6 o鈥檆lock am) to Tokyo airport, so we were at the MO around 8:00 and they had our rooms ready. They knew in advanced, but they took care of that little detail. Check in was courteous, efficient and fast. They understood that after 15 hours of travelling we needed to rest. However if it had took a little more, it wouldn鈥檛 had bothered us, the lobby is beautiful. Being at floor 38 and having views to all Tokyo, is just fascinating. When we arrived to the rooms, the wow factor continued. Rooms are elegant, contemporary yet classy and rich of Japanese heritage. We reserved rooms looking toward the Imperial Garden and Mount Fuji, which are a little bit bigger than the rooms facing the other side. High technology is everywhere. The bathroom is impressive and the shower is the best. Breakfast was included with our rate, so we had it. It was fabulous. When we entered the restaurant (with views too), we saw a not-so-large selection. But soon we learnt that it was just half of it, the other part was 鈥渁 la carte鈥? The selection in the menu was gourmet and the food surpassed the expectations. The only place I can think of having a breakfast as good is the Peninsula Hong Kong. When we left the hotel, it was before the restaurant was opened, so they gave us box-lunches, which were quite good.The facilities are not just the only great part of this hotel, it is the service. They are really happy that you have chosen their hotel. When returning to the hotel, we were greeted with 鈥渨elcome back鈥? for example. These kinds of little touches make the whole experience satisfying. Staying at MO is staying at the best hotel of the world.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>winedoc
<Content>Great but not memorable This was our first stay in Tokyo and choose MOT over PHT purely based on location. MOT is closer to most of the tourist locale which can be easily reached via subway with the Ginza line. The room was excellent - clean and funished with quality furnishings. The bathroom/shower was probably one of the best in the world. For $700/night, I expected a bit more from a service standpoint. I received as good of service and recognition from most standard Starwood hotels in Asia for half the rate. Maybe I expected a bit more for such a lofty rate. Many nights, I sat at the desk looking at PHT wondering if they had better service than MOT.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Funky_travel_junky
<Content>Oasis of calm  This was our first stay at a Mandarin Oriental and we were blown away by the attention to detail. We'd give it brownie points for:1. being able to check in at 10am without any fuss2. the Aromatherapy Associates toiletries  natural bath sponge3. the aromatherapy oils that scented the rooms4. the AMAZING floor to ceiling views5. the quality of the furnishings and bedding6. the technology - LG plasmas in the room/bathrooms7. the fab shower ...the oval bath took a wee bit of getting used to8. the service in the hotel bars and restaurants9. professionalism and warmth of staff in general10. The MO bar - forget Lost in Translation and the Hyatt...this is the real deal for your cocktail with the skyscraper viewtiny gumbles..1. The rate on check in didn't quite correspond to the internet rate quotes but we stupidly didn't have the rate to hand to disagree (not tax, we's allowed for this).2. Having to go via the impressive lobby to get to the spa/leisure facilities3. Not having a detailed spa facilities menu - either a hard copy on on the guest services screen on the plasma.A fabulous place to come back to after days spent in crazy, wonderful Tokyo. After 4 nights we didn't want to leave. Our new favourite hotel chain.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peech
<Content>Oasis of Tranquility above Tokyo Had a nice, two-night stay at the hotel during my trip. The location is reasonably convenient, being above the Mitsukoshi-Mae station on the Ginza line. It's a bit away from most major attractions for tourists, but you can easily get around on the subway.The lobby is on a high floor, and gives a feeling of tranquility. There are bars and restaurants on the lobby floor as well as below, accessed via stairs. Nice views of Tokyo from there.The rooms are very nice and comfy - big for Tokyo. The decor is subtle and pleasant. The bathroom is wonderful - my girlfriend's favorite hotel bathroom. Dining at Tapas Molecular is a nice experience if you like that sort of thing, which I do.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rachy20154
<Content>Lovely - huge rooms, sweet staff, relaxing haven This was my first MO but probably won't be my last! The rooms are huge by any standards, and for Tokyo they are almost obscene. I was in a Mandarin room, on 33rd floor facing the Imperial Palace gardens and the Tokyo Tower. The view was amazing, and had it not been overcast I would have woken up to Mount Fuji too!Plus points: staff at front desk, concierge, housekeeping are excellent. The beds are super-comfortable, large and the blinds are blackout which makes sleeping in all too easy! The bathroom is beautiful with a great shower. Front desk arranged the Limo Bus to Narita for me, and switched the tea in my room to English breakfast when they reaslied I dislike green tea. They even delivered fresh milk every day for it too. (You can take the girl out of England...) Not so plus points: restaurant maitre d'hotel was snooty (just the European guy, all the Japanese staff were faultless).  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wereldreizigster
<Content>State of the art rooms I loved the rooms, absolute top class!Service meticulous!Food very good..Location very nice with Mitsukoshi next door!Hope to stay there soon again!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpolastre
<Content>Go Go Go!       tea  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ntfinn
<Content>Simply the best! There isn't enough praise that I can lavish on this hotel and its wonderful staff. We spent four glorious nights at the Mandarin Oriental over the Thanksgiving holiday. Being a kitchen and bath designer, I was anxious to see the much lauded bedroom and bath design. I wasn't disappointed. Many people assume that minimalist design is cold, sparse and uninviting. These rooms are high end luxury at its finest. Elegant materials, warm woods, special touches, and sound proofing make you want to stay forever. And the bathrooms? Wow.....you can't beat the combo of Asian design and German engineering (the shower and lavatory plumbing are HansGrohe from Germany). The Japanese Toto toilet took some getting used to, but that heated seat was a real treat! Probably the most comfortable bed/pillow combo I've ever enjoyed in a hotel and the linens were as high end as I had expected.The staff were polite, attentive and unobtrusive. The staff at the Concierge desk were extraordinarily knowledgeable and helpful for much more than dinner reservations! The public rooms are utterly amazing. The three stacked fireplaces were picture-worthy! And the view of downtown Tokyo exceeded all expectations.Treat yourself to something extraordinary and stay at this wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The Commish
<Content>Among The Best In The World I will be brief, as others have already provided ample praise for this spectacular place. On the pricey side, but well worth it. Great location, wonderfully helpful staff, incredibly quiet rooms, staff will cater to your every need. Probably the most comfortable bed/pillow ever. Highly recommended. The heated toilet seat, with electronic controls for rear cleansing and front cleansing was a new one on me.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sydneysider
<Content>Nothing is a problem at this wonderful hotel! Well, what can I possibly say about this hotel in the positive that has not already been stated!! Beautiful room, we stayed in a Mandarin Room with views out to Mount Fuji. Stunning!The bed was supremely comfortable with a light as air doona.Room service was prompt and special. Enjoyed the extra touches like flowers on the room service trolley.The evening turn down service was amazing to watch, one almost felt like royalty as the staff quickly and quietly buzzed around the room replacing towels, readying the bed and putting out evening water and incense.The best thing about this hotel was the conceige service.Wow, they arranged hire bikes for us in a jiffy and because we had asked on short notice they were concerned that we would have to collect them ourselves. Map with full directions was provided.The bike hire proved to be the best $5 spent on the trip as we toured from one end of Tokyo to the next over the following 2 days.Booking restaurants and ensuring correct directions were done with a smile and without fault.Only thing to keep in mind that this hotel is not cheap. With added service charge and 2 room service meals and breakfast we paid over $1000 Australian dollars per night!But hey, what an experience!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cjthekid
<Content>No exaggeration...this place is worth all the hype. A flawless, beautiful hotel with drop dead views. I was wavering between booking the MO or the Park Hyatt and boy am I glad I chose the MO. We had dinner at the Hyatt and it doesn't even come close. The service was beyond phenomenal and the rooms were spectacular. I can't gush more about this hotel...it was as close to perfect as a luxury hotel should be.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>youngaussie
<Content>The Best Hotel in the World I was fortunate enough to have had the opportunity to stay at this extraordinary hotel for 4 days recently through work. This is simply put: the BEST hotel in the world. It's beyond 6 stars and they can do no wrong.We booked an S class limo service from the airport and from the moment we arrived at the hotel, they had staff and porters waiting for us. The staff to guest ratio is incredible and you always feel that someone is nearby to assist. They took us immediately to our rooms where check in staff were on hand with arrival documents. Our bags came quickly thereafter and we were free to enjoy the incredible views of Tokyo that this hotel offers. The hotel sits atop an office building and has 30th+ floor views of the mountains, the city (Ginza is down the road) and you can see parts of the Imperial Palace's park lands.The premier grand deluxe rooms were breathtaking. Extremely spacious by any standard and exceptionally luxurious. The details are what matter here: a hand written note card tells you the day's weather information and tomorrow's; everything automated and electronic (including blinds and curtains); HDTV flatscreen; iPod plug in point; yoga mats and umbrellas; walk in wardrobe area; separate spa bath and open style shower... You couldn't ask for a better appointed room. And like the earlier reviews mentioned, the little hand through closet at the door is a very well conceived idea for the room. They delivered messages and newspapers without ever having to knock.We also enjoyed the inclusive breakfast every morning. You can order eggs a la carte/any style and there was the great buffet. More fusion style than simply Japanese, and they had a nice selection of beverages. We also had one business lunch in the all day dining restaurant and the food and service was very good. The only complaint we had here was that the coffee service was a tad bit slow every morning. We also invited friends over to enjoy the views at the tea lounge near the Mandarin Bar. We had tea, drinks, and some Chinese appetizers and the staff were not only attentive and friendly, but the service is non-instrusive in a nice and discreet way.We also used the gym everyday. The treadmills have views over the entire city and the large flat screens with wireless headsets made running very enjoyable. The gym is well equipped and the fresh juices and fruit are a nice touch. The staff person there was always helpful and on hand to make your work out productive. On our first time, he recommended the spa on the 37th floor which was free of charge if you use the gym. We followed his advice and went down to use the spa pools and sauna/steam room. This had to be the best and most relaxing thing activity in all of Tokyo. The views from the spa pools are hard to beat!The other thing we noticed that was exceptional was the house keeping staff were always on top of everything and you never saw them. A house keeping trolley was never in sight! They always knew when we weren't there somehow and they would always make up the room and do the turn down service. The aromatherapy bowl in the turn down service was a very nice touch prior to bed time.Another example of how great the level service is: hotel staff bow everytime you walk by and wait for you to pass. They wait for lift/elevator doors to close before moving on. And above all else, they have the just say yes attitude which makes everything a joy.I would highly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure (although Roppongi would be a better location for leisure travellers). The subway is just downstairs and very convenient and there is plenty to do at this location (the office building has a food court and shops). If you are debating which hotel to stay at in Tokyo, you will not only get the best in Tokyo here, but the best in the entire world.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CentaurMan
<Content>This hotel is as amazing as everyone says.... I did research tokyo hotels quite a bit before deciding on the Mandarin Oriental. Besides that this hotel is rated on this website as the #1 hotel in tokyo, I read every single review and all rated this hotel a 5.0. Notch up another 5.0 for the hotel from me.Top notch room, service, spa, restaurants, room service, view. From the moment we arrived to when we left. Above all, you will find the concierge service here alone worth it all. Very highly recommended ! Period.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rachel612
<Content>probably the best hotel in the world       the view to the west  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>General13
<Content>The real best hotel in Tokyo       Corner Room - Amazing Bathroom !!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Raquellopesgama
<Content>Best service in the world! My husband and I spent our honeymoon in this hotel, and felt in love with the spetacular view, the great breakfast, the amazing spa, the best bathroom. Unbelievable, even better than the Oriental Hotel in bagkok! The service is impecable. The best hotel I麓ve ever been.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tropo
<Content>One of the Best EVER! After a grueling trip across the Pacific, what you really need is an island of peace and quiet. The Mandarin Oriental is that special sanctuary that you have been dreaming about. At first you might not appreciate the understated decor and the ever present, but discreet service, but after a day or two, you will feel that you want to stay there forever. We had a corner view room and it certainly was worth the princely sum that such a view commands. You can sit for hours and just watch the lights twinkle. And the service is impeccable whether it is booking a rail reservation or writing a note to a store to return a defective product. We also loved our dinner at the Italian Buffet restaurant. Other hotels will have a lot to live up to after our wonderful stay here.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GCDallas
<Content>Excellent, Splendid, Superb Hotel My favorite hotel chain is the Mandarin Oriental. And this one is a perfect example why. It made our Tokyo visit just marvelous. Service is top-notch. Terrific room with stunning views. Quality, first-rate furnishings and beddings. Heated toilet seat! Spa was magnificent. Over-all first class.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BackFromAsia
<Content>Incredibly Good This hotel deserves the fantastic reviews. Like others, we've been to other tier one Asian hotels. Nothing (in our experience) comes close to MOTYO. The Concierge team in particular is masterful. They made our 4 days stay magical. They looked after every little detail, helped us to find special places that suited our desires, and responded effortlessly to tough requests at the last minute. The rooms are comfy, the food is great (although the breakfast is a bit weak). The Molecular Bar is a food experience. All in all - highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dalstonuk
<Content>The best hotel in the world? Is this the best hotel in the world? Quite possibly, as I've not stayed in all of them. It is certainly the best hotel I have ever stayed in!The rooms are stunningly gorgeous, and we awoke on 5 out of the 7 days to see Mount Fuji beyond the amazing views of Tokyo. Everything about the Mandarin Oriental Tokyo was perfect, from the cushy slippers to the amazing service.I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody and everybody. Our party included children from the age of 4 to grandparents (age 80) and everybody was happy and impressed. My only slight concern was that although the restaurants were lovely to look at (and the service was superb), the food was not on par with the surroundings. Presentation was beautiful, but taste-wise, not 5*.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nikken
<Content>One of the very best Having stayed in Tokyo at both the Park Hyatt and Grand Hyatt as well as Four Season one several occasions I can say that the Mandarin is right up there with the best.Service:Japan is world leader in service, so expectations are sky high and the staff at Mandarin get top marks. No other place in the world will you get better service than at a five star hotel in Tokyo and this is clearly one of them. It cannot be described, it must be experienced but it will leave you spoiled. Go anywhere after this and it will be a dissapointment. Location:It is good for business as it is walking distance to Marunouchi. Hence also convenient for tokyo station and ginza. But otherwise not as exciting neighbourhood as the Grand Hyatt in Roppongi.Interior:Very nice and feels new. Good sized rooms, good bar and lounge. Negatives:Does not have the excitement and views of the American Bar  Grill on top of the Park Hyatt. Location is not very exciting for leisure, Grand Hyatt is better for that. But don't get me wrong, this is one of the best hotels in the world in my book.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bas1976
<Content>Fabulous This hotel was wonderful. When we arrived there were lots of people to help and we were ushered up to the 38th floor for check in. The views from the reception were breath taking and the area was very stylish, with interesting art and historic objects. Our room was huge and had floor to ceiling windows with spectacular views. The room was open plan but zoned into areas which was cleaver use of space. The bathroom was great with a shower to die for (3 different shower heads!). The toiletries were excellent and of high quality. We ate at the chinese restaurant which was lovely but of the haute cusine variety so the portions were very small and they looked at me with horror when I asked for rice! Once again the views were gorgeous from the restaurant and service impecable.The location is central with there being an metro station under the hotel which makes getting around very easy. Overall I would definately stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Emzo
<Content>Fabulous Service       TV  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PeckCheck
<Content>Incredible luxury We spent 5 nights in Tokyo at the Mandarin, and could not have asked for a better hotel. My husband and I were in a corner king room, and my parents stayed in the Premier Grand King. Both rooms were spectacular, and quite spacious by any standard. Our corner king room had windows all around and into the bathroom, and when I took my nightly scented salt-filled bath, I was able to peruse the amazing city views from the 35th floor.My parents' room was even bigger than ours and also enjoyed amazing city views. It would be an understatement to say that they were pleased.There was an artfully presented snack left for us in the room each afternoon which was quite unexpected and delightful.The location was extremely convenient. The subway stop is located within the building itself, and Ginza is about 20 mins away by foot. The service was incredible. Smooth, polite, efficient, competent and discreet without being overly solicitous. From the moment we checked in until the day we left, I felt like a pampered guest, and truly regretted leaving.We stayed at our very first Mandarin property in Hong-Kong (Landmark Mandarin), and we have become loyal fans of this hotel chain. They know how to run a top-notch luxury hotel, and we will certainly be looking for other mandarin hotels when we travel again.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAWorkingMom
<Content>Absolutely perfect My husband and I stayed here for two nights while vacationing in Tokyo and were extremely happy with our choice. The graciousness of the staff made us immediately feel warm and welcome. We had arrived from the train station and as soon as we walked through the door, our bags were whisked out of our hands while we were directed to the elevator up to the top floor where the lobby was. And what an absolutely stunning view of Tokyo the lobby has! We were escorted to our room and oriented on the amenities in the room. Everything - from the check-in to check-out process, helping us with transportation to the airport, etc.- was done efficiently and competently. Our hotel room was very spacious (by Tokyo standards) with breathtaking views of the city. It had a large picture window. Decor was understated and elegant. Had free internet access and wide variety of TV  music programming so it felt like home. The bathroom had a great shower with 3 different shower options. Also fantastic soaking tub with own wall-mounted TV. It was also the little touches in the room that were nice - a large assortment of Lupicia tea, scented oils for the room, a turndown service that included the next day's weather forecast, yukata robes, slippers, and bathrobes, large umbrella since it rained frequently while we were there...The only drawback is that the lounge  bar appears to be very popular... and extremely smoky. It was very crowded at night both nights we were there, and so any visions of us enjoying a relaxing drink gazing at the lights of Tokyo quickly dissipated as we were unable to find a seat anywhere. We did enjoy a nice glass of wine in the Tea room. As an aside, if you are into interior design, the decor in each of the dining areas are worth checking out. We felt that this stay was amazing... if we have the opportunity to travel with our kids to Tokyo again in the near future, we will likely stay here. A true home away from home.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DC999
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven! Stayed at the MO at the end of our two week honeymoon in Japan. The location is very good - in the business district - but crucially really close to Ginza and Ueno districts which have plenty to do as well as being on the same tube line for Shibuya/Montesando. The room was great and the bathrooms particuarly nice - very deep baths and plenty of bathroom freebies that my wife covets so dearly.TV options were cool with lots of free HDTV documentaries and the movies were reasonably proiced at Y1500 - which is fair for a hotel of this nature.They charge Y6000 to use the sauna as well - which I thought was a a cheek - but they don't have a pool and the spa is probably one of the cities best ($280 USD facial anyone?).The bar was also great for propping yourself up at - although the all female bar staff and the particuarly annoying bar manager annoyed us. She refused to ley anyone sit in the waiting area for the French restaurant, even though we could plianly see waiters breaking the tables down (i.e. no one would have to wait to eat in a half empty restauarant, so this waiting area would never be used for it's intended purpose.) We also ate at the Molecular tapas bar - which was fun - but hard to recommend. A particular note was the concierge who recommended a brilliant cheap noodle house and the maps they give you to explore are a notch above the kind you normally get.Hard to fault apart from the grumpy and jobs-worthy bar staff....The staff ARE nice - but the Park Hyatt is in a different world when it comes to service.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mskudzu
<Content>Fantastic hotel, wish I could live there I stayed at the M.O. with my son and my sister for a summer vacation as tourists and were so happy with our choice. They treated us like royalty...even letting us check in IN our room. The front desk clerk walked us up and took my credit card info. there saying we had had a long journey and that we should relax. The room was technologically tricked out (electronic shades, drapes, lights) with a great view of the city and bay area. The bathroom was amazing including a toilet with heated seat, auto flush etc.The large jacuzzi tub was nice and three types of bath salts were left each day. The room included a hot water server for tea on demand and three types of fantastic teas were provided. Bedding was luxurious and the matress was perfect. The room service was prompt but I found the food to be just slightly above average. My sister slept on a rollaway (as usual when she travels with us) and said it equaled the beds in the room which were fabulous. She said it rivaled the rollaway at the FourSeasons Beverly Hills. I think she should write a hotel travel guide for roll away beds. This hotel is located in a high rise that is above the subway system and that is great for getting around. We took one cab the whole time. Do not book your airport car through the hotel unless you are spending someone elses money. $350.00 USD. The shuttle bus takes about 15 extra minutes for $30.00 USD. There is a am/pm shop located on the underground floor of the building that has unique drinks and great quick japanese breakfast items like rice balls stuffed with salmon and eda mame. Perfect when on the go. Ask for soy sauce. I have also stayed at the Four Seasons Maronuchi in tokyo which was also lovely, but I prefer the Mandarin. Spa...best in the East (or west!) Enjoy your stay!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>1trillium
<Content>They should give classes for service around the world My husband and I stayed here in March and had a wonderful experience. The people at the places we went to were all amazing and this hotel was exceptional. The service was better than any where else in the world. I am not easy to please but they were able to do it. The room was amazing overlooking the harbor and city, at night it was amazing. The location was great with lot's of places to visit nearby as well as the subway beneath the hotel. I do recommend getting a card from the front desk with the address of the place your staying because the cab drivers for the most part do not speak any english and need addresses for most places. You will be glad you stayed here. We have been wanting to go to Japan for about 7 years and every time we would tell a travel agent they discouraged it greatly. They kept telling us it was extremely expensive and hard to communicate. You could compare the pricing to London, Paris, New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, or any other big city. I'll admit the signage was a bit intimidating so make sure you have maps and addresses. The people are very service oriented everywhere you go and in a world where service no longer matters it was extremely refreshing. For this alone it is high on the list of going somewhere to be pampered and appreciated for your business. I recommend setting up tours, the guides speak english very well. So don't let your travel agent discourage you from the best trip you could take.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zwool
<Content>Perfect. Every concern addressed promptly... All of the previous reviews about how fantastic this hotel is are true. It really is an amazing place that captures the essence of Japan but not doing it in a way that would make foreigners uncomfortable.What impressed me the most happened upon check-out. The duty manager introduced herself, and escorted me to taxi waiting downstairs. On the way she asked me sincerely if there was any way that my stay could have been improved and then apologized for a technical glitch that had happened two days earlier in the room. 1. I can't believe she found out about it - it was so minor. 2. i can't believe she remembered 2 days later.The rooms are a tech person's dream - all of the audio/visual is run by a receiver and a computer that are kept in a small compartment that's locked under the TV. As I was going through the TV channel guide, the windows blue screen of death popped up. I called the front desk, IT came within 3 minutes, and rebooted the computer. Everything fixed within 5 minutes. One really nice touch is the evening appetizers brought to your room by housekeeping. Also of note are the free internet and complimentary bottles of water. I hate luxury hotels that try to pad your bill by charging you for things that should be included.Next time I'm in Japan, I'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pickysnicky
<Content>Almost Perfect       late nite snack  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JWYeung
<Content>MOTYO: Japan's Best!       MOTYO  Mitsui Building exterior  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>applefan
<Content>Absolutely stunning! This is probably one of the best hotels I've stayed at anywhere! It offers a great view, helpful staff and absolutely the best room and bathroom! The gym is also fantastic and also the best hotel gym I've seen anywhere! There is no doubt this is THE BEST hotel to stay at in Tokyo. There is probably only one thing I'd change: Japanese food on the room service menu. I stayed here when it was first opened so maybe they have changed it by now. The staff reall do go above and beyond to help you. I also wish there were more interesting restaurants around the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itinerant_ceo
<Content>Brilliant location, rooms, food and service This is a really excellent hotel; newly built and beautifully designed with stunning views, the rooms are cleverly laid out and my favourite in Tokyo (not shabby from age like the Park Hyatt, not impractical like the Conrad, not fussy and old-fashioned like the Westin). The service is fantastic, maybe even a shade better than the other excellent Tokyo hotels. Food is good if not quite as good as the Conrad. Location is for me the best of the bunch. It's expensive but well worth it. My favourite Tokyo hotel right now. My only very minor complaint is the impractical lift-up-to-the-lobby and then separate lift-down-to-the-room, but then again many Tokyo hotels are guilty of similar.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamie5126
<Content>Don't stay anywhere else I had only a little over 24 hours in Tokyo at the back end of a three week business trip. I stayed one night at the Mandarin but wished I could have stayed longer. Everything about the hotel is flawless - from the warm gracious greeting when you arrive, to the unbelievable views from the 38th floor check-in. Not to mention the gorgeously designed bedrooms and baths.Make sure you fully utilize the concierge. They go above and beyond to help you explore Tokyo. As I mentioned I had very limited time. I spent about 20 minutes with the concierge desk mapping out what I would see - and feel that I was very well advised.One highlight was going at 5 a.m. to watch the tuna auctions on the fish pier - I highly recommend this experience. Afterward you can have sushi for breakfast that will guaranteed be the freshest and best tasting sushi you have ever tasted!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mid_West_Traveler
<Content>Fabulous Hotel I stayed one night at the Tokyo Mandarin Oriental in transit to Malaysia. I had almost a 24-hour layover, so I wanted to experience a little of Tokyo. Also, none of the airport hotels looked too appealing. The Mandarin Oriental turned out to be an excellent alternative to a dreary airport hotels. One key point - - the staff all speak English which makes everything so much easier when you're exhausted and trying to check-in after a 14-hour flight!The hotel is absolutely beautiful, immaculate, and has every thoughtful ammenity you could imagine. I got a rate of 54000 Yen which equates to about $445.00US (tax and service included) on the hotel's website. The rate also included complimentary internet connection which most hotels charge for. This is an excellent deal compared to similar hotels in the US. It's difficult to get a room at the MO in NYC for less that $700 per night. My room had a western view which looks out over the Tokyo skyline. On a clear day, you can see Mount Fuji. The room was very large with a gorgeous marble bath with separate shower, w/c, and huge soaking tub. I had a king size bed that was very comfortable - - expecially liked the pillows as they were large and very fluffy.Breakfast was excellent with all the usual western breakfast items. The pastries were especially good. The restaurant is on the 38th floor with floor to ceiling windows. My table was right against the glass so the view during breakfast was excellent.The fitness room was great with state-of-the art equipment and cordless headphones provided so you can listen to music or watch TV during your workout- - limited English stations. The fitness center is also on the 38th floor and all of the equipment is set up facing the windows so you have a beautiful view to enjoy while you sweat!Arrival and checkout were flawless as was every interaction I had with staff. The service was flawless and everyone was so kind. In my opinion, this hotel is phenomenal - - highly recommended.GROUND TRANSPORT TIP: It's very easy to take the Narita Express from the airport to Tokyo station and then to get a cab to the hotel. When you buy your ticket at the airport after clearing customs - get a ROUND TRIP as this will save you time on your trip back. The ticket will have the date and time of your train on it as well as your seat. Seating is by Car, row and seat. I was in Car 1 seat 7A. Get the hotel staff to translate your ticket for you. For your trip back to Narita, be sure you know which terminal your airline flies out of at Narita. American has just switched operations to terminal 2. You must know this ahead of time as there are two stops at the airport. There is excellent sinage which will direct you to the Narita Express platform. When you get to the platform at Tokyo station, there will be signs on the floor on the edge of the platform that indicate where your car will stop. The hotel is just a short ride from the station. The train takes about 55 minutes each way. Caution: allow plenty of time for your return trip to the airport. My train was about 45 minutes late on the way back. I had built in an extra hour so I was fine. You can also take a bus, which they call a limousine, but if you get stuck in traffic your journey could be very long indeed. It is a little tricky negotiating Tokyo station even though everything is signed in English, too. If you contact the hotel, they may be able to forward a map of the station or a link on the internet that has a map. I had a paper document that the hotel e-mailed me with the name and address of the hotel in Japanese - - important. Your cab driver will need this. If you need any help getting to the hotel, you can e-mail the hotel ahead of time. They are very helpful.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jms-ny-usa
<Content>Killer category In a city as sliced and diced as Tokyo, it's indeed welcome to find a truly sublime respite in Nihombashi - manageable walk to Tokyo Station, Imperial Palace, Ginza, Otemachi. Knowing how to compete and win in non-Japan Asia, London, NY, Miami and slected elsewhere, MO did its best to create the killer category in Tokyo.The space, food quality, rooms are all at high quality design and achievement. Add Japanese pleasing manners and quality of high service among all the staff, and the formula is ideal. This place is special.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ADL_London
<Content>High expectations were more than met... Having read previous reviews, my expectations of the MO Tokyo were high. It did not disappoint. On any measure this is an outstanding hotel: service is attentive and charming, without being cloying. All rooms are a good size, and extremely well-designed and appointed. Dining in all the restaurants (including the bar) was good value for the quality and presentation of the food 鈥?plus, breakfast is served in the west-facing restaurant from where, on clear days, the snow-clad cone of Mt Fuji is clearly visible. As one has come to expect of any MO hotel, all public areas are also very beautiful 鈥?reflecting both contemporary design and local Asian influences in details, material and fabrics. (A prominent Japanese fabric designer was involved in the design project). Finally, in what is essentially a low-rise city the MO towers above local buildings 鈥?providing every room with jaw-dropping views across this extraordinary metropolis. This is used to great effect when being taken to your room for the first time in the evening; as you鈥檙e lead in, the window blind slowly goes up revealing a million lights of Tokyo stretching as far as you can see. Throughout this hotel the details have been really thought about. For me, it鈥檚 these that turned a great stay into an unforgettable one. I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>*Mark*J*L*
<Content>Utterly and totally wonderful       View from the room - sunset and Fuji  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Joy88
<Content>Incredible service and excellent hotel I accompanied my husband on his business trip to Tokyo. I stayed in Mandarin Oriental for 5 days and he stayed another 4 days for his business meetings. We are both very impressed by the immaculate service.Everything mentioned by all the reviewers was on the spot.He had stayed in Conrad, Grand Hyatt in Tokyo previously and said that MO is the best. I must raved about 1 incident here that impressed me enough to write a letter to the General manager .We had asked the conceige to make a reservation on the Romance car train from Odayku rail to Hakone. The lady on duty had spent us a confirmation letter to our room to confirm the reservation. On the day of departure, we checked out and had left our letter in the luggage which was being stored by the bell captain. We went back to conceirge to get the letter and a different guy was on duty. He couldn't locate the reservation letter. Anyway , we left the hotel and rushed to Odakyu Rail located in Shinjuku station.It was peak hour in the morning and it took us more than 30 min to Shinjuku station. After we got our tickets from Odakyu and was about to board the train. We saw Masuda san the guy who served us in MO.My first thought was he was off duty and but he told us that he had make a trip down to locate us when he found our reservation no. for the train. He was very apologetic and was worried that we got lost in Shinjuku station. He even gave us 2 bottles of warm Ocha for our train trip! We were blowed away by his incredible and excellent service that was way above our expectation.Besides, excellent facilities and location, the top notch service of the staff was the key factor of being the one of the best hotel in Tokyo.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>voyageur 脿 paris
<Content>Sugoiii!!! Japanese speakers will immediately get the title of this critique - sugoi means either awesome or amazing, and this is really the best description of this new arrival to Tokyo's increasingly exciting hotel scene. The hotel is located between levels 30 and 37 in the Mitsui building, in the heart of Nihonbashi, a stone's throw from the Otemachi financial district and the neon lights of Ginza. There is so much going on in this part of town that one doesn't have time for jetlag! While some may prefer the new developments in Roppongi, there is still the seedy side of that area to contend with, and believe me, there is nothing down market about the MO's neighbourhood! The Tokyo megalopolis sprawls out beneath your feet, and the views are absolutely breathtaking from any angle. My room was westward facing, and the views on Fuji-san at sunrise were astoundingly beautiful. All rooms at MO are huge, by any standard. They are tastefully designed, are complemented by a large flat screen TV, and are very - well - zen. The bathrooms come with all the extras, including self heating, self-deodorizing, and (yes) self-flushing toilets - this is Japan after all! There is a smallish fitness room - perhaps too small - on level 37, but it's the apr猫s workout in the spa which more than compensates. The Spa promises amazing views of the city - whether you're sitting in the jacuzzi, in a massage pool, or the sauna. The hotel staff are friendly, attentive, and efficient - they are perfect! Gone are they days of drab, characterless hotel rooms in Tokyo -- Hurrah!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redgoose
<Content>Mandarin Oriental-Fabulous An amazing, classy, sleek but warm hotel in a wonderful location. The service is first rate-with staff greeting you personally at every entrance, great restaurant service (and food excellent as well) and the concierges are top notch. They are ready with maps. instructions printed out in Japanese for taxi drivers, restaurants, massages, etc. The room (deluxe) was top-of-the line tech from the three shower heads, top-of the-line toilet (warm seat and self-flushing), deep bathing tub, wireless keyboard to check your mail on the 50 inch flat screen tv (oh yes-there is one by the tub as well). By your bed you can press buttons that open the shade /or drapes to display the floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the city. The hotel is on the 30-38 floor providing dramatic views. While we were there it was evident that there was a upscale, hip crowd at the bar. I chose this hotel as I was meeting my daughter who is in her 20s who worked for several travel magazines and who lives in Sydney. We loved the vibe-enough people around but never loud or crowded. Very personalized. My daughter wasn't feeling well one night and at 11 o'clock they made her oatmeal and also got in some things from the drugstore in an amazingly short time period.This place is a real class act and the service is truly impeccable!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Avid-Traveler-Fun
<Content>Fantastic Splurge! Stayed for two nights at the Mandarin Oriental, Tokyo. The room had a magnificient view of Tokyo and the staff could not have been more helpful. A few examples of the outstanding service: 1) Inquired on how to use the Tokyo subway system on the first day of our stay. A staff member actually escorted us downstairs to the subway and gave us directions on how to buy ticket and gave us a little tutorial on how to use the subway.2) Staff assisted me on how to use a Japanese phone card to call home and waited by the phone to ensure I had success. The next day she saw me in the lobby and asked again.Room was spacious and had the touches that one expects from a high end hotel (i.e. big fluffy robe, slippers, turndown service, large soaking tub, luxurious bed linens, etc.). Would definitely stay here again and is well worth the money.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Slocker
<Content>The best I have ever stayed in! I have been a travel agent for over 25 years and have been to many of the 'world's best'. I have never written a review on a website until now, that is because the Mandarin was just that good. I didn't get a discount, but decided to treat myself on the last night of my Japan vacation and stayed at the Mandarin Oriental.Simply put, it is the best hotel I have had the pleasure of staying in. From the moment you get out of the cab and are met at the lovely 1st floor lobby you are met with sincere smiling faces ready to whisk you up to the 38th floor lobby. AMAZING!My breath was taken away with the view, everyone knew my name - (walkie talkies from the first floor lobby) - and whisked me to my room in minutes. The door opened the bellperson opened the blinds and curtains via remote control, and I was in heaven. If you go, you must go for a drink in the bar - service as always exceptional, beuatiful people in a beatuiful location. As we were exhausted we ordered a light room service dinner - very very good, and not as expensive as one would think. About the same as a 4 or 5 star restaurant here in Canada. The hotel - everything, rooms, staff, decor, attitude was superlative. I wouldn't hesitate to go back - thats if I can afford it ;)Please feel free to email me with any questions.[-]  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>inviso
<Content>Amazing Hotel with immaculate Service This was our second visit to the MO Tokyo, but this is our first write up. Not that the first visit was not good - it was excellent. . But what was worth a mention this time round was the effort the staff in the MO made to locate our camera bag which we left on a domestic flight. The check in staff who helped us worked tirelessly throughout and when the bag was located, took a taxi to the airport to fetch it at around midnight. Service at its very best.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lauraelizabethg
<Content>Never stayed anywhere better               More photos  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babygenius
<Content>Wonderful experience We booked the Premier Grand Rooms, we were thinking about booking the corner room, but corner rooms can't add extra bed. We have a huge window with a very nice view of the Tokyo city. Room was nicely decorated, the room is pretty big comparing to other tokyo hotels. I love the bathroom, it was really nice. Service was wonderful too, the conceirge desk helped out a lot with the area info, book restaurants  train tkts for us. We'll def. stay at MO next time when we're at Tokyo  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shoreditch
<Content>Outstanding service  Stayed at the Mandarin Oriental with my boyfriend who was on business. Service was brilliant, very friendly and definitely the best of any previous 5 star hotels we have visited (although yet to visit the Oriental in Bangkok which I hear is very good). For my boyfriend the location was also better than either of the 2 Hyatts, as his Bank is located in the Otematchi business district. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_Hack
<Content>Fantastic View We stayed here for 3 nights on our honeymoon and were very pleased with our choice. Our room on the 34th floor had a fantastic view, especially at night, as we had chosen a corner room. Although the room wasn't particularly large (it is in Tokyo after all) it was extremely comfortable and very clean. The bathroom was very cool with all the usual Japanese toilet gadgets as well as separate wet room and bath. The hotel staff were excellent throughout, especially the concierge service who organised a tour of the palace grounds for us and some sumo wrestling tickets as well. The food was very good and the bar nice and chilled out. Top marks.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marissa97
<Content>Don't even want to leave!          another different view to the room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seatraveler6
<Content>It was just as I had fantasized   showReview(5411139, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A destination in and of itself   showReview(5362975, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most amazing hotel in the world   showReview(5223165, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MoodyR
<Content>Fantastic Luxurious Hotel - Watch language barrier       Bathroom amenities in a lacquer box  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jj_usexpat
<Content>Tokyo's Best New Hotel       MO Tokyo Grand King Room  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wai Keong
<Content>Highly recommend       MO Tokyo Grand King Room  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jpdx
<Content>Very beautiful views   showReview(4970234, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dtravelgal
<Content>You Feel Like a King!   showReview(4727986, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Black Lab Nickie
<Content>Spectacular View   showReview(4412855, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place!   showReview(4356243, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kuwami
<Content>銈儹銉炪偦銉┿償銉?銈偨銈枫偍銈ゃ儎   showReview(21366782, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tahha
<Content>銉儥銉伄楂樸亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21331600, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>masa222
<Content>銈偣銈广儭銇с亶銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(20085706, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>frenchymarrakech
<Content>un magnifique exemple de l'art du d茅tail et du service 脿 la japonaise       Chambre Vue panoramique  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blaue_Fee
<Content>Sch枚nes Luxushotel   showReview(14930108, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>freckle17
<Content>Incroyable   showReview(8373128, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PAO75
<Content>Extatique   showReview(8021018, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HouseAR
<Content>Uno dei migliori hotel del mondo!!!       bagno con vasca vista skyline tokyo  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mariner15
<Content>Luxe, volupt茅 et magie       chambre Mandarin  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

