<Author>taxidiarhs
<Content>Suite not good for three, not clean either, expected more For my money, staying in Barcelona is expensive, even for a few nights. I decided that since it was impossible to find decency at a fair price, my sister-in-law, my wife, me  our year-and-a-half son, why not stay at one of Banys Orientals suites, that, according to tripadvisor's tourist opinions and Banys internet site, seemed suitable for a couple, an extra guest and a baby, overlooking that it cost nearly 180+ euros per night with no breakfast included. We were given suite 42, at an old building near the Maria del Mar church, three minutes walk from the hotel, in the Born district. Now, there was free still  sparkling water in the fridge, there were three apples as a welcome present on the table and the main room and the bathroom were nice and modern and not small at all, as some say. The baby cot was free of charge. And every morning I walked down to the hotel to get my emails (on the first floor there were two pcs with internet connection), with no problem whatsoever.On the other hand: the suite was not very quiet (although it was located at the back, with the disappointing view of the neighbor's linen), due to the paper thick walls (typical of Barcelona but nevertheless unacceptable), and there was only one chair if you wanted to sit down. Moreover, the suites' building did not have a reception and the entrance was dark, so the women were a bit nervous each time we got in or out at night, especially after we witnessed a pickpocketing incident inside the nearby church!But actually our dismay aroused as soon as my sister-in-law found out that her room was actually the small sitting-room, her bed was the sofa and that each time we had to go to the bathroom we had to enter her room. The suite, in other words, is not really made for a third person, who, as it is, feels more like a nuisance than a guest.However things got worse towards the end, as the sheets were not changed and the floor was not sweeped for 3 (three) whole days, notwithstanding my repeated remindings to the reception that we had a baby with us who naturally spent all his time on the floor!We tend to believe that this must be a matter of the maid not doing her job right, but the rest are clearly faults of the management. Free water is nice but not essential (40 cents at supermarkets) as is the convenience of the third person, or supervision of the actual cleanness of suites.Banys could easily improve to be what is advertised. But to be, as I read, one of the top 40 mediterranean staying spots? No way, I can easily find 40 staying spots in my country alone, Greece (and I have some others in mind in Italy or France for example), far lusher and far cheaper than Banys! But, you see, they are not located in the tourist centre of Barcelona, which by the way is a stunning city. In my opininion, most Barcelona hotels (and I've stayed in others as well, in the past) would find it difficult to compete anywhere else really...  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>SofiaofStockholm
<Content>Really recommend this hotel! Great location, really nice, clean rooms for under 100 euro per night for a double room.. what more can you ask for? I recommend this hotel to everyone I know, it's such a good place to stay for a weekend in barcelona. I will be staying there later this year again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>final_destination
<Content>great bargain, but you literally get what you pay for... We stayed here at the recommendation of friends. For the price, you definitely cannot beat it, especially given that you are right in the middle of El Born, but it really is not all that (contrary to the glossy recommendation in the Phaidon Wallpaper Guide). The staff wasn't all that friendly - it was almost as if they were doing us a favor by answering our questions or helping us out - and the accomdations are just really basic. I just have a problem with two twin beds being put together and having it be called a double. Also, the black-tiled bathrooms had some sort of paper on them for effect and that was peeling on the shower floor - not exactly the most hygenic, to be honest. Worst of all, there was this blaring construction going on right outside of our window, which made siesta and sleeping in a bit of a challenge. If you just want a place to sleep, dump your stuff and shower this place is suitable, but if you want to pace yourself I would find another place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Sthlm_man
<Content>Can't Beat The Price! We were three friends that stayed in one of the suites.Starting off... the location was very nice. Five minutes from the harbour with great restaurants and sights, ten minutes from Ramblas and a couple of blocks from the Jaume I metro station. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We tried the breakfast one morning and it was a good buff茅 with lots to chose from, though I was missing a real good cafe con leche. We didn't try the restaurant for dinner, so I can't comment on that.As I said, we stayed in one of the suites. Ours was located in another building about 150 meters away. It was very spacious and stylishly decorated. Fruit and water were provided free of charge... love that! If things like room service and on hand staff are important to you, then the suites might not be what you want. But we are quite independent travellers and liked being on our own exploring the city using the room only for sleeping. And the price can't be beaten... 130 euros(+ 40 for extra bed) per night!I have been to Barcelona several times and had seen all of the major sights... so this time I did a day trip to the Montserrat monastery. It was wonderful... I highly recommend the trip!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bronygraig
<Content>Great Location and very nice Stayed here in Jan 08. Very nice hotel, quite central  near the underground. Very easy to stroll around from the hotel to everywhere. Stayed for 3 nights, again very comfortable and clean. Modern style, black  white theme, done to price not to a specification. This hotel was very reasonable for a city centre hotel and the staff were efficient and courteous. I would recommend it to anyone for the price.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lienheuvel
<Content>great hotel nice staff I have stayed there for 3 nightsOur Stay was very pleasantThe staff was very friendly including roomcleaningladies and technical staff.The ambiance was very relaxed en warm.The street was very cosie and authentic old .Nice shops and restaurants and a nice church end of the street, sundayevening mas open for everyone!!!Go there!!!10 minutes walk to beach and ramblas !!!!Nice beach barceloneta !About the hotel again,Very helpful receptionist ,and extreemly friendly.Nice rooms and spotless.And FREE COOL WATER at the corridor in fridge for guests .box with shampoo brush soap toothbrush toothpaste lotion slippers ect ect....Nice plasma tv with good channels .I woud go there again for sure !!!!!!Nothing negative about this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Bearfoot
<Content>Mediochre I had high expectations of this after finding it in Style Europe. But to be honest was very average. The reception staff didn't exactly start off very well. When I arrived I had to leave my car badly parked and I asked the man at reception if someone could take my bag to my room while I parked my car. He told me I could take it myself! The room was OK , not very inspiring but adequate. The following morning I had to leave the hotel at 815 to catch my flight and was informed breakfast doesn't start till 8.30 which I thought was late for a saturday. Not even a cup of tea was available. I wouldn't rush back.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>MelFinch
<Content>Lovely stay We've just got back from the Banys Orientals, having booked following reviews we had read on this site. We booked direct by e-mail, and they were very efficient and answered questions promptly in English. We felt that the room price was excellent value.We caught the bus to Barcelona from Girona Airport with no trouble, and because it was very hot when we arrived at the bus station we decided against carrying luggage up and down stairs on the metro and caught a taxi instead - 15 minutes in heavy traffic, 鈧?, not bad, and a friendly lady driver who dropped us off at the corner. We travelled around the city by metro on one day, using a ten journey ticket between the two of us, and found it easy, and the rest of the time we walked slowly because of the heat, and with a prolonged lunch somewhere, and a siesta back at the cool hotel that worked fine.Our second floor room was very stylish, especially the bathroom, but it was quite tight to get around the bed, and there was a huge wardrobe but no drawer space or hooks to keep things tidy. However, who cares, for three days? The wardrobe safe, air conditioning and free iced water and internet were all very much appreciated, and the bed was wonderful. We looked out at the back of the hotel on to a quiet area. The staff in reception were unfailingly helpful and courteous, those in the restaurant were less smiley, but did the necessary. We were using both English and Spanish and felt that their knowledge of both might have been less confident than the reception staff.We ate one dinner and all our breakfasts in the hotel, and they were all delicious and very good value, especially the breakfasts if you can eat lots from a buffet in the morning, easy to fill up and then you don't need much later. If you don't want to eat much for breakfast, it's probably cheaper to go elsewhere, like right next door to the hotel. We also had some lovely lunches and dinners in the bars and restaurants round the city, and can recommend the Taller de Tapas and the Taberna del Cobre in the same street as the hotel.We didn't know Barcelona, and three days was a good introduction, one for the historic central part, one for the port and beach area, and one for the Gaud铆 trail. Try the chocolate museum not far from the hotel! With ordinary city street awareness and common sense about what to carry when and where, we felt quite safe everywhere at all times. We shall go back for the rest of the sights at a slightly cooler time of year!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Toby-Jean
<Content>Noice. Just lovely. In a great part of town - the thing is in Barcelona, I don't think you want to be TOO central- Las Ramblas is hideous. However, this old town bit, quite near the beach and public transport is delightful.Nice, small, chic rooms. **Awesome** restaurant downstairs, lots of fun. Good staff, nothing bothered me about it at all.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Smuki79
<Content>Great value for money We stayed at this hotel in July 2008. Contrary to some reviews I've read here our standard double room was not small. Granted the bed was enormous, but I found that rather charming. The hotel was very clean and modern and the service was great. I didn't quite like the black! shower, but I guess that's just a matter of taste. We had a room overlooking a quiet side street and we had no trouble with traffic or noise. Guests had free access to two computers on the second floor and there was complimentary water bottles for guests on every floor, very nice in the heat of July. The location of this hotel is superb. A short walk from La Ramblas, one metro stop from Barceloneta(the metro station right outside the hotel) and a number of charming botiques on every corner. But my number one selling argument would be the price. 99 euros a night. Trust me, that's a reasonable price for a hotel like this.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>kirbyz20
<Content>Great location, great price We stayed at Banys for 5 days and just loved it. The staff are very friendly and speak English well. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the bathrooms were chic. They also provide water bottles which was great for all the walking in town during our stay. The location really was wonderful- right in the old section of Barcelona. There are great restaurants nearby. I've heard the restaurant in the hotel is really great too- we just had too many choices! I would love to come back!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clear898
<Content>Outstanding Value Stayed at hotel for three nights in June 2008. The hotel offered outstanding value for money and was in the ideal location close to great restaurants and bars. The decor is quite chic and the free internet and water was a nice bonus. Plus, it is a short walk from the waterfront and only a couple minutes from the subway.We ate at the Senyor Paradella in the hotel, which was excellent also and had a great deal of charm. I would definately recommend this hotel, without hesitating. Ensure you book well in advance though, as we booked four three months prior and still didn't get all the dates we had hoped.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janehudson
<Content>nice hotel but one rotten apple on the staff Banys is a good choice for so many things--location, price, cleanliness, etc. The rooms are spare but stylish and comfortable. Another nice touch is that they supply free bottled water and fruit. There is no need to pay extra for the breakfast. There are cafes on either side of the hotel where you can get a good breakfast for a fraction of the price. We were a party of seven, with four rooms. After one night we decided to switch rooms--my aunt and uncle were going to move into our room and my husband and I were moving to a different room. This was okayed by the front desk. Someone told us the room number we'd be moving to and that we could move our luggage there. It was still being cleaned, but the maid let us bring the luggage in. My aunt and uncle brought their luggage to our old room. While my husband was down the street somewhere, I was waiting in the hall for the room to be ready, which was just supposed to take a couple more minutes. Then I heard angry footsteps approaching from the elevator. It was another guy from the front desk who was in a fury because we had already put our luggage in the room. He yelled at me in Spanish and broken English (including the word stupido) and then stormed off to shout at my aunt, who was waiting in the lobby. He was angry because we had moved our luggage into the rooms before they were ready. My husband, who is fluent in Spanish, talked to him afterward and told him he had overreacted and that he shouldn't have yelled at us, that we had been told we could move the luggage. He gave my husband a grudging, ungracious apology. A couple of days later my uncle observed him yelling at another hotel guest in the lobby. We all wondered why this person chose a career in the customer service industry.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	2	1	3	

<Author>medina23
<Content>Banys was almost perfect! Banys Orientals was a chic, clean, and perfectly situated. A great value for a very good hotel.Hotel: Clean, simple and chic, nice little LCD tv in the room, great balcony views of the street action. The staff was friendly, the art in the room was nice, the bed was comfortable and the air conditioning unit in the room was fairly good but might be a concern if it would have been hot. Bathroom was nice enough, but didn't have very good water pressure in the shower to really make showering very enjoyable. We thought it was a good balance of modern and comfortable. Location: Right on Calle Argenteria which runs right through the La Ribera district (also known as the Born district). There was a lot of action right in front of and around the hotel. At the same time, it wasn't very noisy at all. The Born district is so full of life, and art/fashion is what this area is about. Plus some great restaurants, pastelerias, and shops within a few steps of the hotel.Additional Benefits: Free water bottles in the mini refrigerator on each floor. Two computers with free internet access.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Susan19
<Content>Loved the price, loved the location We stayed in a suite at Bany's for four nights in June. The suite was huge, very clean and well decorated. Bathroom was well appointed, large shower with great water pressure. Only complaint was the suite was not well lit, lot's of lights but still couldn't see. Definitly would stay there again, loved the price, loved the location.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>dbc1717
<Content>Excellent Value Excellent Location This is a nice small hotel with one of the best locations in Barcelona. You can literally throw a ball from the hotel and hit the metro station and the Borne area is very nice and full of lively bars and restaurants. The hotel itself is nice and clean. The service is very simple. Do not expect much. I would suggest bringing earplugs because the walls are thin and it's very noisy outside. The hotel is often full and hard to book but it's worth trying because the price is excellent. The restaurant next store called Senyor Parrellada is really good...fresh, good tasting, resonably priced food in a nice atmoshphere...can't ask for more in a restaurant!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>cristina30
<Content>FANTASTIC location!!       detail  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sigold
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My wife and I spent 4 nights the end of March. We stayed in one of the suites. The suite was very large and quiet. We enjoyed the space and the free water provided by the hotel in our refrigerator.The location could not have been better. We could walk everywhere. The hotel staff was extremely helpful. They could not do enough for us. The hotel even provided 2 computers for free internet service. The restaurant in the hotel was excellent and not pricey. We did not eat breakfast in the hotel since there were many options nearby.We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>CAKNashville
<Content>Beware We chose this hotel for its excellent location. The location was indeed great, but the street noises that continued throughout the night was a big negative. The staff was quite inattentive when I tried to communicate by email prior to our stay. Finally, several items of value that were inside luggage (not in the room safe) were stolen. The management was totally NOT helpful. I got the impression that this in not unusual in Barcelona. Beware!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hard_travelin_too
<Content>Good hotel - but watch your wallet This hotel has character and is in an excellent location. The restaurant is very good - reasonable prices, huge menu, very popular. Only blip in our stay was having one 50 euro note lifted from my wallet and one 20 Euro note lifted from my wife's purse while we were at breakfast and the room was being cleaned. Obviously we shouldn't have left the money in the room, but my issue was with the attitude of the hotel who rather than express any concern simply refused to accept that it could possibly have been their cleaner and must have been an opportunist thief come in from the street. Quite a strange thief - goes up to the third floor of a small hotel, sneaks into a small room without the cleaner in the room seeing him and then takes one note from each of two purses/wallets, leaving loads of other notes behind and returning the purse and wallet to the pockets of clothes in the room. The hotel (and cleaner) were no doubt banking (correctly) that we wouldn't bother wasting half a day of a two day trip to Barcelona at the police station!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SineadO
<Content>Lovely hotel, great value and location Stayed here for 3 nights just before Christmas, loved the central location on a pedestrianised street in El Born with lots of tapas and bars nearby, also 1minute from Metro Jaume. Rooms are a little small but partly due to massive four-poster bed which was so comfy we slept 12 hours on first night. Good bathroom with walk-in shower and separate toilet. Also tucked in to buffet breakfast, standard fare but good value for 10 euro. Best hotel I've stayed at in Barcelona - 98 euro for a double,a bargain too  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>B&PTynemouth
<Content>tremendous location       Boqueria Market  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>bubbafranks
<Content>Great hotel! This hotel is the absolute best location in Barcelona!! It made our trip because of where we were. We could walk to everything--there were great restaurants around, great tapas bars, a beautiful old cathedral, and nightclubs. We did have to change rooms after the first night though because of the noise. We could literally hear the couple next door have all of their conversations. You can also hear everyone walking around the hallways. But, if you can get a room where you just hear the people walking by and not your neighbor, you'll have a great experience. The bathrooms were modern and clean. Definitely recommended!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>BKfromMoseley
<Content>Great position, lovely hotel A group of nine stayed at the Banys Oriental for a four night stay. Our journey couldn't have begun more badly! A five hour flight delay meant that we eventually arrived at the hotel at 3am. This is where it began to go well. We were greeted by a very welcoming young man, who booked us all in with great charm and a warm welcome for such a late hour.The rooms are individually designed to fit the space available in an oldish building. This said they are very smart, with all the features that you could wish. Not large, but big enough for a stay of our length. The shower in our room was spectacular!Breakfast is an extra but well worth it. A huge array of cold meats, boiled eggs, spanish omelette, cereals and enough pastries to keep you going all day.The attached restaurant serves Catalan food to a high standard but you will need to book - we got in our our last night.If we go back to Barcelona, and I do hope we will, we will definitely stay at the Banys Oriental.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>RossieDublin
<Content>Fab Hotel, Fab Staff, Fab Location Excellent place, great staff, good food, good location - complimentary water excellent touch....................will definately be back!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Boo31
<Content>Absolute GEM This hotel was recommended to me- and i can not recommend it more highly to you! It is an amazing city, and this is an absolute gem of a hotel- we actually stayed at the adjoining apartments. Only 鈧?25 per night!! Gorgeous, clean, complimentary fruit/water in your own fridge!! Small mezzanine floor with small sofa/ bed- just cool for a chill out! Two small balconys- only enough room to stand out on- with amazing, if a bit restricted, views. Bed is two twins alongside, encased in a four poster frame. Very comfy- didn't mind the twins at all. BAthrooms were kitted out better than some 5 stars I've stayed in! Complimentary everything.We lost our lauggage, and the hotel even supplied a toothbrush- and they didn't know- it is a complimentary service, And a great touch.Absolutely central, and absolutely chic.Gorgeous Tapas Bar downstairs- reasonable and friendly.Fav roaming places were Gothis quarter and the Plaza Real- just around the corner- towards Las Ramblas.There's a wee street at the top of L'Argentaria, if you turn right and walk 200 metres (if even) there's a lovely little supermarket for water or wine!!I had emailed the staff in advance, and always got a prompt and friendly reply, no matter what the request. Absolute pleasure to stay here- could only be bettered if they were to introduce pool/ sauna etc...Go- and you will love it!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kfio
<Content>Perfect! An awesome find! Our friends stayed here in 2005 and recommended the hotel to us for our trip - we couldn't have been happier. The rooms were clean and full of nice touches (I loved the bath slippers!) and the hotel provided free water (with or without gas) in the upstairs hall as well as free internet at two computers. It was so nice to be able to quickly research sites around the city or keep in touch with home. We didn't try the hotel restaurant but every night there were lines out the door of folks waiting to be seated. Also, the location is great - close to the Musee Picasso and steps away from the metro. Las Ramblas is within walking distance as is the Cathedral and Placa Reial....and, the only reason I'm not giving this a 5-rating is because some of the rooms are right on the street and it can get a bit noisy at night - it bothered my husband but didn't affect me at all. If that worries you then just ask for a room in the back!Other best bets in Barcelona: We ate at the tapas restaurant a couple of doors down for lunch, Taller de Tapas (tallerdetapas.com/), which was great! The tapas were reasonably priced and all were delicious. The highlight for dinner was Les Quinze Nits (lesquinzenits.com/) within walking distance at Placa Reial. Get there at 8 or before to wait in line, and don't be stressed if you get there and the line is really long. The restaurant opens at 8:30 so everyone is seated in order and the restaurant is much bigger than it appears so pretty much every one was seated without a problem. The meals are so reasonably priced it is almost unbelieveable - between the terrace seating and delicious food this might be the best deal in the city.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hopejoy
<Content>Smack dab in the Middle of Everything! I found Bany's to be a contemporary hotel in a great area. Close to Las Ramblas, the Picasso museum and several very interesting Barcelona icons. It may not be the place for travelers who like a lot of peace and quite but if you're looking to enjoy the city and be in walking distance of most things, then it's the place for you! We booked several suites along with doubles. The locations of the suites are a good little ways from the main facility but were safe and comfortable. We'll return here again and encourage others to do the same. It's a great deal for the $$$$$. The staff was helpful.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>j4innc
<Content>For the money...this is a great little hotel The Banys Oriental Hotel was, for central Barcelona, very reasonably priced. For this price range, I thought the hotel was wonderful. The location is great - within walking distance of the Cathedral, the Santa Maria del Mar, the harbor, the Ramblas, and great shopping. Metro and bus are also close by. I would note that the street noise can be a bit loud at night (particularly since locals keep later hours than the average Brit, American or German). This did not bother me at all, but I can see that if you were a light sleeper, you might find the level of activity at 1 a.m. to be bothersome. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The restaurant next door had good food and I would recommend making a reservation for dinner there. The breakfast was expensive (10 Euro per day), but the variety of items was excellent. We only had breakfast in the hotel twice and of course, it was a European breakfast ( a lot of different rolls, breads, croissants), cheeses, meats, cereals, soft boiled eggs, and fruit. There were a lot of options and the quality was good. If you just want coffee and a croissant or a panini, I would recommend skipping the hotel breakfast and heading out to a local cafe (considerably less expensive).The hotel also has computers that you can use on the second floor to check your e-mail or surf the Web. This is free of charge and I found it to be a nice service in terms of checking in with home.The rooms themselves are very nice ...contemporary design and very clean. The hotel provides slippers, shampoo, bath gel, lotion, a hairbrush, comb, sponge, toothbrush, showercap, etc. to guests. This was a nice perk. For this class of hotel, I really only expected soap and perhaps shampoo, so I was pleasantly surprised at all the other toiletries. The bathroom was also nice, if small. The only thing that I really didn't like about the room was that the bathroom had no ventilation...fan or otherwise. As a result, there was always a lingering mildew smell in the bathroom. Finally, the hotel provided a refrigerator full of bottled water, available to guests on the floor. I thought this was a very nice amenity, given that restaurants and shops will charge you 1 or 2 Euros for the same bottle of water.In short, if you want to be in the center of the action and you want good value for your money, this hotel comes highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>DrEthan725
<Content>This Should Have Been So Much Beter... Having never been to Barcelona before, I have no basis of comparison to other properties in Barcelona. That said, the location was perfect. In the heart of EVERYTHING, and we could be just about anywhere we wanted within a short 5-10 minute walk. To have that kind of central location without all of the crazy noise, was a plus.The hotel was reasonably priced.The rooms were really not well designed. They had nice furniture, linens and such, but they were not well laid-out. For example, we were in a King-Bed room. The Four-Poster Bed took up over 95% of the room. We literally spent our time negotiaing the 1 meter perimeter of the room AROUND the bed. The closet was unacceptably small and there was no chest of drawers so we were living out of our suitcases. Also, there was no room for the suitcases, so we piled them up around the bed, making it even harder to move around. The bathroom was nice and clean, but there was no ventilation and it had a musty smell.Frankly, for a boutique hotel in Europe, I was hoping for something a bit more elegant and with the basics- room to put our suitcases, hang up clothes, and a room which could be navigated without having to step over and around (or side-step) the furniture.Very disappointing experience.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>noidentity
<Content>Fantasticly priced boutique hotel Was recommended this hotel by a friend who lives in Barcelona, and what a find... GREAT location, right in the heart of the gothic quarter, very close to Barcelonetta and the port, and so easy to walk to the main shopping street and ramblas... nice decor in the hotel, rooms a little small (although we did have a cot in the room so next time i would book a suite) and although i was a little disappointed there was no bath for my toddler, she really enjoyed the 'wet room' shower. the free water and apples in the coIridoors were a really nice touch - staff were very friendly and welcomed our toddler with open arms. All in all, a great experience, great value for money and fab location - would recommend it to anyone after a boutique style hotel, travelling with children, wanting to be in the best area of town - for a great price!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lydiegeen
<Content>Definitely going back! I and my daughter (14) have just returned home to Toronto after 4 nights at the Banys Orientals. We'd read the reviews on Trip Advisor and decided to stay in a suite for the extra space and to avoid the street noise. We paid 129 Euros a night with no additional taxes. The main hotel and reception are located on a pedestrian street so the the taxi driver was unable to drive us to the door of the hotel. He hustled us and our extensive luggage out of the car at the top of the street. In the end it was only a 1-minute walk to the hotel but it was disconcerting at the time.The reception staff are friendly, efficient and English speaking. It is a 3 to 5 minute walk to the suites which are also located on a residential street. The location is excellent for 3 reasons. First we loved feeling part of local life - our suite had 3 of those skinny balconies where we could look out onto street life and into the apartments opposite. Second it only took us a minute to reach the square at the front of the imposing Santa Maria church where we could enjoy a perfect breakfast of fresh squeezed oj, croissants and cafe con leche at the oh-so-hip Bubo bar, or a great tapas dinner at Taller de Tapas ; or the very best gelati at Artisan (?). Third we could walk to many places including La Rambla for shopping or to Barceloneta to eat on the seafront. The building in which the suites are located is a total and modern reno. Our suite was very stylish, spacious and immacuately clean. When the doors to the balcony were closed, I don't recall hearing any noise at all. The mini fridge was restocked daily with multiple bottles of water (with and without gas). The only drawback was the phone service - friends found it very difficult to get through to our suite and, if they did, they could barely hear our voices. Oh yes, and like many hotels these days, it had one of those annoying hairdryers where you have to keep holding down the ON button the whole time you dry your hair. Reception provided a cable to connect to the Internet and the connection worked well. Both I and my daughter will definitely want to stay at this hotel when we next visit Barcelona - we won't even bother considering any others.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	2	

<Author>jaylo04
<Content>simplistic loveliness, perfect honeymoon retreat This little gem of a hotel in the heart of the the gothic area in Barcelona was a wonderfull choice for our honeymoon. Having never been to Barcelona before, we found it to be perfectly located for many of the main 'attractions' which meant other than a taxi to Parc Guell we walked everywhere.We stayed in a lovely suite, which when booking we were given the impression were around the corner, are actually about 3 mins walk away on a quiet non commercial street, in a building shared with other apartments/suites. Having said that it meant it was extrodinarily quiet for mid city and we felt a little more independent. It was cleaned daily though, including fresh towels  linen, and was very spacious, fab slate tiled bathroom!The buffet breakfast was great, but a bit pricey at 10 euors a head when there is a fab little pastry shop 3 doors up from the main hotel where you can both eat for 7! There are also some wonderful tapas bars on your doorstep, not to mention ice cream shops!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Chainring
<Content>Great! Great location, great price, friendly staff. Barcelona is full of hotels; most are hideously overpriced. The Banys Orientals is a welcome exception to the rule. While not inexpensive, at least you get a sparkling clean room in a wonderful, quiet location. I can't recommend it enough.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bostontravelbugs
<Content>Best value in town! This place is a gem. This is the first time I ever bothered to write a review for anything. The hotel is conveniently located across the main street from the Barri Gotic area in a lively side street and close to many other attractions in town. Some reviews complained about the noise level, so we requested for a quieter room in the back and didn't have a problem at all. The Euro went far for this hotel in that the decor in the room is nice, modern, clean and reasonably sized. The hotel also provided free bottled water and fruits. There's also a really tasty tapas bar just down the street called Sagardi. The staff was friendly and helpful. We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and would definitely stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>cjsummers78
<Content>Great location and price! We stayed at the Hotel Banys on our honeymoon. It was our first visit to Barcelona, and we found the location to be exactly what we wanted! The staff was helpful in recommending dining options and the free bottled water was a nice perk. Rooms were good size and very clean. We would absolutely stay here on another visit to the city.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Colonies
<Content>Well worth it! Stayed in one of their suites for four nights. A great location in Barcelona, very reasonable price, and helpful staff.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>wayne&Lydia
<Content>Very nice Before booking this hotel, My partner and I and another couple we went with looked at a number of hotels within this price range. All were very basic and below basic from what we could see from photos on websites and so on. All really quite bland until we were reccommended the Hotel Banys Oriental. Really glad we were as its a really really nice hotel particularly when compared to the other hotels we had seen, for the same price!!They had sold out of the normal rooms so we went for Suites.They were really good in size and you could tell that the whole hotel had pretty much been newly renovated. Really nice modern quality mixed with a bit of character. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. Free water in the fridge.Brilliantly located Hotel. Close to everything. Lots of little boutique shops for trendy mens and womens clothing. Some lovely restaurents and bars also nearby. The metro just at the end of the street.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>IOWtravelbabes
<Content>Super Location What a location - less than a minute's walk from the Jaume I metro, right in the heart of the Born and surrounded by bars and restaurants - perfect!We were expecting a slightly small room, from previous reviews and this is the case, but to be fair, at 98 Euros per night, you can live with it! The bathroom, whilst stylish was in need of some renovation, with quite significant water damage around the bath - again, you get what you pay for.We loved Barcelona and in particular this area and would definitely return - so many great bars and restaurants, right on your doorstep and all very reasonable. We stayed for 4 nights and would gladly have stayed for longer - you need the time to visit all the amazing sites and architecture.We flew to Girona, where we stayed for 2 nights, then got the train to Barcelona. On our return we got the Bus from Barcelona back to Girona Airport - all incredibly easy and convenient and cheap.A nice touch at the hotel is free mineral water on each of the floors, together with free internet access - quite a plus when considering how reasonable the room rates are.On the downside, there is some street noise outside, mainly commercial bin/bottle collections, although this was only bad on one night.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DMcC27b
<Content>Great Rooms, Great Location I had checked various websites including tripadvisor before booking this hotel for a long weekend with my wife and another couple. However closer to our departure I got a bit nervous as some of the reviews were not favourable but I decided to stick with our original (and very cheap) booking. I need not have worried. The location (in El Born) is fantastic with so many shops, restaurants and cafes nearby in little sidestreets and squares. The hotel reception is little more than a desk and anyone who wants a grand lobby, bar or even a great buzz from the hotel will be disappointed. However all of these things are provided by the area in spades so the lack of facilities were made up by the rooms. We had booked suites which were a few hundred yards away off the Placa Santa Maria which again had plenty of life both day and night. The rooms were very spacious and well-kept. The decor was modern and minimal without being sparse. They are like small apartments with a shared communal entrance but at @ 拢90 per night they were a bargain. I would have no hesutation staying there again and although some reviews said staff could be surly they booked a restaurant and taxis for us with no difficulty and were very courteous. If you spend a lot of time around your hotel go somewhere else but if you enjoy a little bit of luxury at a knockdown price book it now.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>hopeless
<Content>rip-off banys surly staff, smelly room, noisy, and conned us with the exchange rate and wouldn't respond to my requests for an explanation. Don't go.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>danielswiss64
<Content>Nice for the money, but a little noisy! It's a nice and modern hotel. We stayed for four nights. We stayed in the suites which is in a separate building about 5 minutes away from the main location. It gives you a feeling of having your own apartment in Barcelona. Our suite was huge and very classy, cool, and modern. It's surrounded by tine old streets and so you can hear whatever goes on. We stayed on the first floor. This is the metalsmithing area so you can hear some of that. Also, when people talk in the streets, you may be able to hear it. The room was beautiful and airy. TV only had Spanish local channels. Bathroom had a huge shower, but some of the fixtures were coming out of the wall (soap dish).  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>DJR8500
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel My two children and I spent five nights at the Hotel Banys Orientals during the Christmas holidays. The location is fabulous. Easy public transit and, for the most part, not a far walk from any of the major attractions. We has a suite. So, we were about a five minute walk from the hotel. The suite easily accomodated the three of us. Clean, comfortable... perhaps a bit better with the lighting. The hotel staff was helpful; we dined in their restaurant which was fine. There were many excellent choices for dinner within a five minute (max) walk. We had a great time in Barcelona and were very happy with the hotel experience. DJREvanston, IL  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JamieW
<Content>Great location Great location in busy area with lots of bars, great restaurants and shops. We booked a suite and therefore were located in the annexe ....a few hundred yards down the street from the main hotel and up a dark quiet street. Perhaps not the best location if you're a lone female traveller. Main hotel would have been nicer for the buzz. Hotel restaurant was lovely though and great value.Suite was large but a bit worn around the ages and would be easy enough to fix. The lift would only take one passenger at a time, bathroom full of scuff marks which a quick lick of paint would easily sort. No English TV apparently if that's a concern to you.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>dimple_pie
<Content>Internal Noise A Problem + PointsLocation in El BornComplimentary Bottled Water + fruit on each floorReasonable size room and liked the walk in showerRestaurant next door offers decent food at a decent prize. Warning very busy !- PointsInternal nosie from stairs, lift, next door - the walls must be thin could hear next door showering. Also street noise, although we were at the side not overlooking the main street, windows are not soundproofed.Staff were ok by and large - not as bad as feared.For the price offers ok value in comparison with similar boutique hotels we have stayed in in Barcelona (Balmes, Granados, Actual). Would stay again but probably not for light sleepers !  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>richeyint
<Content>Do not reccomend this hotel We stayed in 5 rooms for a week end early this month.I do not recommend it to others. Good: Location The appealing design and decor One nice receptionist and nice housekeeping staffNice touch having free water and fruit on the floors.Bad: You can hear everything from the room next door (I mean everything, even coughing)No lobby area where you can wait for your friends.The housekeepers do help themselves from the buffets in the restaurant. I think they could have the same items but from the kitchen.Staff in breakfast talk between them as if they were in the back offices of the hotel. (very impolite)Front desk staff not warm at all.Will never come back.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Holsan
<Content>Extreme vigilence required A friend and I stayed in an 'apartment' in the Hotel Banys Orientals for three nights. The room looked very stylish but the large space had been badly designed giving us a tiny shower room that leaked but a large extra space with a sofa but no TV, sound system or anything else that would encourage one to use it. There were no windows to the outside, only into the stair-well which made it very claustrophobic. The lighting was atmospheric, but consequently we couldnt see anything properly.More importantly, it is not a safe place to stay. The apartments, of which there are possibly five, are in a different building to the main hotel, with two metal doors you have to unlock each time you go in and out to the street. On our return on our last night, at about midnight, we were trying to unlock the doors when this very tall North African man tried to get in with us, implying that he was staying there too. When my friend questioned this he grabbed her bag, breaking the strap as she was wearing it slung across her body, and ran off with it.If the doors had closed behind the three off us things could have been a whole lot worse, as the lighting was so poor and there was no one else in sight in this large stairwell.We went back to reception where the concierge called the police. We spent til 3 a.m in the police station, where they were very unsympathic and unhelpful. When we returned we insisted that the concierge walk us back to our room. The next day I spoke to the manager who was unhelpful to the point of rudeness and seemed completely unconcerned that this had happened in his hotel. We left Barcelona feeling very shaken and disappointed at the bad attitude, consequently we would not recommend this hotel unless you were a self-defense expert.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>haims
<Content>I do not reccommend this place!! I spent about 5 nights at Banys Orientals with my boyfriend this past November, 2006, and would not recommend it to others. Despite the great location of this hotel, and the appealing design and decor, we found the staff to be inhospitalble, unhelpful, and at times, rude. We also ate at their restuarant next door, which was the worst meal we had during our entire 8 days in Spain. By the end of our stay, my boyfriend and I had determined that Banys Orientals is badly managed, and while staff blend in with the sex appeal and design sense of the hotel, they lack the warmth and hospitality most of us seek when travelling abroad and exploring a new city. Stay in this neighborhood, but find another hotel!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pauli_NL
<Content>price - quality - service = excellent! I have stayed at this fantastic small hotel several times, by myself, with clients in form of a small group and with friends. Whichever the purpose of my stay, staff has always been helpful and flexible with any kind of demands. They have at all times been going out of their way to ensure great service to my clients.Placing the reservation may need a little patience. But once you're set, you'll be set.Location of the hotel is top. It's located in the center of the most hip area of Barcelona. Surrounded by great tapas bars, hip stores (not the standard shops you find in every city), main attractions are in walking distance, metro station is only a second's walk from the hotel.Breakfast is extensive and very good.The rooms are big enough to enjoy your stay. Bathrooms are large (in comparison to other city hotels in Europe). Amenities are great. Internet cxn incl. Complementary bottled water in a fridge on each floor.It's a little hideaway in the middle of the city.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>eJono
<Content>Fantastic Banys Frankly, if you're sat there reading this review you're wasting time that could be much better spent booking this great little hotel.We had a 2 night stay in one of the suites (all the normal rooms were gone). The booking service was good, and email confirmation was sent within minutes. On arrival, our bags were carried up to the suite by a very nice bloke and we were left alone in a beautifully cool and spacious room, complete with mezzanine, enormous bed, fridge stacked with complimentary water and balcony overlooking some of Barcelona's best bits.The windows shut tight to block out all but the noisiest of party-ers while blackout curtains ensure an undisturbed night's sleep, meaning your stay is as peaceful and relaxing as it is comfortable.What's so amazing about this place, however, are the prices. Our suite was 125 Euros (about 拢90) per night for two people, which was amazing considering what you get, and the standard rooms are much cheaper. We'll be back again, and reserve a little earlier to make sure we get in.Seriously, stop reading and book it.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>gill81
<Content>great hotel We loved staying at Hotel Banys Oriental. You could not fault the location, the staff were friendly, the room was lovely, you could help yourself to as much free water and apples as you wanted...(!), the shower was great (we now want one like it in our house!), the room was not massive, but v nicely decorated, big beds, tv, aircon etc. We had a room overlooking the main street which was great for seeing what was going on and soaking up the atmosphere, but close the doors onto the juliet balcony and it was silent. we did not eat breakfast so could not comment on that, but we did eat dinner at the accompanying restaurant which we had actually seen in our guidebook and wanted to eat at before we got to barcelona, without realising it was attached to our hotel! It was very nice. The price is v good for what you get. Am definitely going to stay next time we are in Barcelona, and even thinking of sending my parents there!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mcglashams
<Content>Ideal location, lovely hotel. We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. It was in a perfect location right in the middle of the old town and a fifteen minute walk from Las Ramblas. The hotel itself is clean, attractive and is highly recommended by us. We did not eat there as there are so many good restaurants round about. The food market in Las Ramblas has an abundance of fresh fruits etc so this was a good place to sit and eat breakfast amongst the locals. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again, the only thing I would advise is to confirm your bookings before arrival as there was a discrepancy with ours.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edstraker123
<Content>No problems at all !!       Suite A1  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cottonstones
<Content>Not What We Expected My husband and I stayed for 3 nights at The Banys Oriental Hotel for a long weekend in Barcelona. We selected the hotel based on location and price.We stayed in one of the suites which were located in another building a couple of minutes walk away.The entrance/lobby to this building was drab and dark with a tiny lift serving the suites. The staircase was like a fire escape and the layout complicated. It was very unwelcoming.The suite was a decent size and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom looked good but using the facilities was tricky. The shower leaked all over the floor and the glass door leading to the toilet was heavy and difficult to open.We ate breakfast in the hotel on the first morning which was dreadful. The buffet selection was poor and there were cleaning products left by the cleaner stacked in a corner smelling of bleach. The Taller de Tapas on the same street serves an excellent breakfast so we ate there instead.Overall the hotel was reasonable value for money but we would not return.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mark91604
<Content>Mixed Feelings I have very mixed feelings about Hotel Banys Orientals. Pros: Forget the Ramblas, the hotel is in the best part of Barcelona, El Born. More restaurants, wine bars and medieval ambience than one could shake a leg of ham at. The adjoining restaurant was one of our favorites (we eat there twice). The free water was nice and often needed. Cool suites with modern look and the price was right.Cons: The sleek modern look was better viewed from the Internet than in person. For example, instead of removing the old decor, i.e., sinks, cabinets, etc. the hotel simply installed false walls to cover it up; a bit strange. This leads to the biggest con, because of limited space do to the false walls, they only installed a 10-gallon hot water heater. It lasted exactly 9 minutes; we timed it, and took 4 hours to reheat. We either showered together (very small shower) or, one at night and one in the mourning. The suite had a large two-story window that looked out at the staircase, not much of a view. Noise wasn鈥檛 much of an issue but in the busy season I could see how it would be. The staff is young and not very helpful or knowledgeable.Things to be aware of: There are two different suite buildings, one building is right next to the main hotel and the other is 300 yards away, down a small dark alley. After complaining about the limited hot water, the hotel offered to move us to one of the suites down the street, which has newer hot water systems. We got an uneasy feeling about the location and declined. So uneasy, in fact, we would rather take 4-minute shows than stay there. As for the standard rooms located in the main building, they seemed fine but small. However, be aware many rooms and even entire floors were unfinished. Guests had to climb over paint cans and other debris to get to there rooms.Like my title, I have mixed feelings, it鈥檚 not a hotel for everyone, certainly not travels how require attentive staff and hassle free rooms. If this hotel was located anywhere else I would give it 1 star but location, location, location鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit of a let down The hotel Banys Orientals is a very nice, modern hotel in an old building in the Gotica in Barcelona. The rooms are clean although the four-poster effect bed frame seemed to take up a lot of room. The restaurant adjoining the hotel is also very good, as is the breakfast supplied as an extra. Unfortunately the staff of the restaurant were very noisy at night time when they were clearing up, and were tipping bottles into skips and rolling them around for what seemed like hours, and calling to each other. Thie noise carried up to the rooms. I know I still heard them at 1.30am. Also the reception staff were not very friendly. In fact when we paid on check-out we were 'switched off' when some new visitors arrived. Our receipt was handed to us without a word as he greeted the new arrivals.To sum up - style over substance.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Bany's Orientals Just returned from a fantastic 2 night stay at hotel Bany's Orientals- we were a largegroup of 25 on my hen party weekend and had a mixture of twin rooms and suites. All were modern in style and clean and the free water was a great bonus!I was worried the suites would be too far away from the main hotel building but this is not the case- they are literally a stones throw away from the front entrance.Breakfast is continental and really nice.Location- great, close to harbour, cathedral, shops, bars and restaurants.I would definitely stay here again- next time with my hubby! Barcelona is GORGEOUS!!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awful This was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. The hotel is quite nice looking and the rooms are quite nice - as long as your not put in a single room under the staircase. The receptionists were far more interested in their own appearance than helping with any problems we may have had. Barcelona is a great city but this hotel ruined our trip and New Year... stay away!!Oh the food in the restaurant is great... but unfortunately the restaurant has very little to do with the hotel.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Banys orientals -so good I went back for a second visit! Stayed at the Banys Orientals in July 2005 with a hen party. Enjoyed 2 nights there. Location excellent. Clean comfortable rooms with ultra modern decor. Nice large walk in shower. Free chilled bottled water was a godsend with a huge fridge on each landing full of the stuff. Located in the heart of the bario gothic near the cathedral. Very central for sightseeing. Liked it so much went back again in Sept. 2005 with partner. Good value hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! Just returned from Hotel Banys Orientals after a 2 night stay for my hen weekend. We stayed in the suites which are about 5 minutes from the main hotel, they are fantastic! We booked 3 suites for 8 of us, all 3 suites were slightly different but all equally as nice. The main bedroom was huge with a big 4-poster style bed with 2 single matresses, there was also a tv, desk and fridge in the room. We also had a room with a single bed and then the bathroom which was very modern (the best power shower I've ever had!). We had 3 patio doors which led out onto a long balcony so you could see the goings on in the street. The rooms were very clean, I defnately have no complaints about this hotel and will hopefully be returning very soon.The location is excellent with lots of bar and cafe's nearby, also just 5 mins taxi away from la ramblas.Would highly recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastically located We stayed in a suite 5 minutes walk away from the main hotel. It suited us very well as we are not really interested in room service or breakfast etc.Our Suite had a large bedroom with mini bar, 4 poster bed, a dressing room and shower room with separate toilet. It was quiet and only a few minutes away from everything else. the best restaurant we went to was the one at the hotel-we went twice and such good value!The front desk was very helpful and most spoke good english although on our last day, as we were waiting for our taxi, a couple checking in were given a key to an occupied room so little things do happen!Regarding the comments other people have made, it is obvious the hotel has tried to improve things for the few who were not content with some aspects. Eg. there are extra lights.The only 2 things I feel should be mentioned are that after 5 nights there, the floor especially needed a good dust and there were no hooks for the bath towels after use. I like to decide myself if I want to use my towel for more than 1 day, but there was nowhere to hang it once used. Overall perfect location, good value and loved Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>saytheword04
<Content>Banys Oriental is the place to be My friends and I just returned from the Banys Oriental. We stayed there from Feb. 19 - 22nd. First off, the location is unbelievably great. You're walking distance to almost everything. I can't comment on Breakfast, since we did not pay for that as we planned to have coffee and whatever in a local cafe daily. and there are MANY local cafe's to grab a bite at. The best coffee is at a franchise near the hotel called Cappachino. Anyway, we asked for two adjoining rooms and unfortunately, they did not have two next door to each other the day we arrived. But the hotel did arrange for us to be together (next door to one another) from the second day until we left. They even moved my friends luggage.The rooms are basically clean and simple. Much better than a motel 6 and you certainly cannot expect the Ritz Carlton for the price you're paying at Banys. WE had a fantastically comfortable bed, roomy bathrooms and yes, there is definitely a musty smell but it did not bother us. We had a great view of the street below and it was NOT noisy as other areas.For 95Euros, you're getting a steal. The best bargain though, is the Banys restaurant right next door. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation. The place always has a line to get in......the food is out of this world. Enjoy your trip if you're headed out to this wonderful little world.saytheword (NYC)  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel for Barcelona We stayed in Banys for two nights, just to spend the Weekend in Barcelona and found it very nice and comfortable. I lived for one year in Barcelona and know the city centre very well. Bany Orientals is located perfectly in the heart of the G贸tico Area and you really find everything near to you (even Metro and Bus). The value you get for the money you pay is above average for Barcelona. Even for bad Hostals I paid only 20 EUR less, compared to Banys Orientals, if you like the Hostal rooms with own bathroom.The Hotel has a very nice abstract and cosy style, the breakfast is very good and the service as well. If you get a room to the street it is of corse not very silent, but this is the charme of the mediteranean City of Barcelona. Some small things of course are nice to see, but not very good to use. The lightning of the bathroom indeed should be improved (especially at the sink and mirror), but this wasn麓t really a problem.I felt very good at home in the Banys Orientals rooms. Especially our room had two levels. Entering you could go directly in the bathroom/WC. Going some steps down (wooden steps in the material of the floor, very nice!) there was a hugh bed that was of a good quality. A small balcony to look, what is going on on the street, a big window with good curtains (no light enters at morning!) a small table with nice lamps on it, pictures on the wall - all those things made it overall a nice space to stay. Not very big, but to relax after walks through Barcelona.I will go to BO again. Definitely.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nyuszi
<Content>All form, no function Bany's Orientals is an absolutely beautiful hotel! It's designed and decorated with a kind of stylish simplicity that I associate with the West's take on the East (particularly Japan). I stayed for business, so I was thrilled that it was not just an identical box business hotel. The location was excellent, as well. The included breakfast was great, including items sure to please Spaniards, Brits, and Americans alike, plus it was served until fairly late so it was very convenient. The bed was comfortable, with clean soft linens.Unfortunately, all the goodness was packed into the superficial level, leaving a lot to be desired. There was no internet service available in the hotel, the heating/cooling unit was so high tech that it was impossible to program, and there was no overhead light so even with every lamp turned on and the curtains open, it was difficult to see. The bathroom is also beautifully useless. The sink design makes one very apt to spray themselves or the room, the shower design makes that absolutely certain, and the lack of ventilation left me with a thin film of condensation on every surface when I finished.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Banys a sobre choice After staying in the Casa Camper before moving to Banys Orientals, we were not overly excited to be checking in. But we knew that there is a reason why Banys charges E100 and Camper E200! When we arrived, we were informed that the hotel does not know about our booking! Fortunately I had a printout of an email confirmation, which, upon presentation, quickly sorted out the confusion. We actually hoped that they did not have any rooms, so that we had a reason to go back to the Camper (which in reality we could not afford for another night!)In the end, we got one of the streetfacing rooms on the first floor, which was nice and spacious.Pros:- Nice design, although the monochrome colours seemed a bit dull after the bright reds of the Camper.- Free water good since Barcelona's tastes awful.- Although the hotel does not have wi-fi, I was given an ethernet cable to connect to the port in the room. This worked perfectly.- Nice bathroom, although some of the tiles in the shower need to be replaced. Strange double taps?Cons- Soundproofing. The problem bothered us at first, but we got used to it. One can hear people talking on the street even with all the windows closed. Occasionaly we could hear conversations and tv in the room next door. The problem is manageable and not quite as bad as some other reviews have made it out to be.All in all, at about E100 for a double, Banys Orientals is a sobre choice if one of your prerequisites is nice design. I have done a lot of research on boutique hotels in Barcelona in this pricerange, and this still seems to be the best choice.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pretty to look at odviously my expectations were way to high for this hotel, still in the process of painting the walls in the main area. my husband and i rented a suite, which is about 50 yards from the main building, and after walking up 10 flights of stairs with all our luggage, i was disappointed to find that there was no view of the city or streets at all, in addition the cool looking loft aspect of the room was tiny you can麓t even stand up in it- totally useless space. as if all of this was not bad enough [after trying unsuccessfully to switch rooms, because they were all full] i came to terms with my choice to stay, and decided to take a shower- would have been relaxing except for the larger-than-quarter size burn i recieved from the water fixture- i looked down to see that the water dropping on the fixter was actually sizzling on it- they would have definately been sued in the states! my best friend staying in the main part of the hotel said that she could not sleep due to paper-thin walls and sounds of the young couple next door. all in all it is simply pretty to look at but definately not built on logic, good thing it is in a great location and is clean  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gargas
<Content>3rd Visit in 18 months Yes, the bathrooms smell - though I think it's less due to lack of cleanliness and more due to a lack of ventilation - and yes there's a bit of noise from the uncarpeted hallways and streets outside, but the location is unparalleled, and the price is unbeatable. While you don't get amenities like room service or laundry, you do get a very helpful staff and all the bottled water you can drink. And, for not too much more money, the suites are huge with nicer bathrooms - though they are in buildings separate from the main hotel.I'll go back for a 4th trip. The only thing I'd change would be giving out a set of earplugs with each room - we brought our own and it makes all the differnce in the world.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JustinThyme
<Content>Stylish Modern Boutique Hotel If you're looking for a stylish modern hotel with a high tech look straight from Architectural Digest, this is for you. The rates are reasonable too. A nice experience and conveniently located, particularly if you're looking for a stopover before joiing a ship in the port.Would return again anytime.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good price, but little else My husband and I went to Spain for our honeymoon and stayed in one of the suites at the Hotel Banys Oriental for six nights. The suites are not in the same building as the hotel, which we knew. However, when we entered the building where the suites were located, it was literally like entering a prison. We passed through a metal gate door which you have to slam shut for it to lock. Then we walked up two flights of stairs into a cement courtyard (we called it the dungeon) to get to our room. There was a loud refrigerator there holding the bottled water. There were no plants, very little lighting (which seemed dangerous since the door was hardly ever closed and locked), no chairs or table -- just a dark, windy, and a liitle scary area to pass through before entering your room. Fortunately we were on the first level. Other guests had to climb an enormous metal staircase with their luggage to get to their rooms -- there is no elevator. There are also no employees in the suite building. The room did look like the pictures we have seen online, but some things have to be noted in person. The floors which appear to be hardwood, are in fact, vinyl - made to look like wood. This would have been okay (albeit a little cheesy) except that they were filthy and bumpy. The lighting in the room, the bathroom, and the loft space was so poor that it was quite depressing. There is no overhead lighting - only one floor lamp (which we moved down from the loft because we literally couldn't see) and 2 table lamps, all with low wattage bulbs. The bed frame was a made out of a cheap wood painted black -- ikea-esque, but worse, with screws sticking out on the bottom. There were 2 strange clip lights on the bed frame that were like car headlights. As it was November, and getting cold, we could understand the room being a bit cold, but our room was unbearably cold. We turned the temperature up as high as it could go, and it was still too chilly to stay in there any longer than we had to. The loft space was boiling hot, and the downstairs was icy. Not to mention that the room was so dark and dreary that we wanted to be anywhere else. We tried to change hotels, but were unable to find anything. We called to tell them about the lighting situation and the freezing temp, and they said that it would be warmer and brighter in the morning with the light streaming through the windows. That never happened, even on a bright sunny day. It was dark, cold and depressing for the duration of our stay. When we say dark, I mean, we could not see our clothes in the suitcase! We asked to change rooms, but nothing was available. The bathroom was more of the same -- dark and cold -- very unpleasant. The boiler broke in our room the day before we left and we had no hot water. They said that it could not be fixed until the following day when we were checking out anyway. We were also unsure of the cleanliness of everything. For the six days that we were there, the sink area was never cleaned -- made us wonder what else was never cleaned. We know that they did not change the sheets on the bed either. The breakfast, although plentiful was a bit disappointing. It seemed as though not everything was so fresh -- some stale bread, cheese that sat out for too long. But overall we were able to eat well enough to start our day. We did not have any English channels on our tv which would have been nice to have during siesta time. There were a few upsides -- the price, location, and the free bottled water. We would not recommend this hotel for more than 2 nights. We also suggest staying in the main hotel instead of the suites. Our overall opinion was that on the surface everything looks good, but underneath there was not much quality.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tocanada2
<Content>Will stay again       another view of Room 105  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>curryking
<Content>Disappointed Single Traveller I asked for a double room for single use but one was not available so I had a single. Having looked at the website and seen images of rooms with four poster bed, desk and armchair the single room was a shock. Small and cramped and not in the least stylish and as I stayed for a week I found it depressing. What is most annoying is that it only costs 15 euros less than a double room for two people.It's great value for a couple but very poor value for a single person.The Ribera area is great and there are many good restaurants nearby. The weekend was very noisy but weekdays couldn't have been more peaceful.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ginner_7
<Content>On the whole....fab I have to say that most of the reviews are spot on. IT IS a lovely little hotel, great value, great location, nice staff, and I would without a doubt stay there again. They are a couple of things that others have mentioned which are also true, thin walls (felt like someone else was in the room) and it was a bit of a tight squeeze around the bed, but that was it. I had friends staying in one of the suites and that was great, so if you want a bit more of a treat for an extra 30 euros book one of those.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hellomachka
<Content>Great hotel!! My girlfriend and i stayed one night in this cute Wesque hotel; i would definitely stay here again; it was a great value at 90 euro per night for a double. Most, not all, of the staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean as were the bathrooms. It is in a great location near the Gothic area as well as the trains. Walking distance to plaza catalunya  tons of shopping  restaurants!!! There was a huge refridgerator with complimentary bottled water in the hallway which was definitely a plus! We did not have the chance to eat in the restaurant in the hotel, but it looked very cute! Walls were thin but we did not have any trouble as far as noisy neighbors. Television had english channels (which we didn't find anywhere else).  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a booking that did not happen booked this hotel on trip advisor suggestion. sent visa number as confirmation, when arrived did not have our booking and we had to find alternative accom, when we arrived home found they had deducted amount from our visa account, sent an email to them and so far have not had any reply. We are currently trying to recover funds through the bank. I would definatly not advise using this hotel. Went to hotel colon which was fantastic. Cheryl Wilsmore.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fladstjerne
<Content>Nice - but noisy Having just returned from Barcelona, I must say that yes, this hotel is beautifully decorated but design isn't everything! Rooms have a cool ambience, lovely soft colouring and nice furniture (the bed is great) but the lightning in bathrooms is way too poor and why are there no hooks for the towels in the bathroom? The main problem, however, is the noise. Noise from the neighbours, noise from doors slamming all the time, noise from the street. From the sounds from the bathroom of the room next door, we could almost tell what our neighbour had had for supper!The staff was very helpful and friendly, speaking very good English. And the free mineral water is a wonderful thing to have. The situation at the border of El Born and right next to the Gothic quarter is perfect. All in all the hotel is good value for money.Go, but bring earplugs!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ABKB
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! My husband  I stayed here from 21st to 26th Aug 2005  again on 30th Aug for one night and were absolutely thrilled with the hotel! For 95 euros per night it was a complete steal- the hotel itself is very stylish, swanky interior set in a beautiful old building in the trendy El Borne district in Barcelona. Great location, away from the madness of La Ramblas and surrounded by lots of restaurants, bars/cafes  shops. It's only a 10 minute walk to Placa Catalunya and the shopping district. We had a nice large room with a balcony  big bath (by european standards atleast!) - comfy beds, quiet room  very clean. Hotel staff was pleasant, helpful  extremely organised. They even allowed us to leave our luggage behind for 4 days while we went to Seville before returning to Barcelona for one night. Free mineral water on every floor was a really nice touch- especially in the heat of August! Will definitely stay here again and reccommend it to anyone who's visiting Barcelona!! Don't even think twice before booking this hotel cause it's a great choice!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jbberkeleytraveler
<Content>Stylish, Smelly, and Noisy We were very excited to stay at the Banys Orientals after looking at the website and reading so many positive reviews. When we arrived, we were pleased to see that the hotel corresponded to the pictures online. It was very stylish, very much a boutique hotel. The good things about the hotel were: its price (we paid 95 EUR/night); its proximity to restaurants, banks, and a metro stop; its free high speed internet service; and the free bottles of water (still and sparkling) that guests could enjoy (since Spaniards don't serve tap water, you pay for every ounce of water that you consume!). Sadly, the downsides of the hotel were significant to us: the noise was quite a problem. Our room faced the street, and beyond the thinness of the walls--which meant that we could hear our neighbors sneeze (literally!) and carry on conversations--the noise from the streets was unbearable sometimes. While other reviewers suggest that you simply have to accept that Barcelona is a city with a vibrant nightlife, we found it a bit irritating to have so little sound insulation that we could not sleep at 3am due to the noise of people on the street. It felt like we were trying to nap in the middle of a cocktail party. However, we would gladly have suffered through the noise problem if we had not had to deal with the greater problem of the horrible smell of our bathroom and tap water. The toilet closet smelled like a public urinal (I never entered it barefoot), and we soon discovered that the cleaning staff were in fact cleaning our room daily, but the water they were using was hopelessly tainted. The shower water didn't smell as terrible, but the sink water was so bad that we used bottled water to brush our teeth! Very unfortunate, and perhaps this is specific to certain rooms in the hotel that lie on a particular path within the sewage/pipe system (I believe we were in 201). I am sad to say that the management's emphasis on the visual leaves them little room for attention to the other senses that are engaged at this hotel. We will not return.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>getawayfromlondon
<Content>Fantastic Stayed at the bayans oriental in barcelona for 2 nights. For 鈧?5 euros per person it was more like a 4 1/2 star not a 3. The rooms were lovely and clean and the showers, the biggest I have seen. Its in a great part of town and worth a stay  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Design hotel. Budget hotel I stayed there in March 2005 and had a great time there. Rooms are very well designed but a bit small. Service is outstanding. The breakfast is also fine with a great choice.I would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyment! This hotel is a real gem! It has character and style. The room we stayed in for 3 nights was nicely decorated in grey, taupe and black colours, that we happen to love. The ambiance in the room was cosy and comfortable. The bed was pretty good considering that we have the best of beds at home. We particularly asked for a quiet room and we got just that! At the back of the hotel we had a view of the wall of another building, so not too much of sunlight coming in, but that was really not a problem at all. If you like your peace too, do ask for a quiet room, because late in the evenings and at night Barcelona comes alive also close to the hotel frontdoor!Our bathroom had a separate toilet which was a luxury. After a day we discovered you could take bottled water free of charge from the fridge at the hallway; since the temperature outside was over 34 degrees Celcius, this was particularly welcomed.The rooms are not really soundproof. If you had the luck of people talking really loud or stamp their feet while walking down the hallways, it sometimes felt as if they were in your room. And forget about the breakfast; this was a total deception, with mouldy bread and not much of a choice. But we did have a great time in Barcelona and not in the least because of our great hotel at good rates! Pure enjoyment at Banys Orientals!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap chic Barcelona hotel We stayed in an apartment which was great - the rooms were very stylish (as nice as a 5* hotel) with a gorgeous bathroom and huge shower, although it did lack the facilities of a higher class hotel. There are no English TV channels at all - not even CNN or BBC World - nor a radio which meant that we had to get on well and keep the conversation going! There is no room service or added extras either. However, we slept soundly as the apartment block is quite tucked away in a quiet street meaning that sound is not a problem at all. I would definitely recommend as the location is second to none and the price is great for what you get.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Banys Orientals- A chic Bargain! For 95e, you'd expect a no-frills, generic, blah hotel. But this hotel exceeded my expectations by far! (their website truly represents its atmosphere ---) I wouldn't want to trade in it's boutique status, but I wish there was a chain of these hotels all over the world. First of all, the location was prime, about 100 steps from the Jaume 1 metro stop in the Barri Gotic. We could see the spires of Barcelona Cathedral from our balcony and the Picasso Museum and La Rambla are a nice walk away. The staff is extremely friendly. Each floor has complimentary chilled bottled water(which doesn't seem like a big deal, but we'd go thru 6 a day, one less thing to buy at some overpriced tourist cart)I also highly recommend the Senyor Parellada Restaurant, located in the hotel(which I didn't realize, as it was on our list of places to find!) Such an incredible aura, english menus and friendly staff that don't make you feel like an inferior American. One last comment on the Banys Orientals Hotel: We stayed in room 110 for 4 nights, which was beautiful, spacious and had a balcony overlooking the cobblestone street. After a weekend in France, we came back to the hotel for 1 night before flying home, and had room 101. They were the same price, but the second room was much smaller, hardly any room to walk around the bed and only 1 window that overlooked an alley and directly into the apartment across it. So be specific in your requests!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular!!! We stayed in a suite at this hotel for 2 nights. Actually the suites are located steps from the actual hotel. We were surprised at how stylish and spacious the suite was. It was modern yet retained some of the medieval charm. The bathroom was very new and clean, there was a flat screen TV, free bottled water, beautiful minimalist decor. The upstairs loft could accomodate another person easily. It was quiet, comfortable, steps away from shopping/attractions/restaurants, and very reasonably priced. The staff was helpful and were willing and able to answer questions we had about specialty shops. I think we paid about 120 euros per night which was a little less than the going rate for a hotel ROOM in the area. Although there was breakfast at the hotel for 9 euro, we found another place to eat in the area. The only thing that bothered me a little about the suite was that it was dim, not enough lighting! In spite of this I would highly recommend it - don't miss out!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DiClarke
<Content>Good in parts - but I need my sleep! Great position in a beautiful street, well placed for metro/ garage parking/ sightseeing and the cool decor are the pluses for this hotel, good air conditioning and a fairly good breakfast also. However, I am surprised at some of the rave reviews, the rooms are very small and if I had to spend more than one night there I would go crazy, having to squeeze around the furniture and trying not to knock into sharp edges! Our bathroom was good but my teenage son's shower was a converted balcony and poorly done at that, with the original glass doors to the street. Lighting is very low and breakfast is served in a very dark, warm little room,not in the restaurant. The noise was a big problem, as noted by other reviewers, we were prepared for it but it was still very hard to bear. the worst offender was the lift, it groans up and down , it seems to be all night, also the street noise , even in the side street was very loud and it continues through the night, there was also some loud talking in hallways - all from English tourists!The service desk was helpful and efficient, all in all it is what you expect for the price, I would hesitate to say it is worth more, but then hey, this is Barcelona and there are other superlative attractions.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish, fairly clean but NOISY! Stylish hotel for a very good price (93 euro/night for double room excluding tax). Polite and efficient staff. Excellent location. Free water on all floors (still/sparkling). Close to metro.HOWEVER, bathroom clean but not spotless (shower was powerful though). Tiles and grouting are black so may be even less clean than appears. Most of space in room was taken up with the large double bed. And finally the rooms are very noisy. We moved from room 100 (as we may as well have been sleeping on the street-noise began from about 7 am) to room 304 (which had slightly less noise from street but transmitted every sound from our neighbours room-and they were not noisy).Overall would probably not return...or return with earplugs.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>katelf
<Content>Can't wait to go back!! Just returned from a 4 night stay in at Banys Orientals in Barcelona and absolutely loved it!!! The location is just amazing. We arrived at 7pm on a Sunday night as a suprise birthday present for my boyfriend to find very heavy rain. After taking a luggage to our room (which is spacious, modern with a shower that you have to drag yourself out of!) we stepped outside and ran into the nearest restaurant near to us. Talle De Tapas was 3 or 4 buildings down from us and is a beautiful modern restaurant which served the best tapas. We liked it that much we went back on our last night. Prices were very reasonable too. There was lots of quaint streets with an amazing shop or boutique hid away on nearly everyone of them. The walls in the rooms were very thin and excentauted by a girl who appeared to be shouting into her mobile phone for hours on end but this is a very small price to pay for a beautiful hotel in a beautiful location and a great price. Have already recommended it to all my friends and shall definately be going back!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellence in Barcelona We were a little unnerved by our guidebook's description of Banys Orientals as a boutique hotel, but that apparently meant only that it has an understated color scheme--everything in muted tones of gray, cream, white, black--and furnishings that are quietly elegant and functional. The guidebook was right that it is inexpensive given the high quality (however, a friend staying in a single room thought it was overpriced). There's a Metro station 10 yards up the street, and a friendly little place a couple of doors down as an alternative to the lavish and expensive hotel breakfast. The young staff, friendly and informed, speak passable to excellent English. The location is perfect for anyone wanting to experience the center of old-town Barcelona without being in the hubbub of the Ramblas, which are two or three blocks away. The hotel is in a small section abutting the Barri Gotic called La Ribera; it is a pleasing mixture of narrow, winding residential streets and small-scale commerce (boutiques and specialty stores, small groceries, and lots of restaurants and tapas bars). You can walk in five minutes to either of the two magnificent squares on which much of the public life of Barcelona takes place, including the incomparable sardana. The associated restaurant, Senor Parellada, is one of the great (and surprisingly reasonable) Barcelona eating places; it's necessary to book several days in advance. The Picasso Museum is nearby, as is the Textile Museum (which has a terrific little cafe, indoors and outdoors); other major cultural attractions, such as the Liceu Opera and the Palace of Catalan Music, are within easy walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JuliaW
<Content>Fabulous value I stayed at the Banys for one night in one of their newly acquired suites, which are very close to the main hotel itself. As most reviewers say, the rooms are relatively basic but well designed and comfortable. The suites comprise of an added 'upstairs' sitting area. As they were so recently acquired they didn't have a television or radio..........so I just sung to myself!It is in the most fashionable area of Barcelona, close to the beautiful church of Santa Maria del Mar, surrounded by bars, boutiques and great restaurants, I should know as I own an apartment practically next door!Will be staying there again in April as am having work done on my apartment.........can't wait, makes a nice home away from second home!The truism is that my suite gave onto Argenteria and as has been noted by others, it seems to be exceptionally noisy, which surprised me as my apartment doesn't have double glazing and isn't as bad. So I would suggest that if you do want a suite ask for an interior or one in front of Santa Maria del Mar - it will perhaps be less noisy to the one that I stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SuKe
<Content>Great location, great hotel, great rate We spent 4 nights at the Banys Orientals and for location, room rates and staff friendliness this hotel cannot be beaten.The room was a very good size - large double bed (2 singles together) plus a very stylish bathroom. The only downside was the soundproofing - or lack of it - however, this is a common problem in many Barcelona hotels. It certainly didn't detract from our stay.The free bottled water as a godsend, and a really nice touch, particularly when you conisder what excellent room rates the hotel offers. We didn't bother with the hotel breakfast (based on other comments) and ate out at a nearby cafe/bar each morning for about the same cost as one hotel breakfast.The location is terrific, slap bang in La Ribera and only a short walk to Barri Gotic and the port. The hotel is surrounded by great restauarants and tapas bars and is also ideally located for using the metro system.When we go back to Barcelona, we'll certainly stay at the Banys.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! Just posting a message quickly to say that I stayed at this hotel last year and really liked it - the bedroom and bathroom were fair-sized and very clean, the hotel was quiet, the location was great (near to a Metro station and a few tourist attractions) and the staff were friendly and polite. The free bottles of water were a nice thought too! Obviously it's a basic hotel (in that there aren't any fancy facilities) but as we just wanted a nice place to go back to at the end of the day this hotel was perfect - great value for money! Have recommended it to my friends and it would be my first choice of a place to stay if I ever go to Barcelona again!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sallysally
<Content>style over substance Just back from two nights for our wedding anniversary.good points - helpful staff, arranged late check out for no extra cost, unlimited free mineral water, location - 2 minutes from gothic quarter and in the midst of el bornbad points - noisy even though our room was at the back, tiny rooms, I couldn't dry my hair without hitting the bed frame, beds were two twins next to each other made up as separate beds but in one frame, poor quality towels, once white now grey.Don't think it deserves listing as one of CN's top European hotels. It wasn't dreadful, just not comfortable and we would not return.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>g12doc
<Content>Triple glazing would be a nice idea!         
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mladao
<Content>Great Location, Boutique Hotel, Nice People If you are looking for a great boutique hotel. This is the one. It's very quaint with modern facilities. It's style is minimalist design with comfort. This hotel is located in the Born District and a 5 minute walk or less to great restaurants, sights, and shopping. The staff was extremely helpful and nice during our stay. The added little bonus was the free water bottles with gas or no gas in the refrigerators  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Drewhuge
<Content>Nice but noisy OK, so you don't go to Barcelona for the peace  quiet, but nor do you want to be able to hear a mouse cough two rooms away. The bed was nice - it dominated the room but we didn't want to spend too much time in it搂 anyway so that wasn't an issue. Bathroom was great, huge shower. However, on the first night our bed was shaking from noise from a nearby club at 4am - and we had a supposedly quiet side room. The side alley also had revving motorbikes very late  very early. We were also woken by our neighbours several times, as the walls are like tissue paper. So, either stay out all night or take earplugs, because while this place is stylish, it's badly constructed. The location, however, is fantastic - near the best church in Barcelona, the santa maria del mar, great Pinxto bars and lots of boutiquey shops.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Luckily I did not read the reviews of this hotel before I went as otherwise I may have been put off.I have been to Barcelona several times and have always stayed in the larger hotels so thought I'd try a smaller one for a change.The decor in the hotel was great, and the location was within walking distance of everything- shops, bars, restaurants etc. Our room looked over a busy street, but far from being kept awake at night we slept great in our 4 poster bed.The bathroom was kept clean and the staff were very friendly.For the money, I really think that Banys Orientals is great value and I will definitely be going there again.In fact, the only thing that put a downer on the holiday at all was the sheer amount of people visiting Barcelona who did not appreciate its history and instead moaned about the garbage in the street. If you go please open your eyes and look at the beautiful architecture and take in the atmosphere of such a wonderful place instead of wanting a clone of your city back home.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! I've stayed here on two separate occasions with friends and my girlfriend and am yet to hear anything but rave reviews about this hotel. The staff are very friendly and helpful, the rooms are extremely modern, clean and comfortable and the bathrooms are great. I'm also yet to find a hotel that offers better value for money. I think we paid around 85 euro per night for a double room which is a good price considering the standard of the hotel in general.The room we stayed in to the side of the hotel looked on to a quiet side street and the rooms to the front can be a little noisy at night (but have better views and are great if you want to be able to soak up the atmosphere of the bustling nightlife from your balcony).Overall a lovely place to stay - I can't recommend it highly enough!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>milopup
<Content>great little hotel in a happening town Just returned from Barcelona this week, and we had a great experience. We had three rooms at the Banys Orientals and we thought it was great. The location can't be beat--right in the midst of the old town. Only thing is that you can't drive up and drop your bags--a bit dicey finding the place by car, but once we parked in the public garage a few blocks away, we were all set and walked everywhere. The hotel is small and clean, the rooms aren't huge but the beds are so comfy, and you have everything you need. It was perfectly quiet for all of us--no problem with noise in any of our three rooms. The cold water bottles free for the taking were such a nice touch after a long day walking in Barcelona. The front desk staff were helpful and courteous and all spoke English, so that helped us a lot. We found a great little shop just a few doors down and across the pedestrian street from the hotel with cool euro clothes and shoes and a very friendly owner. Good prices too. We also found a great little restaurant--I think it was called 23 Princesa--cool atmosphere and great food--go there! Loved Barcelona--take the bus tour--go to the Picasso Museum--go to this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The price makes the Banys no 1 in Barcelona! I don't fully agree with the other reviews on the site. Me and my wife stayed at the hotel in september -03 and we liked the hotel a lot. We had been looking a long time for a nice hotel in Barcelona with a sense of style but not too expensive. The price makes this hotel very attractive. We had a room facing the street and yes, it can be very noisy. We have had friends staying at the hotel and they had a room not facing the street. They didn't hear any noice so, once again, the tip is to avoide rooms facing the street. Location is exellent and the service is good. We never tried the hotel breakfast. We ate every morning in a small cafe just 15 meters from the hotel. Very nice and cheeper than the hotel breakfast.We have and will recommend the hotel to friends going to Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sue-and-shane
<Content>excellent value for money Just got back after a 4 night stay at the Banys Orientals.the hotel was excellent value for money - right in the middle of the old town - everything was within easy reach.the hotel rooms were excellent - cleaned every day + spotless. I can understand some of the other reviews even though i would definately go back to the Banys again. The noise from the street was not a problem at all, but as said previously the walls are very thin + if you're unlucky enough to have a very loud Spanish man staying in the room next door to yours who insisted on using the telephone for about an hour each night at 3.00am (as we had for the first two nights) it can be very frustrating - but that's the gamble you take - the last two nights were noise free!!the bathroom was spotless + even though there may have been a slight smell - as soon as you walk around the old streets you can tell where its coming from- the drains are very bad.all in all i would definately recommend using the hotel - for the price you pay + the location it is in it is excellent - we will definately be going back!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JustStartingToTravel
<Content>Very Pleased with This Find! Just returned from Barcelona after week long cruise with three other couples. Surprised by poor reviews as all of us we happy with the price/value. Our room overlooked the street, and felt that the 'noise' gave it character ... when the balcony doors were closed for the night, it was very quiet. The only room that suffered from noise was the one in the back (very large) that was close to the restaurant (see previous reviews).The bathrooms were clean and decently-appointed. Never experienced noise from neighbours, and we were there Thur/Friday. The free water (located in fridge off stairwells) was a bonus!Location was excellent, within walking distance to anywhere we needed. 10 min. to port, 10 min. to La Ramblas (but watch how you get there). The area did seem young and trendy. (Would have bought shoes next door if I had realized the prices in Italy!) The restaurants we ate in (both at hotel and around corner) were the best value we experienced in Spain. Four couples, appetizers, entrees, dessert, coffees and wine (lots of it) for 50E per couple.The front-desk staff were very helpful and friendly ... we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Agree with the last two - would definitely go back We stayed in this hotel last weekend, and would definitely go back, AND recommend it to our friends. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms very simple and stylish, the beds really comfortable and all at a price not much more than a hostel. We also heard hardly any noise, either from staff or from the other rooms. And street noise is a part of Barcelona - if you don't like it I can think of umpteen other cities you shouldn't visit either! If you want the Hotel Arts you've got to pay for it - if you can't then this this is a fine budget substitute. Also, it's in a fantastic location. We'll certainly go back.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very modern for a great price For the price, comfort and location you can't get a better deal. Yes, the street is noisy, but as soon as you close your window, its gone.....This is typical everywhere you go in a big city....if you can't handle it, go to the country!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprised by bad reviews, loved this place Stayed here in spring 2003 and had a great time. It was fully booked and so we could only stay one night, but we were very impressed. We found it in a guardian review of stylish hotels and were surprised that we could afford it. The rooms were amply sized and the very large shower was luxurious. The location was perfect and staff very professional. Perhaps the standards have shifted, but we were more than happy and recommend it to all our friends  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, stunning hotel I can only agree with the previous reviewer - this is a great hotel, ideally located in the backstreets of old Barcelona. The room was large, stylish and clean, the staff were helpful and the restaurant is superb. Admittedly the room was slightly noisy, but this is only to be expected in a city like Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RodandMary
<Content>Great Little Hotel   showReview(1754717, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wilfr
<Content>Noisy, unfriendly staff, not too clean   showReview(1705147, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't do it   showReview(1658761, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Novelty wears off after 10 minutes   showReview(1645656, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i expected more   showReview(1627269, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chinomad
<Content>Only for extremely heavy sleepers   showReview(1519188, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, modern decor, but rooms are small    showReview(1518392, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiapam
<Content>good value for a good location   showReview(1513328, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal location, elegantly understated d茅cor, and very reasonable rates   showReview(1512718, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great new boutique hotel in Barcelona   showReview(1422587, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rachel032
<Content>belle d茅co mais chambres trop petites et sonores....       notre point de vue...  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>cityculture
<Content>Top Hotel Banys Orientals!   showReview(16703215, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>thob
<Content>眉ble umsatz taktik   showReview(8669377, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	1	5	

<Author>LabarLondres
<Content>D茅莽ue   showReview(6841561, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	-1	5	

