<Author>travelingPRgirl
<Content>Value and Location Plus Views Equals Great Location is very good, plus my room was a corner room with Golden Gate and bay views. I literaly woke up to the Golden Gate bridge in view. Super close to an amazing cheese store and wine store, so pre-dinner snacks each night with those views were superb!!!!Room was clean, perfect, small (expected in SF) and I walked or took transit to literally everywhere I needed to be.Front lobby and front drive team struggled. The hotel seems stuck between a limited service and full service. One night I was late for a dinner reservation and the bellman was so occupied helping an english-language-challenged group get on a bus I had to literally jump into the busy road and try and flag down a cab myself. Another time I was late for a business meeting and again struggled to get help and a cab. Overall, however, I would highly recommend this hotel. The location, views, price, overall value and service are all in allignment. Had a great stay!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>xander05
<Content>Hated the Gateway Holiday Inn in San Francisco A friend and I went to San Francisco on November 1, 2008, to attend the opera. After driving for 10 hours from San Diego in the pouring rain, we arrived at our hotel, the Gateway Holiday Inn on Van Ness Avenue. When we got to your room, we found that it was filthy. The bathtub was wet and had a hair in it, the bathroom floor had a large blob of soap scum on it, and the towels smelled like sour milk, which is an indication that there were bacteria on the towels. This is a health hazard. We tried to get ice for the room, but discovered that the ice machine had been removed from our floor. We asked to have the room cleaned, and were told that the room could not be cleaned for several hours. We also asked for clean towels. Those were brought to the room, but they smelled of sour milk, also. We asked the hotel to find us another hotel, but all they said they could find was a hotel in another area of town. Since we didn;t know our way around the city, we decided against that option. So, we decided to leave. We had been at the hotel for about an hour and a half. When we left, we were told that there would be no charges whatsoever for our one and a half hour stay at the hotel. Then, we drove for 45 minutes in the dark and in the rain to Palo Alto, where we knew of another hotel. The next day, we had to take a cab into the city to attend the opera...to the tune of $200 round trip. There was no other way we knew of to get to the opera house, which does not have parking. A few days ago, my friend's credit card statement arrived with two charges from the Holiday Inn for $50 and one charge for $38.75. When she called the hotel, she was told that the charges were for two sets of misdsing towels, a missing alarm clock, and for parking. We were absolutely outraged. We're not thieves! Our guess is that the hotel is doing this for spite because we dared to tell them that their hotel was filthy. We've called Holiday Inn's corporate offices, but were told that this particular hotel is a franchise and that we'll have to argue this out with the hotel. We have no idea who stole items from the hotel room, but it certainly wasn't us. We would never stay at this hotel again, and certainly recommend that others avoid it also.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Zanika2005
<Content>Decent Hotel I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip. Overall I thought the hotel was in good condition and the rooms were nice (small, but nice). The hotel is 26 stories tall, and I was on the 22nd story. I enjoyed the view from my hotel room; I looked out at downtown San Francisco and the water. The location is nice as well. I was able to see several tourist locations from this hotel. The staff are great, and very informative. I had to pay $35 a night to park my car in their personal parking lot. Be warned about that. However, it would have cost a pretty penny to park my car anywhere in San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Highwaydude
<Content>A good weekend in San Francisco Recently Stayed at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway while on a long weekend vacation. Had no major complaints. Hotel location was very close to getting on the historic cable cars down California Street. We also rented a car from the Hertz dealer right across the street which made it easy for a simple day trip up to Muir Woods. Ordered room service one evening and was delivered very nicely with candle and all. Very nice touch. Only thing I would like would be new bigger pillows on the beds. I felt the pillows were very small.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>cheshirepen
<Content>Good value hotel in a convenient location Stayed 4 nights here. Good location and about 100 yards from one of the cable car terminii. Also at the top of Van Ness Avenue which is one of the main roads through San Francisco so it was fairly easy to find and easy to get away from.Our room was on 17th floor overlooking Chinatown. Good room size. Clean. Fridge in room and also iron and ironing board. Limited hanging space for clothes but we managed.Lots of restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel if you don't want to eat your evening meal in the hotel. We found an excellent Thai one just around the corner which was also very cheap. You can park in the hotel car park which is secure but not cheap but the lift goes to the car park so there is no problem with luggage.Breakfast is buffet and was fine.We loved San Francisco. If I returned I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>SheenaEastern
<Content>I didn't like this hotel I was not impressed with this hotel. Firstly, the lobby was dreary and depressing and the check in staff were not friendly. However, Ben in the gift shop was SUPERB, he checked all my flight details and booked me a shuttle to the airport,. The lady in the gift shop changed my shuttle for me the following day, and made my travel arrangements so much easier as I needed to leave earlier. I appreciated that. The room, 704, itself was O.K.there was a view of the San Francisco skyline, but, I also had a roof top with a generator which did not sound or look too pretty! Room service provided me with a lovely table, rose and candle, but, for some reason, overcharged me to the tune of about $7 and I did not inquire why!!! Overall, the room was pretty average and the bathroom was mediocre, although I have to say, I did sleep like a log!, bed was clean and comfy. The bellhop was very helpful but,because the room was way overpriced, the location was too far out and as a woman travelling alone, I was not made to feel too welcome by the check in staff, I would not stay here again or recommend it to others...By the way, the coffee in the rooms was just disgusting....  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Chonguito
<Content>Great alternative to avoid expensive hotels       Room.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>julesb77
<Content>Quite happy Very near to the cable car stop, which was really handy, and a great touristy thing to do. The room itself was pretty average - a bit dated, but was adequate for our needs. Our room had a great view of the Golden Gate bridge which was good.Would probably go back.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>HaakonKS
<Content>Ok place to stay in SF. Nice view.       The view from the room  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>tripazoid
<Content>Not Returning Have stayed here several times over the past year for business. It has served my purpose so to speak. I liked the adjacent parking it cost around $36.00 plus tax. Parking in SF is a pain in general. However, I have grown weary of the lack of attention to detail in the room including the complimentary toiletries which sounds minor but has caused me inconvenience on more than one occasion. it is good enuff for a night or two maximum. But I am looking around for more amenities for the money next time because I have grown tired of the lack of attention to basic hotel detail.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	1	

<Author>Bmillan
<Content>Not my favorite.       View from my other room.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	2	3	

<Author>Quinion
<Content>Not the handiest base for sightseeing. We stayed here for three nights.Our room was on the tenth floor at the front overlooking the street. The windows were not double-glazed and it was a bit noisy. Also the bedding was very warm which didn鈥檛 help when it came to sleeping.Apart from this the room was clean and comfortable and the aircon unit was good.We ate dinner one night in the hotel鈥檚 Interlude Bar and Grill and found the food and service to be good and the prices reasonable.The service and choice at breakfast was good too.The position of the hotel is not the greatest when it comes to sightseeing and the area around the hotel is a bit run down.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>naticatty
<Content>Loved It!!!!! I stayed there for 3 days,2 nights and loved it!!!It's close to everything it's clean and safe, the bathrooms are clean, they change your towels only if you throw them on the floor (to reduce spending water and save the planet! \0/ ) and the guest service was nice.The man at the front let us get our room 3 hours before our check in! I was so happy!!!I am going again there this thanksgiving, and can't wait to see one of my favorite cities, at my favorite hotel!!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rossco747
<Content>Comfortable but noisy hotel       Van Ness looking south  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>L0uL0u23
<Content>Good hotel       View from the hotel room  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>whimbrelboy
<Content>Nice Place to Stay Excellent place to stay to experience San Francisco. Good breakfast, freindlly helpful staff. Try the Grubsteak Restaurant on Pine (around the corner - highly recommended).  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jamaine1066
<Content>A bit in the middle of nowhere Our first visit to SF and found it quite confusing at first. It was not as close to the city centre as we had been led to believe.The hotel is in Van Ness so good transport links, even next to the California Street cable car. Don't bother trying to walk anywhere, it is all up and down.Breakfast was always in the New Village Cafe, much cheaper than the hotel itself and the only place we found that could make a decent cup of tea! They even opened early on the day we left!Overall okayish, but probably would not go there again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NJTRAVELER4097
<Content>nice hotel would stay again Nice hotel in good location. Easy transportation to Fisherman Warf. Not much in walking distance. Large room with great view.Ruth's Chris across street.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jgms4
<Content>What a Surprise... My father's Navy Ship Reunion was being held here. My father, sister and I stayed in one room with two beds. Not to be snooty, but I was a little wary about staying in a Holiday Inn. I had no reason to worry. First, it needs to be said...this hotel is not too attractive from the outside. It's worn looking. But it has been completely redone on the inside.  The location is very good. The cable car is right out the front door. the buses run every minute or so down Van Ness. For a good deal, you must buy a Munipass in the gift shop. One trip on the cable car without a pass is $5!! You can get a munipass for $24 for a whole week - it gets you on all cable cars, trolleys and buses. if you are a senior, ask for the discount.The view in our room was spectacular. We were high up and faced east. The whole city was laid out before us. The west facing rooms also had a nice view, but it wasn't quite as interesting and the wind REALLY blew into that side of the building.Our room was attractive. It was large enough for 3 of us, we never seemed to be in each others way. Nice marble tops on the dressers, plasma flat screen TV with HBO, outlets to charge electronics, a large empty refrigerator ( to be filled with food from Whole Foods around the corner ), nice single service coffee machine, comfortable beds with soft high quality linens, nice toiletries - except no conditioner? I loved our shower curtain.The housekeeping was perfect. They were very pleasant and friendly in the hallways. we never once had an experience where they were in our room cleaning when we wanted to be in there. Can't say I'd recommend the restaurant - it's dark, no windows and there are way too many other fantastic restaurants in the city.In summary, i found no bad side to this hotel...especially since our rate was $139/night (reunion rate).  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Britsonhol
<Content>An Average Hotel       Views from the bed!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>PG08
<Content>very disappointing Having read some of the reviews we were looking forward to our stay in this hotel but reality was very different. We were upgraded so I hate to think what the standard rooms were like. Very small room. We were on the 19th floor and the windows moved in the wind so constant noise. Not well sited - wish we had stayed at Fisherman's Wharf area. Found some reasonable restuarants nearby but nothing much else. Had to walk or go by bus to get anywhere of note.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LHR_Traveller
<Content>Reasonably priced central hotel in SF - worth a visit Having previously stayed at the Four Seasons San Francisco, I was somewhat wary about what we would experience at the Holiday Inn San Francisco Golden Gateway - I need not have worried.This stay was booked at the last minute when most hotels were either sold out or rates were eye-wateringly high - I secured this for USD235 plus tax for one night. Having read a few reviews, I decided that this sounded the better of the various Holiday Inn properties in SF.The hotel is well located on Van Ness, easy to get in and out of from US 101. Parking is reasonable (I believe) in the hotel lot at USD34 per day. Rooms were well proportioned, bed was comfortable, towels good quality, high water pressure from the shower to wake you up, fast and free WIFI in your room (password provided by Front Desk). All staff were incredibly friendly and cheery - if you need a limo, the gift shop staff will help out, they did a great job arranging one to SFO. Oh and another point - the views from higher level rooms at night were just amazing. From a value perspective, I would use this hotel again when in SF. It is not the Four Seasons, but do I think that the Four Seasons is worth more than double the cost of this hotel ? Perhaps not.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Juniper_ie
<Content>Close to the cable car Check in went very smoothly, and throughout our stay the staff were friendly and helpful. We were allocated a room next to the elevators which were quite noisy. Our room was only cleaned once in the space of 4 days. In fairness, housekeeping did leave phone messages for us each evening saying that they had attempted to clean the room but our overnight Do Not Disturb sign was still on the door. We tended to leave the room at around 11:30am each day so perhaps they only clean the rooms early in the morning?Other than that, our stay there was perfectly fine. The hotel shop stocks anything that you might need, from toothbrushes to sweaters. Breakfast wasn't included as part of our package but the choice of hot and continental breakfasts was good. The staff in the restaurant were particularly friendly.The cable car stop is right around the corner and I'd recommend it as a means of transport - the hotel shop sells tickets. There's also a Starbucks next door to the hotel, in the lobby of a bank!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Chelle1981uk
<Content>Not as good as I thought... My partner and I stayed here just last week and I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. The hotel itself is okay and in a good location - lots of buses etc and only a 30 min walk to Fisherman's Wharf - where you can book your tour for Alcatraz etc. The guy on the front desk was very nice when we arrived and our room was okay. However, we had the same problem as when we were in Hawaii, we were placed right round the corner of the lifts so could hear them churning around all the time! We also had a view of the main road which wasn't great (we were on the 14th floor). Our rooms were cleaned every day so that was good. Shower wasn't as powerful as most hotels - it seemed like we were each in there for about 45 minutes every day! We asked about a courtesy room for the Thursday we checked out as our flight wasn't until 10pm, the woman said there was then when we asked that same night to book it (think this was the Wed) a different woman said there wasn't!! Very bizarre! She said we could keep our room on until 6pm at a cost of $50 (拢25) I thought this was pretty expensive but my partner wanted to keep it on so we did. Overall, it was an okay hotel but a bit noisy for the 3 days we were staying there.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>LilyNewZealand
<Content>Great housekeeping I stayed in this hotel for three days with my son and his partner last week. The booking was done by phone, and one of my other son's was paying for this as a 'treat'. I was present when he made the reservation and he gave his credit card details and said that the reservation was for his mother, brother and brothers partner. The reservation was later confirmed by email communications. So we get to the hotel - first problem was the credit card hadn't been charged - reservations clerk said when you phone on the 0800 number they cannot charge the credit card given by phone unless the person is present. Explained this was a gift from another family member, and in actual fact from New Zealand we cannot directly ring 0800 numbers in USA and we had rung the hotel phone number. For some odd reason they had given us a bottle of champagne and two glasses (yes 3 of us staying) which of course we were charged for, and there is no way the desk people would accept we hadn't ordered this 'special'. Room service finishes too early. Going out to a reataurant we asked the receptionist for a cab to be called - receptionist suggested we hail a cab but said she would call anyway. The moment we left the lobby to hail a cab she put the phone down - obviously had no intention of following through. The hotel site states they have a 'guest laundry' - when asking where it was and what hours it was open were told that they have run out of laundry powder so it was closed. Coffee machine provided with one disposable cup (for hygiene) for three of us - no milk in fridge. Other hotels we stayed at provided small milk containers. On the positive side - excellent housekeeping - clean rooms - comfortable beds - good shower.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>1bob
<Content>Excellent Hotel Very impressed with this hotel. The front desk staff was extremely professional and friendly as were all the hotel employees I met. From my room on the 20th floor, the view was spectacular. Housekeeping was also first rate and everything was nice and comfortable. The location of this hotel is quite convenient with frequent buses on Van Ness and the California St. cable car just around the corner. One half block west on California is a Whole Foods supermarket. Definitely would like to stay in this hotel again next time I'm in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>FloridaTravelDr
<Content>Great for Groups! I was taking a group (on a low budget) to San Francisco and I had some problems finding an affordable hotel. Travelzoo had a rates for this hotel that were about 50% off the rack rate, so I snapped them up.I called to book the rooms and the reservationist was pleasant and chatty, not just a reservation robot. He reassured me this would be a great place to stay. The concierge helped set up a group charter from the airport that was fantastic.The front desk was always helpful. We got in kind of late for West Coast time (and we were still on East Coast time) and the front desk gentlemen were very friendly and check-in was a breeze. I asked the concierge and front desk staff questions throughout the stay and they were always friendly and pleasant.The rooms were clean and comfortable. While the neighborhood is really good and very safe the elevator still requires a room key swipe to go to any floor with hotel rooms, which is a nice added security feature.Public transportation abounds right outside the hotel, and just around the corner is the stop for the California line of the famous SF Cable Cars. Make sure to buy the tourist passes that provide unlimited rides on buses, trolleys AND cable cars ($5 one way without it!) and you can visit anywhere in the city and then come back to a safe, clean comfortable hotel.There are great neighborhood restaurants for all price levels all over the place, too. This hotel would be great for a variety of visitors, business, pleasure, families, and professionals. It's definitely worth the rack rate, it was just an extra special find for a group planner on a budget! I can't believe the deal we got!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EasyBob
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent Location! We stayed here for 2 nights in April. Check-in was a breeze, so friendly, made you feel so welcome! The room on the 24th floor was beautiful, with amazing views of the city! We used the hotels parking, which came to about $35 per night, but it is convienient and safe. We got a 3 day Muni pass for $18 which gives you unlimited travel on the cable cars, trams and buses, which was excellent and we saw most of the city this way.The hotel is in a very nice area, with plenty of shops and restaurants withing walking distance. The best thing about it is that the California cable car line starts and stops right outside the hotel!And while you are in SF, don't forget to do theAlcatraz tour, it is fab!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>copperbear
<Content>Was kinda worried about what I've read on here..but... Well, was kinda worried about the negative things that I've read on here about the property. But, I can honestly say I was impressed rather than disappointed. Had a great room..nice view(16th floor) and had really no complaints other than no microwave and the high internet price to go online.I booked on Priceline and knew taht in most cases those people get the crummy rooms and the higher rate rooms get the better located rooms and views etc. But...there again..not true.The rooms were large..clean and well stocked. I figured the average rate we paid was around 70.00 plus tax.Alot of places to eat on Polk street..nothing fancy..but good values. A place down the block called Sammy's Deli is great..Good coffee(1.00) and even better made to order sandwiches...forget Starbucks! Overall, was a great first visit to the city by the bay..would come back again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>UKALCATRAZ
<Content>Alcatraz We stayed at this hotel for four nights and the service we received from all staff was excellent . Aidi in the gift shop at the hotel is very helpful with arranging tours around SF and she is very friendly, she is a credit to this hotel. The location of the hotel in near to everything ie shopping, trams etc.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MammaTee
<Content>Mamma        8th Floor View  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JaySnider
<Content>Great Staff - Minus One This hotel is great; slightly above average considering bonuses such as fluffy towels, a selection of pillows, daily USA Today, and wonderful smelling shampoos.If you're a walker, the neighborhood is an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Heading down Polk Street, you'll pass interesting shops and nice residential buildings in Russian Hill.The aspect that really amazed me about the hotel was the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. I was impressed by the reservation agent when I initially made contact. Upon check in, both receptionists were fabulous! The staff in the gift shop were accomodating and supportive with directions. The concierge (with the support of a member of the maintenance staff) rated 100% in my book when he provided directions on how to navigate the bus line to Golden Gate Park.Unfortunately, on the last night of my stay at HI-GG, I experienced the very typical receptionist (middle aged, Asian female) who is only there fir the paycheck and clearly doesn't care about the hotel's guests. After feeling truly supported by the hotel's staff with my first time in San Francisco questions, her attitude was like walking into a wall, or unexpectedly hopping under a cold shower. What? Where did she come from? Perhaps everyone else had simply gone out of their way to be helpful but when I called the front desk to ask what time the city buses started running and got, I don't know. They don't give us their schedules I was a bit shocked and saddened.The internet connection is not the best but, in my book, the staff - minus one - made this hotel a place to which I would return.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>xtacine
<Content>Nuttin' wrong with the rooms, but don't try to maintain Internet connection... I stay at this Holiday Inn a couple of weeks at a time for business. It's conveniently located to Whole Foods practically across the street and Nob Hill/Pacific Heights, if that's your area of desire. The rooms are always clean, not super luxurious but efficient. No in-room safe or separate closet space, but several drawers and a wardrobe rack. Sometimes the rooms have nice terrycloth robes available. The large in-room fridge is empty, which means you can stock up on your own store-bought favorite goodies. Comfy beds, adequate lighting, perfectly acceptable bathroom facility, a window that opens (key, for fresh air). The only problem is the hotel's Internet connection. In a city like SF, you'd imagine that this would never be an issue. With this hotel, it is. If Net connectivity is of importance to you, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!! The connection is supposedly high-speed, but in reality it's worse than dialup. Management is totally clueless and despite begging, pleading and finally screaming, nothing helps. What's worse is that apparently some rooms have better connectivity than others, but neither the management nor the company that contracts with IChotels for Net services knows which ones they are. The clueless reception staff suggested to me to go from room to room with my laptop to check the connection. Like I don't have other things to do with my days here in SF. In general, the staff is pretty dismal, except for the cleaning ladies. Oh, and they don't have shoe horns or scissors available either, so if your feet swell...and you want to cut them off...too bad ;-). In all seriousness, however, if it werent' for the Internet issues, this would be an OK place. But the frustration with connection slower than what we had in the early '90s...oh God, it makes one want to scream.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	

<Author>sarahLancashire
<Content>great we stayed here for 3 nights and found it really nice, clean and comfortable. we had room service the first night which was good but fairly expensive. the bed we had was huge though and was so comfy which was definately needed after walking around san francisco all day.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ZacharyS
<Content>Not bad. Got a great rate here over New Years, staff was pleasant and the room was clean though the bathroom was a bit dated. The neighborhood is edgy and there is a great bagel place around the corner. If your interested in shopping in Cow Hollow or Japan town this is a great place, otherwise transportation is a bit difficult unless your interested in riding the cable car everywhere which is pricey at $5 each way.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bluhouse1
<Content>Glad we stayed at the Holiday Inn This is a great place to stay if you basically need a clean, safe and convenient place to spend the night. We booked two rooms through Priceline and received rates that were approximately 30 % less than booking through the hotel directly.The self-parking feature cost $38.00 but it was nice to have a secured, covered parking location. We left the car there and rode the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. You can purchase passes for the cable car (for cash only) at the hotel gift store. For an $11.00 pass, you can ride the cable car all day. I really liked the pillow menu which allows you to request a certain type of pillow, (down, body length, etc) which are brought to your room for free. I also appreciated the fact that you had to have a hotel key card in order to use the elevator to get to your room.The view from our rooms (floor 20 and 23rd) were absolutely spectacular. We spent more time just laying on the bed and enjoying the view than we did watching TV...which is unusal for us.Our rooms were right next to the elevators and yet we were not bothered by elevator noise. The hotel is remarkably quiet overall.The only complaint we have is that the beds were a bit too hard for our liking and the on-site bar was not open at 11:30 pm.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>madauntykell
<Content>Perfect base for exploring the City We started our 3 week tour of Calfiornia and Las Vegas here and were not disappointed. It is by no way luxurious and the room we had was next to the lift and small so may be insufficient for some light sleepers. Everyone was really friendly in and around the hotel. It was clean and the lifts were quite quick.But it was fine for what we wanted it for. Good restaurants in walking distance (Ruths Chris Steakhouse - huge side portions and not cheap, Village Pizzeria excellent Calzone for reasonable price) and we only tried breakfast once which wasn't great for what we paid. We went to Mel's Diner down the road instead which was excellent and 24 hours so if you're having trouble sleeping they are open.It was a stone's throw away from the California Street Cable Car and regular buses pass by.There is clearly a homeless problem in San Francisco and there were some sleeping on the streets nearby which being from London I'm ok with. Some people might find it a bit uncomfortable..  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>wrldtravlrLosAngeles
<Content>Good Location, Good Value Booked the hotel on Priceline, for $100/night. Exellent price for a decent hotel in this area. Good location, plenty of parking (rather expensive, but hey, it's San Francisco). Clean, comfortable room. Extremely dirty windows, which is a pitty, as the view would be quite interesting. Diverse crowd of people in the hotel, quite a few European tourists. Staff is very professional and helpful. Hotel is very close to Union Street which is just loaded with cute restaurants, wine bars, bistros and boutiques. All in all, good value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jobfamily
<Content>Great location A great location as you can walk to the tram stop, the only way to travel in san fransisco! The hotel is great for what you need in a city, clean comfy beds, large tv for the kids and good choice of food. A couple of nice dinners and cafe a few streets away but do not wander to far at night. we did and found ourselves about 4 streets away with down and outs. This can be un-nerving, there are a lot of homeless in SF and the majority do not bother you at all. Enjoy this truely amazing place to visit!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>purple_phoenix
<Content>Easy access to SF sites Nice, clean, place to stay. Good room. Has views on higher floors. This is a great location for easy access to San Francisco sites - it's about 10 to 15 mintues from all the major attractions. One block from Polk street, so plenty of restaurants near by. Starbucks at the end of the block and two blocks away. California street cable car ends right there.Reasonable parking a couple blocks away on Sutter street.Room was comfortable and warm.Great deal from the travelzoo.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Craxiter
<Content>Van Ness -is- the way to the Golden Gate... I echo recent comments that this is a pretty good place. The bathtub drain was blocked when we first got there but repaired the next morning. Internet was slow when all guests were there, likely since many of them were at the geophysicist's conference and heavy users of laptops/internet. That is about all I have bad to say and those are minor things.I did eat in the sports bar on the last night and it was fine. The Polk Street area offers a lot of other options (plus there is the gem in the rough of Tommy's Joynt on Van Ness). As mentioned, the New Village Cafe is a good breakfast choice, much cheaper than the hotel itself.I found all staff I dealt with very friendly, but the bell captain seemed hard to find at times.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Foxymimi49
<Content>Easy access to Bay area We were allocated this hotel by our travel company  enjoyed our stay. The room was small but adequate  was clean  comfortable. The gift shop was well stocked with basic items  souvenirs of San Francisco.The hotel staff were polite, helpful  friendly.We didn't eat in the hotel as we had been recommended to have breakfast at 'The Village Cafe' which provided an excellent meal with hot coffee or tea. For our evening meal we went to 'Grubstake' which might look a bit scruffy on the outside but served an excellent menu choice.We found that we had easy access to the bay area  the cable cars or could walk to  from this hotel  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Otonita1
<Content>Not bad at all I wasn't expecting much from a holiday inn but I was pleasantly surprised during my stay here. It was perfectly clean and presentable, rooms were spotless, bathrooms smelled fresh and the beds were very confortable.The location was great too - aside from being in the perfect location downtown, it was also close to a whole foods market, walgreens and other convienent places.The best part about this hotel is that pretty much no matter what room you stay in - you're view of San Francisco will be amazing. The higher floors even give you a view of the bay (I stayed on the 22nd floor - it was spectacular).I did have a minor problem during check-in. I arrived at 1 in the morning only to find that the room they had given me ALREADY had someone sleeping in it! I was too tired to even care (my body was at 4am eastern time). The staff was genuinly apologetic about it and acknowleged they had made a mistake.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	2	

<Author>CMM-LA
<Content>Good Value We booked this hotel because we were traveling with some friends on a budget. Normally we stay at more expensive hotels in SF but this turned out very well. Service was very, very good- from the check in person to the maid service to the bartender, every one was very polite and helpful. They gave me my priority club benefits without asking and even included our friends, whose rooms we had also booked. Rooms are very small but have nice views on either side of the hotel. Not luxury accomodation but clean and reasonably priced. Furnishings, etc are a litte older but clean and comfortable. Hair dryers, irons, etc are provided in the room. I would stay here again. Be prepared to walk quite a long way or take a cab to any tourist type destinations in the city, but it is fairly central and even walking late at night (in a group) we did not encounter a single problem. There are coffee shops, bars and restaurants very close to the hotel. I recommend Grubstake which is open until 4am, has a large menu and very friendly service.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ScottRA
<Content>Best service - worth twice the price We checked in to this hotel 3 nights earlier than planned due to poor accomodations at a previous hotel and were SO pleased we did!To be fair, I am a platinum member of the loyalty programme associated with the hotel but the staff went far beyond the benefits we would be entitled to:The duty manager was called to welcome us and check us in himself. He made sure we were comfortable and had the desk agent fetch us drinks while he organised our keys. We were given vouchers for complimentary drinks at the bar. The manager also gave us his direct line number to make sure that he could personally take care of our any of our needs. Best of all we were upgraded from a standard room (at the cheapest advance purchase price) to a fantastic suite on the top floor of the hotel with separate living room, dining area (table for six), second bathroom and our own bar. The views from the bedroom and other areas were excellent! When we returned to the hotel after an evening walk brandy had been left for us for a nightcap with a note from the duty manager on shift.All in all we got far more than we bargained for and being a surprise made it that bit more special.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonLegend
<Content>Nice Hotel in a Good Location For a Holiday Inn this has to be worth every penny. I don't know if Holiday Inns are a better quality in the USA than the UK but this one was a pleasant surprise. When I booked this hotel as part of our Honeymoon I was a little aprehensive. Holiday Inn's do not have a great rep in the UK, but I did my reaserch on Trip Advisor  it appeared to be a very good option for a buget hotel. I guess they must recoup their room rates from the on site car park. Stupidly I never checked th rate before parking  ended up paying approximately $50 a night for a 3 night stay. This was the biggest disappointment about our stay here. It left a sour taste in my mouth  my last thought after a nice stay was I had been ripped off. The hotel itself was very smart  the check in process was very organised  prompt. The room was very clean  a reasonable size. The location of the hotel is great, you have many pubs  bars within walking distance  I guess you can walk to the Fishermans Wharf area within 30-45 minutes, though we never tried it. We took the tram during our trips which you can pick up from a 5 minute walk from the hotel  then a 10 minute tram ride to the wharf area.The hotel has a lovely bar  restaurant on the top floor which has panoramic views of the city. The view from up there is magnificent. The restaurant is a little pricey, but the food was top notch. I don't mind paying a little extra for quality  this surely had that in abundance. My wife  I ended up having a lovely eveing up there enjoying the great food  view.We never encountered any issues or problems with service, other than the rude parking attendant. Who thought it was hilarious when he saw my reaction to the $150 parking bill for 3 nights. The concierge, check in  room service staff where all very friendly  helpful  cannot be faulted.The hotel seemed quite busy at all times  did have a lively buzz about it whenever we walked in to the foyer area. The rooms however were very quite  we never encountered any noise during rest  sleep times.Outside of the hotel we did the Alcatraz Tour which was superb  worth every penny. If you have never done this  have wanted too or are thinking about it then get it booked. We turned up on the day  waited approximately 1 hour to purchase our tickets  get on to the boat. I would recommend booking the tickets in advance. The boats leave every 30-45 minutes all day.We also did a tram tour of the city  took in the usual sightseeing stuff. Getting so close to the Goden Gate Bridge  driving over it was the highlight of that tour.Fishermans Wharf is a lovely area. Lots of gift shops, restaurants  coffee shops. We found it a great place to unwind after a long day shopping or doing tours.Also close by to the hotel was a superb shopping mall. Especially good for us UK shoppers with the dollar so weak against the GBP. The mall was full of shops with all the labels you can think off with lots of bargains to be had. The mall is situated right next to where you will pick up the tram to go to the Wharf area.All in all we had an enjoyable experience  would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget  don't mind travelling on the tram to the wharf area.Regards,Jason  Anne (London)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Petethomas
<Content>Great Hotel Holiday Inn San Francisco was a great hotel but If It was moved to lets say Union Square It would be a better location, the hotel was clean and the staff were really friendly, the bar was good, the food was good as well, the hotel room was clean and tidy but our view was a parking lot, we was on floor 7, all below us 1 thru to 6 was parking lots, the windows were dirty but everything else was alright, san fransisco was mostly full of poor people who always asked about have you any spare change, the hotel would be far better located at UNION SQUARE, when you go out of the hotel you kinda seem unsafe, you have to feel It for yourself without me telling you.......  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cactus_pete
<Content>typical holiday inn Stayed here for a week in late October/early November. Hotel is OK, nothing special. I saw lots of tour buses and flight crews. Rooms are OK, no free breakfast nor happy hour. View is bland as is Van Ness Blvd. Hotel is near one trendy area, Polk St. The whole area is borderline seedy. Winos opening the door for you at the Starbucks next door, adult clubs, lots of liquor stores and restaurants. There is a Whole Foods Market store across the street and a 24Hour Fitness a few blocks down. It was OK, but I would recommend looking at some of the more upscale hotels.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Tiggy1978
<Content>Great location  We have just returned from a five night stay in the Holiday Inn. Our room was on the 23rd floor and had great views of the City, it wasn't the biggest room ever but if you're out all day sight seeing its fine. The location is great as the California Line Cable Car turn around is right outside, it's also within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf or catch the 47/49 bus from right outside. The Hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the gym was handy for working off those supersize American food portions!! We didn't try the breakfast as it was pricey and there's loads of cheaper cafe's/dinner around. Try The Eagle Cafe at Pier 39 for the best breakfast ever!!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hoser9
<Content>what is everyone complaining about? I am a former Starwood Junkie, recently converted to the ICHotels brand. As a Priority Club Platinum, I must say this was MY BEST Holiday Inn experience yet. The location is GREAT, but short of AMAZING, however. It's on the corner of Van Ness and California. It's quite a bit away from Union Square, but the Cali Cable car will get there, as will the 109 south to market with a transfer on the muni rail. That being said, there's plenty to do in the vicinity; there are lots of good sit down/take out places, and a BEVMO which is two blocks south. Google BevMo and you'll see why a boozing-enthusiast like me was so happy to see how close BevMo was to this property.My traveling companion and I took the BART/MUNI from SFO to get here. We arrived in under an hour and spent $6 each. We walked into the lobby and we were promptly helped. There was no priority lineup, but a airline crew lineup. Having airline crew stay at a hotel is definitely a GOOD sign. The clerk recognized my status and offered us both some bottled water. We were placed on to the top floor. Check in was swift and without incident.Our room was great with regular Holiday Inn amenities; tv, chair, fridge (8 beer capacity), comfortable bed. The room was clean but while we were in the room, we got crazy allergies; something we thought was a bit weird for SFO in the summer. We spent the last two nights in SFO at the Westin Union Square without any allergies in their room, and we guess it was because the air filter on the heater/ac had not been cleaned. Otherwise, we couldn't complain with the room. It was nicely decorated (about mid-90s look), and no issues with cleaners. Our room was cleaned every time we returned to our room from a day of touristing-around. Service at this property was impeccable and the front-liners at this property deserve the finest in recognition. For example, one night, we got a bottle of wine but didn't have any glasses or an opener. On our way out of the room for the evening, we passed a room service guy and asked him if he could get some glasses and an opener up. He said he would do that, and the fact that we were out of our room was not an issue. We returned to the room a few hours later and were delighted to see two wine glasses, an opener placed very elegantly onto a tray AND the guy put the wine we had on some ice. Amazing, I wish I left a tip and I further wish we got the guy's name. The pool was great but kind of weird to have in SFO; it's cold every day there. The warmest it gets there is 20c. But nonetheless, it was nice to dip into for a change. A hot tub would have been nicer, in my opinion.The lobby was busy all the time, especially with airline crew from Qantas, along with the Germans and Dutch. The gift shop lady (who also sells those weekly muni passes) gave us a really bad vibe. We never checked out the bar nor restaurant because there are so many other non-touristy places within the vicinity. Everyone (except gift shop lady) and everything at this property was great and left a positive impression of what a Holiday Inn can be. I will return and I insist that you book this property. You will not be disappointed, unless you're a snob and you want the W without paying the $250 internet prepaid rates.tips:-for a fun and cheap night of boozing; head out to the tenderloin, it's not THAT bad, and the characters you will meet FAR outweigh the grubbiness. just don't look like a bloody tourist complete with shorts, camera around neck, and lonely planet guide-there is a whole foods, located one block WEST down california and van ness; it's kinda hidden-any pizza place on van ness is good, there's a place on california a few blocks EAST that's good as well-breakfast at grubsteaks or the polk st diner is a sure bet-bev mo = amazing. if you thought you got a deal at duty-free, haha, well... go to bevmo. for example, canadian beer here is about half the price of canadian beer in canada. -get all your snacks at bevmo, NOT the rip off convenience stores on van ness that are near the hotel. -save on ATM fees; buy a piece of fruit and get $200 cash back from walgreens for no fee-the cleaners (forget the name) three blocks EAST down california is awesome. have them do your laundry; wash and fold for my entire wardrobe was something like $10 and it was done within 24 hours.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GonzaloMiami
<Content>The best one in the city Me and my wife choosed this hotel for our honney moon in SFO, and I have to say that it麓s simply perfect, it麓s very well located, you have a trolly station right behind the corner, the room was great, really clean, and the people at the reception really kind with us. The only thing that I didn麓t liked was the breakfast, you pay a lot for a normal breakfast (it麓s not a great buffet), and we realized that it麓s much better to have breakfast outside. Also, don麓t buy your tickets in the gift shop, they charge you a lot more money, for example, we had to pay $28 for a 3 days transportation ticket when it really cost $18. And also we wanted to rent a car and they wanted to charge us $60, but we found out a placeright next to the hotel where we rented a car for 20, and it was the same company that the gift shop was offering us!!! So don麓t trust theese people. I really loved the hotel, if I go to SFO again, I麓ll stay there  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Natheo
<Content>Worst Hotel ever seen Very old and badly maintained hotel, just tidy. Unfriendly staff (except the shop keeper who's very helpful), special mention to the manager who is especially rude and unhelpful to his guests. On the whole, a very expensive and desappointing place. To avoid by any means!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeff1232
<Content>Very Nice Hotel This is a very nice hotel with great views.The front desk staff is excellent.The rooms are recently renovated with new carpet, bed linens etc. They do not have the Marriott or Sheraton type beds. It's the old style polyester bed spread and blanket.The airconditioner is the kind that is in the window. Not central air. It worked well and didn't make too much of a racket.The hotel was quiet and comfortable.It's a block or two from the bus line and maybe 8 blocks to the waterfront.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>5634
<Content>Great Views! We stayed for 5 nights on the 23rd floor. The views of the city skyline are fabulous from this floor,however if any of your party is afraid of heights then go for a lower floor. The staff at check in were very firendly as was the concierge. The loaction is not downtown, but there is a cable car stop right across the street from the hotel.If you need to get to downtown then jump on the California Street line and get off at Grant Ave ( China town). We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but there is a great breakfast diner called Bob's on the next street across which does great French Toast.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iklemisdynomite
<Content>Dump..Find Somewhere Else! The hotel was nowhere near the Golden gate , nor could it be seen from any window!In fact there were no views apart from high rise buildings in an area that you couldnt go out at night or should i say we were advised not too!Even during the day, it is not a nice area!Of course when booking this, we had been totally misled by UA!We had to change rooms 3 times within 18 hours!The rooms were dirty, beds uncomfitable, curtains filthy and covered in midew along with some of the walls!The so called air conditioning, was noisy, dirty and did not work very well so it was really cold when we wanted heat!After changing rooms twice, the manager, yes, he was really very helpful, i believe only due to myself telling him, to get me on the first flight home and also UA misleading him .We had booked two adjoining rooms for my husband and me and our two kids, UA confirmed this then went back on their word!The manager finally had two adjoining rooms , after also upgrading us to so called excutive rooms! (the 3rd rooms we finally changed too) steamed cleaned and we then had to wait for about 6 hours for these rooms to dry out! After flying in from Hawaii, we were tired and just wanted some sleep, yet due to dirty bedding etc... this was not to be.In fact because we flew in at night, the first room my husband and i shared, we had to share a very small double bed, bot even 5ft due to UA errors.Luckily my children were in better ajoining rooms if better means clean beds?After finally getting our 3rd rooms, yes they had been cleaned but certainly they must have been dirty to begin with, as they were still dirty and smelly and midew on curtains and other places!Yes some of the staff were very nice, as i said the manager did try to help but this hotel ruined our last few nights in the USA!I have always wanted to go to San Francisco but i just wanted to come home!If i ever went back it certainly would not be to this so called hotel!Also the pool was shut, mind you it was cold so what with the pool outside, my kids didnt want to go in it nor would they as this was also dirty!Sorry but i would never rcommend this hotel even if they paied me millions!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Gixer600
<Content>Golden Gateway San Francisco Suoerb Hotel we have just spent 10 Days at the Golden Gateway and hvae nothing but Praise for the hotelThe Hotel is perfectly situated for all the major sights in the city The rooms were always clean and the staff were always helpful and obliging they couldn't be faultedThe meals in both the resteraunt and the sports bar were excellent and served with a cheery face and we were always treated really well And the breakfast really was a good start to your dayThe facilities were excellent even to providing towels in the gym and pool area's the 2 Ladies in the foyer gift shop were brilliant for anything we required from trips out to providing us with a Lincoln Limo to take us to the airport on our departure once again making us feel specialAll in all a Great Hotel and thanks to all for your help in making our stay memorable for all the right reasonsD Purvis from England  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>KDBUK
<Content>Great hotel, great location We (2 girls) stayed here for 5 nights before moving onto LA. I'd seen some bad reviews for this hotel on here so i was slightly concerned. I didn't need to be! The rooms were very clean and very comfortable. It even had a fridge!The staff were always very pleasant and helpful, pointing us in the right direction of places, but they did also provide us with a map of the area so we didn't need to ask too many times. The restaurant (both breakfast and evening) were always very polite, quick to serve you, and possibly sometimes a little over enthusiastic - but very good service. The location of the hotel is great! It's on Van ness Avenue which seems to be one of the main streets in the heart of the city. The California line cable car terminates just round the corner but we also found most things to be in walking distance. We walked to Fishermans wharf, China Town, Pacific Heights, ATT park, the main shopping area - all from the hotel. We really enjoyed walking everywhere as it meant we didn't miss anything. All i will say is though - be prepared for the hills!!! Oh my god some of them are steeeeeep!!!!!! The only place we bused it to was the Golden Gate Bridge - but even the bus routes were so easy to understand.Overall a very enjoyable stay in SF - i would definitely stay at the Holiday Inn again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>IHeartHotels
<Content>Nothing Special       The $32 Burger  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>MDTravelerrrr
<Content>Great Place to Stay!! When looking for a downtown SFran location at a reasonable rate, this is a wonderful place to stay...very close to the cable car ride on the California line...and comfortable accommodations, good restaurant too!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bugsymal0ne
<Content>overall a good experience This was a very plesent hotel overall - the best rooms are probably the ones that have their own entrance to the pool area..Staff were all very nice with the exception of one in the resturant who had a loud voice and was rude when I asked for discount for my daughter which we had received the day before .Buffett was good value for money and well presented.The gem for us was Ruth Chis stakehouse across the road in Van Ness - The best steak i have ever tasted ! Would most definately go back....it had a cosmopolitan feel to it and I was glad we were away from the hustle of Fishermans Wharf  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>medicmom
<Content>Average Value, Nice Location Our family of 4 stayed here for 2 nights Aug.1 and Aug. 2, 2007. The positives are clean rooms, good location for using public transportation, friendly staff. Negatives: rooms are fairly dark, with no overhead lighting- only table lamps. There was no exhaust fan in our bathroom, which gets pretty steamy when 4 people are taking showers! The advertisements boast spectacular views, which was a big disappointment! I had requested a corner room based on other reviews, or a room with a nice view, which we didn't get. We paid $388.00 for 2 nights, plus $73.00 for parking. I would try a different hotel next time. If you do stay here, I would recommend the Polk Street Station for breakfast. It is a small diner just a short walk around the corner at Polk and Pine Streets. Nothing fancy, but much cheaper than the hotel with the same quality food, and nice local folks running it.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ladyNewJersey
<Content>Outstanding Really nice, clean, great security. You couldn't get on the elavator to the guest rooms with out the room access card. right next to the cable car stop for ease of seeing the sights. I had a room next to the elavator but never heard any noise. Good sized, not small and not hugh. I am a business women traveling alone and was comfortable walking around on nearby streets or to local attractions. Parking and the buffet breakfast prices were out of of line (high) . I didn't use those servides Room price wasn't the cheapest, but also not the most expensive, so great value The staff was helpful, a problem with an electrical outlet in the room was fixed the same day reported and the staff called to confirm.Rose New Jersey  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Beware Of Best Rate Guarantee I booked this hotel and then found a cheaper rate on another website. Knowing about the Best Rate Guarantee I submitted a claim to the hotel. First I received a response stating that the other website was a bidding site and I did not find out what hotel I would be staying at until after I had paid the balance and as a result they would not match the price. THIS WAS NOT TRUE. I advised the hotel that it was in fact, not a bidding site and that immediate confirmation regarding the hotel, rate and dates are provided by the other hotel booking site (AlphaRooms) upon making my booking. I then received another reply from the hotel stating that the website I used does not confirm the hotel for 48 hours and the rate I saw was not publically available, AGAIN, NOT TRUE. I confirmed with the cheaper site that in fact IMMEDIATE confirmation is supplied to me and a voucher for the stay is immediately sent to me. So please be aware that it seems IC Hotels will do anything not to honour their Best Rate Guarantee. Oh yes, I cancelled my booking with the Holiday Inn too, if this is how they treat their prospective guets I hate to imagine how they treat you when you get there.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Spaceman58
<Content>Pretty good place to stay We stayed in three different hotels in the San Francisco area in July 2007, and the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway was probably the best of the three. Clean, large rooms, attentive staff, and a great location add up to make this place worthy of a return.The downside? Extremely crowded. Numerous tour groups from Germany and Netherlands were there. It seemed like tour buses were loading and unloading at the front door on a continuous basis.Other pluses: Just steps from the California Street cable car stop, and Muni buses are also available right on Van Ness. Good restaurants are a short walk away, including Mel's, Kyoto Sushi, and the excellent House of Prime Rib.The front desk staff was attentive and polite. The breakfast buffet was expensive, but moderately good. Excellent coffee.This Holiday Inn is a good value in a city of over-priced hotels. Well worth a stay.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Family-reviewer
<Content>Good location, great rooms. Very comfortable, clean rooms. Good location next to cable car terminal on California Street. Helpful, knowledgeable front desk and gift shop staff. Excellent buffet breakfast. The restaurant was always busy at breakfast time, but tables readily available, and buffet well-stocked and replenished regularly. Waiters/ waitresses friendly and helpful. Small swimming pool, big enough for a refreshing dip at the end of a busy day sight-seeing.We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>luigi78
<Content>Totally Sufficient       Golden Gate Bridge from Lombard Street  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>adentons
<Content>Over Charged I was a vendor at a trade show that was held in this hotel. It is only natural that I would stay in the same hotel that the trade show was at. When I made the reservation I inquired about a block rate for the show and was told that there were no arrangements made for the vendors. I was quoted a AAA rate of $197.10 for Friday and $170.10 for Thur/Sat/Sun. A little high but decided to book the reservation. On Monday I received my bill under the door and was SHOCKED to see that my 4 night stay without any incidentals was $1,011.82. That breaks down to 3 nights at $215 and one night at $245 and $124.42 for taxes. Knowing that they have a 100% guarantee, I was sure they would fix the error at the front desk. NOPE!! I asked to see a manager. A moment later the manager on duty (who after talking with me for several minutes admitted that he in fact was the night auditor and not a manager) said that I would need to speak to a manager when he came in. I agreed and went outside to catch my shuttle to the airport. While waiting for the shuttle I was telling my story to another vendor that was waiting for her shuttle and she informed me that there was a vendor rate of $129.00 a night. AHHHH!!! I called the manager's direct numer two times the following day. No response.... I finally just called the front desk and asked for the manager on duty. A manager came on the line and was very curt and interrupted me several times while I explained myself. I immediately was at fault because I signed a paper at check-in that had my quoted rate. He expalined that there was a special rate for vendors but he said I didn't book the room soon enough to get the vendor rate and according to his records my bill was correct and was not in need of adjustment. I persisted and he finally asked to call me back after he looked into it. I agreed. He called me back and agreed to give me the quoted rate even though the hotel was booked solid that weekend (?) and I signed the contract at check in hmmmmm? He didn't admit error, he just agreed to make the adjustment because he decided to take my word for it. I asked for the vendor rate for my trouble and he raised his voice at me what trouble! He ended the conversation by hanging up on me. Very professional.Check your rate at check in and double check your final bill Don't leave this hotel until you get a solid resolution to your problem. The room was clean although the tub didn't drain while showering. No vending or ice machines on my floor. The $25 steak I ordered from room service was about a 1/4 thick. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	3	

<Author>pwoods1
<Content>Nice hotel - good views       View from 26th Floor  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Bigtings
<Content>Decent value - good location but older place Overall, a pleasant 4 night stay. Hotel's location is good, seconds from a cable car stop and had several good places to eat at a walking distance. We had a rental car and found the hotel to be proximal to the main tourist attractions. The hotel is on the older side - one major problem was our hotel key/card needed updating in the middle of our stay, this was very inconvenient considering you needed the key to get in and out of the garage and elevators.Overall, a decent value.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LesterB
<Content>Had a good stay overall Just spent 4 days at the Golden Gateway, husband on business and I was sightseeing.Room on 20th floor very clean, though kind of small. Wireless access worked great. Housekeepers came each day while we were at breakfast. They were VERY friendly. No line at front desk ever, the bellman's desk was always staffed and they were very cheerful about giving tourist info. Fast elevators, easy to find a parking place. I did notice the lobby always had several security- type people on duty and after a few walks up Van Ness I realized the neighborhood wasn't the safest. We actually had to step over a sleeping hobo on the sidewalk each morning on our way to Starbuck and we were panhandled aggressively a few blocks away (of course this is not the hotel's fault but I did get weary of it.) Noticed soooo many Europeans staying at this hotel. They were fun to talk to.Was able to print boarding passes for free in the pricey Business Center but did not use their online services as I had a laptop with me in the room (and I really did appreciate the free wireless).Lots of bus lines plus the cable car nearby. Lots of funky, fun places to eat in Polk Village.Making simple transactions in the gift shop was exasperrating (had to buy Muni passes and a few Cokes several times.)LOVED the WHole Foods up the street for take-out lunches.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>osln
<Content>good value and location Date: June 1-3, 2007Reviewer: A tripadvisor readerWe seemed to have a better experience than the previous few reviewers. We had a small problem with registration, as my husband and I have different last names. The clerk and manager offered us water for our wait, and gave our sons baseball cards. They were completely professional and as fast as they could be. Several times over the several days we were there we asked questions of the staff at the desk and were waited on promptly and professionally. We asked for a room with a good view and were given one on the top floor. The room was reasonable for the price - clean with a refridgerator and microwave. Our only complaint was that we weren't given drinking glasses and only 3 towels. This was remedied quickly.I didn't notice unusual amounts of street noise, and we didn't mind being away from Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel is on Van Ness Avenue, which allows easy access to Fisherman's Wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge. Also, we liked it's access to less expensive eating places, such as the Polk Street Station (good, cheap diner food) and Victor'sPizza, which delivered to our room. These were good deals while traveling with our 6 and 8 year old boys. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alfanumeric
<Content>Too far away from the Action Front Desk need not exist as it appears to serve no purpose or no-one.Room was OK, but bikers like the roads outside and you can't avoid the noise no matter how high you are and we were on the 22nd floor.Had a serious problem with the guy who ran the Interlude bar and his appaling attitude. So bad that I reported him to the manager who had a word in his ear.Wouldn't recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Piacentini
<Content>Great Hotel. Me and my wife arrived at the Holiday Inn on may 3rd. I asked for a higher flor room with corner view prior to our arrival, by e-mail. At check-in, they granted us a wonderful 18th floor corner apartment, wich has a stunning bay view, with a king bed. The room was very nice. Clean, with white and clean linens and various pillows and blankets, the bed was very nice. The room has plenty of space, and a very nice bathroom. The hotel麓s garage is too expensive (36 dollars per 24 hour period). I recommend trying the garages nearby (ask for the lis at the front desk). The location at the Van Ness Ave turned to be a great choice, because is close to everything in town. There is a cable car spot just around the corner at. California Avenue.The hotel has nice restaurants, but there were various options for breakfast and dinner nearby (try the Grubstake).The only problem we experienced at this hotel was the bathroom door: one night it has locked from inside, and the nightshift clerk didn麓t helped us a bit. We had to pee at the lobby restrooms all night long, and wait until morning, when the maintenance send a guy to open the door, which has a malfunction in the lock. The rest went very fine.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>4cees
<Content>Standard Big City Hotel I had a corner room on the 15th floor, and the view was good (not great). The rooms were clean and the bed comfortable. The service was mostly terrible. We waited almost half an hour to check in and out (to get a receipt). We made 6 phone calls for service of some sort (housekeeping, room service, front desk), and 4 were rolled over to voice mail with no return phone call. The location right next to the cable cars was nice.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	2	1	3	

<Author>buggins7
<Content>Nice place/nothing special This was a good place to base ourselves for a 2 night visit. We were really only in the hotel to sleep, so difficult to assess all the facilities, but our room was clean and reasonably proportioned for a city hotel. View from our room (23rd floor) was superb !Two things to recommend it -1) It's at the california street cable car turnaround so easy to get a ride on this san franciscan experience.2) It's only a few blocks from Japantown - great for the teppanyaki fiends in our familyIf you don't do walking or public transport then you may be better to spend more and get closer to the centre, but we enjoyed the chance to walk through the city to get to the sights - Union Square, Fishermans Wharf, Embarcadero, etc. Gave us a chance to take in the special atmosphere of the place.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>meimer
<Content>Disappointed We had read all the reviews before checking into this hotel, but were still quite disappointed once we got in our room 鈥?the room was very small and old, the wall below the window had mold because of the condensation on the window, the little refrige almost tipped over from the shaky rack when we tried to open the door, the toilet bowl had crack lines, and there was pinkish soap scum in the shower walls鈥?it wasn鈥檛 easy for us stay there for 3 nights鈥?br/>We thought we had gotten a good deal for a 3-star hotel from Priceline, but this Holiday Inn is more like a motel to us. The hotel wasn鈥檛 very accommodating either 鈥?we asked whether we could have a small microwave delivered to our room for our 2-yr old鈥檚 diet needs, the answer was a simple 鈥渘o鈥? Maybe because of its good location and relatively low rates, this hotel was quite busy during our stay there, we could hear people running and laughing in the hallway around midnight. We will not consider returning to this Holiday Inn if the quality of the rooms and services don鈥檛 improve.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	4	

<Author>parobbo
<Content>Good value hotel Excellent value for money - good sized rooms and staff efficient and helpful. Only downfall was the staff in shop - not very polite and very abrupt re arranging trips - found it better to do it ourselves at kiosk on Pier 39. Bar staff REALLY FRIENDLY and helpful as where restaurant staff. Good position for the trams - right outside the door - make sure you get three/five day pass (available from hotel shop) as excellent value. If visiting alcatraz book on internet as very popular - I did it through Gray travel who have an excellent internet site. SF excellent place - has everything - try to visit theGolden Gate Park - lovely Japenese Gardens. Mona Lisa restaurant excellent if you like Italian. Certainly a city for everyone. Had no trouble checking in - very efficient - even though we arrived early. Thanks for good stay  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>LondonLynn
<Content>Adequate, but front desk is chaotic I stayed here for six nights with a group of friends. Our rooms were adequate - nothing special, but pretty good value for money. My biggest complaint is about the front desk, which is hopelessly understaffed, chaotic, and almost always had long queues. Check-in took ages because the clerk was very slow. We gave the front desk advance notice that we were expecting a parcel to be delivered, but when it arrived they apparently refused to accept it, and it was returned to the sender. They couldn't explain how or why this had happened. We also had problems with the free wireless internet access, which was far from reliable. Had to pay a $150 deposit to use a signal booster for my laptop, but this didn't solve the problem. Apparently the signal on the higher floors (I was on the 25th) isn't very good, so if you're travelling for business purposes and internet access is crucial, be warned! The location is good. There are convenient cable-car and bus links, as well as lots to do locally. Polk Street, which runs parallel to Van Ness, has cheap and cheerful restaurants and some lovely shops. Go down Pine or California and turn left onto Polk for the best options. Turning right there aren't as many options, and late at night this stretch of Polk was a bit seedy.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	3	2	

<Author>luv2travel30
<Content>Great Location First of all, I got a great deal, so ofcourse I was skeptical, however, it was a very pleasant stay. I was there for one week, a family of 4, and I was worried about the comfort of one room, but it was clean, and large enough to accommodate us. Nothing fancy, but well kept considering. The hotel is very busy, however, I have no complaints of the staff. We got extra towels, shampoo, whatever we needed, and the front desk staff was helpful in giving suggestions and directions. As it is located on a major street, if your room faces towards the street, it could get noisy in the early morning due to rush hour traffic, but we were usually up already anyways. The BEST thing about this hotel is location. We were next to the trolley car, and a bus stopped right outside the hotel. The best suggestion I can give is to buy the transportation passes for 7 days, you can get on everything for $24 per person, and the trolley rides alone are $5 each way. If you spend just a little time studying the bus routes, which are easily shown on the map, you can figure out how to get every where, and they pass by constantly, very reliable. If you rent a car, parking at the hotel will cost around $35 a night. There is a place on Sacramento, 1 block down, where you can park the car at night for $20 only.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dogboy87
<Content>Great Bargain Hotel This is a great bargain hotel. There's nothing particularly exciting or fabulous about this hotel: it's a generic Holiday Inn. The rooms are a bit on the small side (or standard size if you're used to SF and NY hotels) but the view from the room is pretty stunning. If you're looking for a hotel with lots of bells and whistles then stay elsewhere but if you want a clean, safe place at an excellent price then this is it.If you're planning your first visit to SF I suggest staying at one of the Union Square hotels. Those rooms will cost you twice as much but it will be a lot more convenient. However, for those who know the city fairly well, this location is perfect. A cable car line stops 1/2 a block away. The #1 Bus Line is also right there. Plenty of places to walk to (assuming that walking up to a mile is not an issue ... my parents, who are in their 60s, might consider some of the walks a bit long).  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>PattySouthFlorida
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! My family and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights while on a vacation to San Francisco in March, 2007. We had two rooms and couldn't have been more pleased. The rooms were clean and spacious. The view from the 20th floor was amazing. Every staff member that we encountered was friendly and helpful. There is a cable car stop right around the corner and a bus stop right in front so getting around is simple. We did have a rental car which we parked in the garage ($32 a night, which other people have mentioned) and the garage was safe and offered in and out privileges. We did need a car as we took a ride to Muir Woods and up to Twin Peaks, and around Golden Gate Park. Navagating the streets wasn't too bad, but being from flat Florida, the hills were a little scary! There is a little diner called Polk St. Station around the corner to the east, and they have delicious and cheap breakfasts there. The lady that runs it is very friendly too. I recommend this place for breakfast rather than the hotel restaurant, which is pricey. I definitely would recommend the Golden Gateway to anyone going to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monkeytrashman
<Content>Great value for the area.       Sunset looking out our hotel room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>somuchworldtosee
<Content>Great 3 Star Hotel I definitely recommend the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway hotel in San Francisco.The staff is very nice and accomodating. The room was very clean, well-kept and up-to-date. The bed was very comfortable.I had a room on the 18th floor with a city view that was magnificent.I was impressed with this 3 star hotel. The location was fantastic...there are movie theatres, restaurants, bars and entertainment very close to the hotel in any direction you chose to go.My only complaint(s) were....to use the Computers in the business center cost 49 cents a minute, which to me is a little pricey, yet if you had your own wireless pc, then wireless internet was free.....and the bar/lounge in the hotel closed much too early for us to take advantage of (closed at 11:00 p.m. even on Fri  Sat). I purchased the hotel thru PLine so only paid $70/night, so I was quite satisfied. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Bumblelion
<Content>Wondeful hotel, very clean and excellent helpful staff We stayed in the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway from 8th Feb till 13th Feb and cannot fault this hotel. The location is ideal for the California Tramline and the buses to get around most of the city can be caught within a short walk from the hotel. We requested a room on a high floor and were allocated the 21st Floor, which had amazing views over the city. All of the staff at the hotel were exceptionally polite and helpful and when we requested for the room not to be cleaned, a message was always left from housekeeping in case anything was needed. Room service was always delivered quickly and hot - which can often be a problem in some city hotels. Overall, this hotel is an ideal base to explore the city and the staff are more than happy to help with even the smallest request or question. We will be more than happy to stay here again, in fact we are already planning our next trip !  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachbeartop
<Content>Great Staff; Great Breakfast Arrvied early, but room was ready and check in was quickRoom and all the property was very cleanEasy access to all parts of the cityStaff were very helpful with every request I madeEnjoyed the breakfasts in the Hotel Restaurant every morning.Room was always clean and ready when we returned in the afternoon.Maids did not wake us by knocking on the door when our do not disturb sign was out.I receommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rotter
<Content>Great deal, fabulous neighborhood I first stayed here last year when Hotwire chose the hotel for me. I liked it so much that I chose to return. It's the best value I've come across in 15 years of SF travel (about $80 a night, via HW/PL). It nails all of the compulsories: clean, well-maintained rooms, plenty of guest services, and a friendly, competent staff. I routinely saw airline flight crews checking in and out, which is always a good sign. A standing contract with an airline gives a hotel an extra incentive not to slack off on maintenance or housekeeping.Free, reliable WiFi knocks another $15-$20 a night off of your overall expenses.The star of the show, for me, is the neighborhood. Just south of Russian Hill, the hotel is surrounded by terrific little restaurants to grab a cheap but sensational breakfast or lunch before heading out, and plenty of places to get some dinner or a slice of pizza whenever you get back (including a diner that's open until 4 AM). Plus there's a Walgreens and a Staples just a block away, for stocking your room up with snacks, toiletries, and other supplies when you arrive.Only two negatives. Walking back to the hotel late at night, I could count on seeing a few homeless folks bedded down in doorways on adjacent blocks. That's not at all unusual for San Francisco, of course, and at no point did I ever feel the slightest bit unsafe. But if you're unusually put off by that sort of sight, it's something you might want to know.Second negative is that you're about a 30 minute hilly walk from downtown. If you're in town for a conference at the Moscone Center, you'll probably have to arrange for cabs every morning at the front desk. But if not, you're just a cool, 20-minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and Fort Hood and other upper-peninsula attractions.Overall, this is precisely the sort of hotel I'm hoping for when I'm paying my own travel expenses. It offers everything I want and need, with none of the fussy W-style frills that only serve to quadruple or quintuple the nightly rate.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MrFoxBox
<Content>Nice Stay - Gets Better Each time       Standard Room - 2 Beds  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bearflorida
<Content>Golden gate holiday inn was awful. My husband and I spent 2 nights here late December and booked through Priceline. I emailed the hotel directly weeks ahead of time and requested a king bed and was told no problem. When we arrived at the hotel there was only one man behind the desk and a line of about 12 people waiting to check in. Then iI was given an attitude about the fact that we booked on Priceline and that we were to get a queensize bed and the direct bookings were getting the kings. They said if i had the email of my request they could do something but we didn't think we needed to carry proof. Big Mistake.Then we were given a room right by the elevator. Noise all morning. No ice maker on floor 10 and 30 bucks a night to park.This is not a 3 star hotel in my opiniion but a 2.Wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	4	3	

<Author>probcauz
<Content>Great price, free internet, transitional neighborhood We stayed for one night to shop San Francisco after a Christmas family reunion in Monterey. The hotel staff was friendly and our 19th floor non smoking room was small but quiet and well appointed and the king bed comfortable. Parking was expensive, but we used the in and out privileges for 24 hours, even after we checked out. I love that the WIFI, the fridge, and the coffeemaker are free at hotels like this and cost $$ at higher end hotels. Got a great rate through Priceline. Go to a local pub rather than the hotel lounge, the service is poor and the drinks expensive, even during Happy Hour. Coffee is $6.95 a cup and the elevators only work if you swipe your room key so the street folks won't hang out. You'll be stepping over sleeping vagrants as you walk the neighborhood. Nothing dangerous, but sad and not somewhere I'd take young kids or my grandmother. It is easy to catch a cablecar from the hotel and there are convenience stores, diners, delis, pubs, and a gorgeous movie theater steps from the front door on Van Ness.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Robden
<Content>noisy little rooms As soon as I booked this hotel on priceline, I called the hotel and asked for a high floor as I knew it was on a busy street. When I arrived I was given a tiny little room in the corner on the lowest floor containing guest rooms, facing the street. I asked for a room on a higher floor, but the staff person told me they were all booked up, which I doubt seeing as the hotel looked empty and I doubt they would be giving away $65 rooms on priceline 3 days before if they were that booked. The room was awful. top of the parking garage was right outside our window and the very busy Van Ness street was right below that, we were woke up early both mornings by traffic. It was so small there was barely room to place our bags. We rented a car the night before we left and asked to pay for one night parking, but they charged us for parking for the entire stay, but finally did correct that problem.I am sure the stay would have been fine if we did get a better room, just beware if you got the room on priceline.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	3	

<Author>waifsandvagrants
<Content>Beware the elevator One cannot deny that this is a reasonably priced hotel. We payed $100 through priceline for a five night stay. We changed rooms the first night as we were put in a room right by a roof. Our change was to the 23rd floor where we were put right by the elevator. This is quite similar to sleeping under an airport with planes landing every few seconds. Because of our busy schedule we did not have the energy to change rooms again but my advice to future guests is to request to be as far away from the elevator as possible. The proximity to the elevator on the weekend also allowed us the pleasure of a drunken frat-house party who were having fun punching every floor on the elevator and running around the halls shrieking. Another pleasure on the elevator....a very stoned kid trying to force us to eat his nachos!So enough about the elevators. The rooms are fine if you do not have to spend much time in them. The staff was okay. The parking is $35 a night. The internet in the business center is unbelievably expensive...I think fifty cents a minute. The location is not the best as a walk downtown pretty much involves a walk through the tenderloin. I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Martine50
<Content>A gem of a hotel Stayed for 3 nights at The Holiday Inn Golden Gateway.From the moment we arrived this hotel could not have gone out of its way any more . I requested a high floor and was given the 23rd floor with amazing views of this fantastic city. Rooms were immaculate and the housekeeping staff so helpful and polite, had a little problem with the overflow on the toilet. They were there within 5mins , nothing was too much trouble.If I ever go back to this city I will most certainly stay in this hotel, The location was superb. and its staff could certainly teach some other hotel staff how to treat guests. Thank you Holiday Inn for contributing to making our stay in San Francisco so enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Star1405
<Content>Fabulous hotel We stayed in the Holiday Inn for 3 nights. I have to say I have high expectations and this hotel met them. The room we had was on the 23rd floor so we had spectacular views! we had a room with two very good sized comfortable double beds. Bathroom was highly immaculate and our stay was very comfortable.Staff were friendly and helpful, we had a leaking shower which was fixed immediately and front desk were very helpful in accommodating us for extra nights as at first we didn't want to stay in the Holiday Inn. Location was fab too and the best thing was that the rates are really cheap! Highly advised.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skaterlady
<Content>Great place to stay, great location I thought this was a great place to stay -- clean room with a coffeemaker, iron and hair dryer, amazing view (I was on floor 20), and perfect location to travel anywhere in the city. I'd stay there again. The only reason I didn't give it an excellent is because I switched rooms twice: I booked a last minute package through Site59.com and requested a high floor (by calling the hotel directly)...they gave me a tiny room on a high floor but right behind the extremely loud elevators. There was no way I could deal with the elevator noise all night so I asked to move, then they gave me a handicapped room with a bathroom that hadn't ever been renovated and smelled like mold. I was ready to bail on my reservation and trash them here, but they very nicely apologized and gave me a great normal room (I was very polite when I requested that they move me again or cancel me, and the bathroom was disgusting).So I forgive them for that slip on night one because the rest of the trip was perfect and people were very helpful and friendly. Just don't take a handicapped room or one behind the elevators.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>KEVINEAGLE
<Content>Not Bad We were pleasantly surprised at the value relative to most of the area properties we searched. Most of the staff was quite helpful and informative (one notable exception). The hotel was quite clean and comfortable. Our only negative comment was that the hotel decor seems stuck in the 80's--needs updating. The location was convenient for picking up the cable car line as well as city buses using the MUNI Passports (great deal).  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>KnowAll
<Content>Room with a view This was our first hotel and our next door neighbours who had stayed there on a stop over assured us it was a good place to stayOur taxi driver from the airport was concerned about the immediate area to the south but we didn't venture south of Pine Street (trip advisor advice) and we felt quite comfortable at all times. As it happened we felt really safe as our floor was swarming with police---it was a 2 day interview session for new recruits! From our window we could see a view over the bay (well from a certain angle) which was unusually fog free (heatwave) Rooms were a reasonable size and clean and comfortable, the staff were very friendly and the breakfast buffet was very welcome The only disappoinment was the rooftop pool It was small ugly looked dirty and was located in a very utilitarian areaAs for location there were bus stops and a cable car very close to the hotel and for two of our three days it was Spirit of the Earth day so all public transport was free. What timing! We also did a fair bit of walking The eating places near the hotel were unexciting but with free transport we coild eat elsewhere. The cable car stopped in the middle of China Town for example(Oh and we had booked our Alcatraz tickets in advance)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chocs1
<Content>Excellent hotel I was very apprehensive regarding my stay at this hotel follwing the reviews i read before going. However i am pleased to say all the bad reviews were completely false and must be made up by some sicko.this hotel is stunning -the staff are all very helpful and friendly.the rooms were lovely and cleanit is in an excellent location - 10 mins walk to union square, and within easy reach of public transport (a system very easy and accesible to use)i would def recommend staying here  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bama4ever
<Content>Excellent stay We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway in San Francisco. The hotel was excellent. We arrived around midnight and were exhausted after driving 14 hours. The staff were great, we were checked in and in our room within about 10 minutes of arriving. The rooms were very clean with up to date decor. The beds slept great after riding all day. There was plenty of space and our room had a refrigerator at no extra cost. Our room was on the 22nd floor and the view of the city was magnificant as well as over looking the pool. The pool, however would have been great if it had been a little warmer. Although it did not keep our 9 year old out. The cable car stop was just outside the hotel and we were always able to get on. However, the stop at Powell to change cars was not as easy. Usually the car was full by the time it reached that particular stop. Sometimes, we waited for later cars and at times grabbed a cab. We never spent more than $6-8 on the cab rides and it was worth it instead of waiting in the lines when it was cold and the kids are tired. This was a great family trip and it was made even better by all the great input from trip advisor. Parking at the hotel was great, it was $30/night, we thought a little steep, but it seemed cheaper than most. But we parked the night we arrived and did not get in the car again until the morning we left to come home. It always makes a much better vacation when the place you are using a home base is what you are expecting. This was better. Bama4ever  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>C.Parsley
<Content>You Can't Go Home My wife  I went to San Francisco in July 06 to spend our 25th and I had stayed at this hotel way back in 1976. In looking at the pictures on the Holiday Inn website, I thought its' been updated and modernized several times since my first stay in 76....wrong. Other than the FANTASTIC front desk man (Marvin) it just wasn't our cup of tea. The first room we were given was a handicap accessible room and the bathroom had a sink only hanging from the wall, no vanity....no place to put your cosmetics. My wife actually packs a rather LARGE bag with just hair stuff, rollers, curlers, flattners, blowers, gels, sprays, etc., etc., etc., so we went right back down and told Marv it ain't going to work. He apologized that we had been given the room by a junior desk clerk and agreed that a week in that room won't work. The next room we got was better bathroom wise, but not much. As I sat looking around the cramped, little room I thought to myself, this looked so much bigger in 1976 when I was a scrawny 19 year old? Anyway, along with being a shoebox, the carpet was FILTHY and it looked like a previous guest had vomited on the side of the bed and onto the carpet. I then took out my trusty laptop and proceeded to book a room at the Hilton on Kearny St. in the Financial District. It was like night and day, our room was spacious, the carpets were spotless, the furniture and decor were out of a magazine, the bathroom was to die for! Granted our rate at the Holiday Inn was just under 225.00 US a night and the Hilton was 350.00 US a night, but it was worth EVERY penny for the seven great nights in the City by the Bay. My wife and I just won't have slept a wink at the Holiday Inn, between the disgusting carpets, the cramped space, sagging bed, ratty furniture and the A/C unit that sounded like a farm tractor running next to you....we would have come home and headed for divorce court. Hope the above helps you decide on this place. Remember first impressions are not what they appear to be...the lobby and front desk area of the hotel are great, the rooms have seen better days and the entire place needs a top to bottom re-do, end of story. If you do stay here, I hope you have the pleasure of dealing with Marvin from Oakland, behind the front desk. He's a real joy and bears a striking resemblence to George Foreman!One other thing both the Holiday Inn and the Hilton stick you up for parking a car in their garage, the Holiday Inn was $ 32.00 per night on top of the $ 225.00 for the room. The Hilton was $ 42.00 per night on top of the 350.00 per night. Rather steep, but hey if you're in San Francisco your in one of the world's best cities and you pay for the best I guess.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>AlMaddern
<Content>Good central location Located right next to the start of the California Street Cable Car this Holiday Inn is in a great position for visiting all of the sights. Be aware that San Francisco is a haven for the homeless, transvestites and weirdo鈥檚 in general. All of them where harmless and friendly though.The front desk staff where excellent. Friendly and very helpful.The breakfast was reasonable but it all had that Californian fake food taste. The sports bar food was poor but the staff where friendly and the pool tables where usable. There are several great Thai, Indian, Greek and Italian restaurants in the street behind the hotel.The pool is shaded in the afternoon and freezing. Best avoided.Free WiFi throughout the hotel and an expensive business centre in the basement.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MARCIAJOHNSON
<Content>Enjoyable stay Spectacular views from bedrooms. Our's looked over pool and city. Rooms clean and comfortable. Most of staff friendly and helpful. Hotel has excellent location within easy reach of transport system. We benefitted from buying metro pass allowing unlimited travel. One of our party enjoyed the swimming pool although would have preferred it to be warmer. Air conditioning was noisy at night. Would definately recommend.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>capejoy
<Content>Excellent Start This hotel was an excellent start to our 2 months of travel in US and Canada. We stayed with them for 3 nights from 4 June and, despite it being a large, corporate hotel, all the staff were very friendly and helpful (extra brownie points to the lady in the Gift Shop who doubles as the Concierge for going the extra mile). Our room was large, well furnished and well maintained and our pre-travel request of a room high up and overlooking the bay had been granted. We made the mistake of picking up our car at the airport on arrival and thought the hotel's car parking charge was unreasonable. We didn't like the polystyrene cups on the drinks tray either, but found that they were used by a lot of hotels on our travels. If you're a tea drinker, then take your own. Apart from those 2 niggles, we enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway as it was very central and we were able to walk to most places.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paddyoski
<Content>Location, Location, Location and a View to Die For       Looking northeast from 23rd floor  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>skipkitty
<Content>Never again I was staff on a convention that took place at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway.From check-in to check-out this was a disaster. First they told me I had no reservation and quoted me considerably more for a room that night. With the exception on Marvin (thank you Marvin!) the front desk staff was unknowledgable, unhelpful and borderline rude.The next day, I had to switch rooms due to needing to stay on the same floor with the staff of my convention and the rate was different as well. This took them well over an hour to figure out, causing me and several other people to have a long wait in the lobby. The front desk staff seemed unaware of what rooms we had reserved, how many and what kind.During the convention there were charges added to the total fees for the venue that were not discussed prior and the room (the one the convension was in) was oppressively hot, despite complaints from patrons to resolve this issue.Check out went relatively smoothly.Now, I have gotten my credit card bill and they charged me for not showing up (the original reservation they couldn't find). They have promised to refund, but that is the last straw.They have not only caused me to never want to come back to that particualar location, but I do not think I'll be staying at any Holiday Inn again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Vicar36
<Content>Could have been better CONS:We stayed on the 7th floor in the corner room and boy was our room cold. Even with the heating on i found myself freezing everyday and would rush out of the bathroom as i could not bare to stay on the cold marble stones. I actually found the cleanliness of our room not very good, the 7th floor corridor needed a really good hoover every day that we were there as the floor was filthy.The gift shop oh boy that was fun to wait around for the lady to hurry up booking people onto tours so i could buy some water. I left the queue as i could not be bothered to wait any longer and went for breakfast imagine my surprise when i came back half and hour later to find the gentleman who was in front of me still queuing.PROS:Great location really easy to get to everythingReally great front desk staff very helpfull and pleasantThe gift shop although the longest queues i have ever seen if you ever managed to wait for your turn she was very helpfull.Really nice places to eat round the corner.Would stay here again if we went back to SF but no way on the 7th floor in a corner room.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sjd614
<Content>Not Impressed--Especially for Business Traveler Positives: Our room did have a great view--we were on the 24th floor; room was clean and well-kept during stay; and we were permitted early check-in at 11am.Negatives: Very difficult to get on wireless Internet network (down for significant portion of stay); Customer service lacking at front desk, concierge station and gift shop; Fire alarm went off in our room and adjacent rooms at 2am for no apparent reason and after 2 hours, had to take smoke detector off wall to get it to stop ringing.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel. My wife and I stayed here from June 11th to the 15th. The hotel and its room are spacious, clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful and we enjoyed afew breakfasts in the restaurant. It has a nice bar as well which is very important to us Brits!Whilst the hotel is remote from most other touristy hotels it does enjoy a central location ideal for those happy to walk to Union Square or Fishermans Wharf. It also lies on a busy North/South Bus route and is adjacent to the cable car terminus. It is also close to some excellent restaurants that are very popular with the locals (The House of Prime Rib being one).We were very happy with our choice of hotel and would stay there again if we ever returned to San Francisco  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, ideally located for public transport I was a bit nervous reading all the bad reviews but we were quite happy with our 4 nights stay at this hotel. Well we didn't use the internet or the car park so I can鈥檛 comment on any of that. The hotel was ideally located for public transport with a bus stop across the street and a cable car stop right beside it. I would also recommend the 3 day MUNI pass for $18 per person that we used during our stay. The cable car is a bit expensive with a flat charge of $5 one way! So the pass is good for hopping on and off as many times as you need. The hotel staff were very friendly and courteous. The room was very clean and quite spacious for the two of us. And we even got a free fridge! We were on the 10th floor and the view was still pretty good. So all in all it was a lovely stay and I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoteljunkies
<Content>Will Never Stay at this Holiday Inn - Cheaters and Liars We didn't even get to stay here! ...And we never will. They are very insulting of my intelligence and regards for quality customer service. Trying to check in by parking in the portico was terrible to start. But the worst was when 3 different ways of booking the room came out to very different results. Let me first mention that I am aware that hotels have internet only rates. WIth that in mind, when booking the room on the internet, I was able to get a room for $107 with the Entertainment Card rate, AAA rate $134, standard rate $179. I didn't book the room in advance because I needed the room at noon for my family to check in, and I wanted to do it at noontime so that they could tell me if it were possible to check in right away. So, I called at noon and was told over the phone that the room type I wanted was not available anymore, but a lower room was available, but for the same price as the better room. For some reason, I didn't trust this person, so I drove over there since I was only a few blocks away. When I got there, the front desk person had a different story. He said the room type I wanted was available, at $179, but there were no discounts since the hotel was busy. No AAA rate, nor Entertainment, nor anything. He suggested I go back to the internet and book the rate I was getting and then come back. I told him that AAA and Entertainment are not Internet rates and I am almost always able to get at least a AAA discount at the front desk. He didn't care. He was cocky. I have never been turned away at the front desk before trying to book a room. Usually the hotels I go to will do anything to keep you there - find some sort of rate other than the rack rate! I couldn't believe it. It was insulting. I have never stayed there, and I don't know why I was making such an effort to stay there. I am a hotel junkie and like to try different hotels, especially in SF. Plus, this hoteI had a pool, which is rare in SF. I have stayed at the best and at 3 star hotels, but I know I will not try this hotel ever. For a comparable price, try the Miyako Hotel - excellent service, room decor, views and location. Also, the Comfort Inn on Lombard. My feeling is if I can get even one person who reads this to not stay at the Holiday Inn, I will feel satisfaction that they didn't really make any extra money by not booking the room to me at the discount price and by lying about availability and rates. Stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horrible hotel This hotel is horrible..it has the worst customer service I've ever encountered. The front desk staff is rude and slow. The Front Desk Managers are no where to be found.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KnoxvilleTNVolfan
<Content>Stay here! It's a GREAT PLACE! Just returned from San Francisco where we stayed at this hotel. It was clean, great location, people were friendly, room service food was great (try the chocolate cake with Haagen-Daz and hot fudge). Too cold for the pool... had a great view from the 16th floor. We bought the 3 day MUNI pass and rode and rode and rode. Cable car stop and Starbucks on the corner. It was quiet, perfectly secure, never saw any prostitutes in the lobby. I don't know where these bad reviews are coming from, but if you bid this in a package or on priceline[...] you have a steal with this San Francisco hotel. I would absolutely return! Try the Grubsteak restaurant around the corner, the Polk Station restaurant, Mel's Diner all within walking distance. Little Joe's toward the Wharf on Van Ness was great for Italian. The 49 or 47 will take you to the F trolley on Market to go to the Castro district. Take the 49 or 47 to Market and switch to the 71 and go to Haight-Ashbury. You can go anywhere from this hotel with little difficulty. It was a HUGE value but we never felt second-class.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nate1952
<Content>A Good Choice for SFO One of the problems with these first-person travel sites is the uniqueness of some of the experiences which are used to make generalizations about the experiences which everyone will have.The eye of the beholder is not the same for everyone, so (sometimes) the reviews - especially at the extremes of the ratings - have to be taken with a grain of salt.So, keeping the above in mind, here is one married couple's insights into the Golden Gateway - where we stayed 4 nights over the Bay to Breakers weekend.What we liked about the hotel:- Staff attitudes were uniformly excellent and the management appears to be trying very hard to make this a preferred hotel for San Francisco (within their price range). I made several calls for laundry and guest services and - every time - someone was at the door almost before I put down the phone.- The hotel is oriented north and south, and views are absolutely panoramic: real picture postcard kind of stuff.- If there are parts of the hotel which are dirty or tired looking, we never saw them. Everything was up to date, and well-maintained.- Room size was appropriate. The room wasn't huge - but we weren't cramped, either.- Location as far as public transportation is superb. What can I say: if you are driving a car in San Francisco, then I feel a deep and abiding sympathy for you. It is very far from being a car-friendly town. If you take the time to pick up a 3-day, or 7-day, MUNI Passport that allows you to move about the city very efficiently, for less than you would spend in just parking. The California Street cable car turnaround is half a block from this hotel - which gives you a great east-west option to the Embarcadero. For anything else, buses running north and south go up and down Van Ness about every 3 minutes - and the Van Ness buses go direct to Fishermans' Wharf.What we didn't like about the hotel (reasons this hotel is a 4 instead of a 5):- Because of the way it's constructed - essentially just a big glass box - this hotel admits a lot of noise. Although you may not hear what's going on the next room, you will hear sirens and traffic noise from outside. On the other hand, if you are noise sensitive, is an intense urban area like SF really the place you want to be?- Room service is weird. They really push the breakfast, which is available until 11AM. Then - when room service starts up again at 5PM - it's available only until 10PM. I don't understand the hole around lunchtime. And it seems as though you'd want to be ready to prepare food until at least midnight, for people returning from late events who don't want the trouble of finding a restaurant still open.Other complaints about this hotel that I have noticed on this list are complaints about San Francisco itself. The city is what it is.It's a major metro area in a pleasant climate, so - yes - you will see people sleeping on the street, and the experience of seeing them can be uncomfortable.The city is full of prosperous tourists, in a free-spending mood, so - yes - people will stop you on the street to ask for money. If you refuse, some of them will be impolite.But, as far as feeling unsafe, I don't understand some of the previously posted comments.Like any big city, there are neighborhoods best left alone. But, our last night in the city, I was out and about until almost 1AM without feeling anxious or insecure. After many visits I have come to the conclusion that - although bad things CAN happen in SF - the vast majority of the time, they DON'T.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ercm76
<Content>Good stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway Husband and I booked this hotel for 3 nights, mid-May 2006, then we read the reviews. I was worried about what to expect and was pleasantly surprised when we got there. Our room was big for SFO standards. It was clean, up to date, we had a fridge without paying extra, and our view was wondeful. We were in room 2220. I saw the pool from our room but we never did use it. We paid 120. per night.I'm not sure why some people had such an issue with this place. We found the entire hotel to be fine, typical Holiday Inn standards, with helpful, courtesy staff. Maybe some of the issue is people using pricelline, of course the hotel isn't going to give you the best room, they know how much you paid. Maybe it also helped we were priority club members. It's free to join, no reason not to. The parking was 30. per day but that is clearly stated on Holiday Inn website and seemed to be a standard rate for hotel parking in downtown SFO. People need to understand SFO is the most expensive city in the US, everything is going to cost more than what it does in your home area.Nicely located, right next to the cable car line as others have mentioned. Would definitely recommend a MUNI pass, we did the 3 day for 18./person and it was quite useful, used public transportation the entire time. We would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Adz99
<Content>Great place to stay       view from west facing 19th floor room  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InquisitiveTraveler
<Content>Good value and location Some of the reviews of this hotel are absolutely ridiculous. Our room was large and very clean, with an amazing view of the city. We had two double beds, two chairs and a table, an armoire, and a small refrigerator that we did not have to pay extra for. Check-in went fine. We got there a little after 3:00, which one would expect to be a busy time, and the wait was 10 minutes at the most. Hotel desk clerks were very courteous, both at check in and later. You wouldn't mistake this hotel for the Ritz Carlton, but if you were expecting a luxury hotel at the Holiday Inn you need to have your expectations adjusted. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and convenient.  The hotel is very centrally located. Take the cable car, literally right next to the hotel, to Nob Hill, Chinatown, and the Embarcadero. Take the #19 bus on Polk Street to Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf (the later is a couple blocks walk). If you're staying a couple of days, do yourself a favor and buy a bus pass, $18 for three days (otherwise the cable car is $5 each ride). These are available in the hotel gift shop, which was a nice service. There are a number of good and inexpensive restaurants within a block or two of the hotel, mostly on Polk Street. I enjoyed the Quetzal Cafe for breakfast and lunch (it also has internet service). For those who complained about the parking charge, this is clearly marked on the Holiday Inn website, and is pretty normal for downtown parking. Have you never parked downtown before?  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>starkt
<Content>Noisy, okay otherwise I always thought concrete slab high-rises had adequate noise insulation; now I know better. I could hear doors near my room SLAMMING shut late at night. If the hotel would just get rid of the door springs that cause those slams, it might be possible for heavy sleepers to get a good night's rest. If you stay here and want to walk around the neighborhood, avoid Polk Street south of Pine Street unless you want to take a walk on the wild side. One of the best things about staying here is that you can walk to the Grub-Steak restaurant on Pine near Polk (3/4 block from the hotel) and get a great burger, shake, breakfast or even a full dinner for a reasonable price as late as four in the morning daily. And there's even an outdoor deck where you can smoke and chat up the local street people. The Grub-Steak patio is often shared by late night barhoppers (gay and straight), English and German tourists from the hotel, and a sprinkling of drag queens and male and female prostitutes. Everyone gets along fine, although brawls occasionally take place. Bring your sense of humor and curiosity with you. This part of town is in many ways the most interesting in San Francisco. It's what people have in mind when they think of San Francisco being a free spirited city. It is certainly diverse: the very rich, the very poor, gay straight, all colors and ethnicities. Here you can just be yourself, whatever that is, and no one will give you a second thought. And for every seedy storefront or street person, there is an interesting and reasonably priced restaurant, cafe, bookstore, bar, club or boutique. Movie theaters are in walking distance. You can walk downtown. You are close to the mansions of Pacific Heights, the stunning views of Nob and Russian Hills, and the bayfront at Fisherman's wharf.Another plus: Right outside the hotel on California Street is one of the few places where you can catch the cable car without waiting in a long line.So maybe this hotel isn't so bad after all.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting /Dirty/ Nver to return! As soon as we booked into this hotel, we immediatly had to change rooms as the original one's (we had booked two adjoining) were very dirty!We were then given another two adjoining rooms, yes still not much cleaner and also both rooms had twin beds.....one should have been king!The next day we were then moved to what was supposed to be executive adjoining rooms!!!!Well......yeah ok a little cleaner but then it was only because the manager made the staff steam clean the rooms before we went in them!Obvioulsy as i stated to the manager, that the standreds of their cleanliness were different from mine!I would never ever return to San Francisco....shame that it took this Hotel and its rude staff to put our family off, what is proberbly a very nice city...but it did just that!It was the end of March and we were on our way home from Honolulu so stayed their for 5 nights........ergggg big mistake!I was so glad to be home in my own clean bed oh yeah and the room service and food were disgusting!The staff were not very friendly and this hotel along with its staff mangaed to ruin what was left off our Honeymoon! Yes we took the kids,,,,,,,but then i am ill so we wanted too but the staff and hotel was a disgrace and i would in fact never stay at a Holiday Inn ever again...this has put me of big time!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TravellerLA
<Content>It works, but pretty beat I stayed there with my daughters for one night on our way back to L.A. Parking cost $32 with no valet. The restaurant and bar were closed. The room was clean enough for one night, but this place has definitely seen better days. You need a key in the elevator to get the door to close and go anywhere in the hotel so don't leave your key in your room when you check out. They must have a big problem with theft is all I can figure. For a quick stay for a day or two with a priceline price of $60 I can't complain too much, but otherwise I can't recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Appalling I can only believe that the hotel management are posting all the good reviews. My company requires all its employees to stay at this hotel when in town and without exception we all say it's dreadful and it's about to be changed.The rooms are tiny and worn out. Beds and furniture are falling apart. There is no room service during the day. Rooms are regularly not ready. Staff are badly trained. The streets are dangerous, certainly too risky to walk to Union Square in anything other than bright daylight. Most rooms are incredibly noisy as the windows are single glazed. Prostitutes are known to frequent the hotel lobby. Enough???Oh, and it's cheap.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FXRS1969
<Content>Terrible Customer Service I had a prior reservation to stay at this hotel from 04/09 to 04/13/06. When I arrived after traveling all day from Florida, I was told 4 times that the room was not ready. I had already arrived after the check in time, but the clerical lady (Irene) stated the hotel was very busy the night before and the rooms were not getting cleaned fast enough. This lady was a total disaster to deal with. I stood at the counter with her for almost an hour, and eventually I had enough and requested a manager to help out. After 3 1/2 hours of waiting, I finally got my room. There were other people checking in to include, airline employees, and tour groups. They all got their rooms on time. My friend who was also traveling with me, received his room only to find someone elses luggage already in the room. I really have nothing good to stay about this hotel. The rooms are just ok, very dated. The location is also decent, only a block away from the trolly. Think twice before using this hotel, there are better hotels throughout the San Francisco area.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware - Robbery!! Hi,while the hotel itself was actually pretty ok (clean, nice location, standard service - everything you would expect from a Holiday Inn), let me warn you that they charge you BIG time on top of your nightly room rate. First, they will take 30 dollars per night for parking. Yes, that is thirty dollars. Per night. While this pill was already hard to swallow, they topped it all off when I asked for a refridgerator (which is not standard in their rooms). Yes sir, you can have that but we must charge you 20 dollars per night. Excuse me? 20 dollars? Per night? For a freaking fridge? After talking to the manager he explained to me that parking charges that high are common in San Francisco (still robbery, if you ask me). And eventually his highness discounted the fridge, so I had to pay 10 dollars per night.You know all of this is enough to not recommend this hotel at all.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CanadianMommy
<Content>Golden Gate Holiday Inn       View from road on Hwy # 1  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very mediocre tiny room, great view, great location, amiable staff, annoying how when you call room service you have to leave a message and they call you back when they can get to yousticklers for details (although I had made my reservation with my amex card i forgot to bring it and they wouldn't use it to charge the room - makes tracking business expenses a little more difficult on this trip)while I paid a certain supposedly 'seminar rate' I saw an internet rate $40 less than the 'seminar rate' but they wouldn't let me use it  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>babygrandsue
<Content>Would stay here again Just spent 8 days here on business and was pleased with almost every aspect of this hotel. The lobby/hallway/and conference rooms were cold the first few days but the situation was tended to quickly by the staff and resolved. I had a lovely corner room on the 17th floor with a view to the north and east. As others have said, the cable car is just around the corner and there were lots of great restaurants very close by. Disappointed in Pier 39 - stereotypical tourist trap with no real substance. Would stay here again. Very attentive and responsive staff.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pablo_Diddy
<Content>Well..... Ok, I've been trying to think of how to compose my review of this hotel for a while. This place isn't terrible and it isn't good. It just is. The rooms are pretty old and worn, and not spotlessly clean. The lobby and common areas are typical of any American tourist-class hotel in a major city; 80s chic with lots of brass and mirrors, i.e., totally fine and totally unremarkable.Hey, on the bright side they don't seem to mind when prostitues wander 'aimlessly' in the lobby.I can only put it this way. You won't love your stay here but you probably won't detest it either. If you can get a ridiculously low rate, why not.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WJ33
<Content>Good choice - would stay here again I stayed here for 2 nights in February 2006 and would definitely stay here again.The rooms are a good size, clean and comfortable. The loaction of the hotel is great (cable car stop just around the corner).Staff were friendly and attentive.I've stayed in a few hotels in San Francisco and this is definitely one of the best for the price. I would have no hesitation in staying here again or recommending it to others.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel in Central San Francisco Stayed in Room 2319 of the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway on Van Ness Avenue from Feb. 10-12, 2006. Rooms were clean and nice, may have been done over recently. Service was good: the hotel operator called the second day to make sure I was satisfied with everything. It was a good quality Holiday Inn and I would stay here again. The location is central, between California and Pine Streets, on Van Ness, but not the main tourist area. One nice feature is that the California Street cable car line runs right to the hotel. I chose to walk the challenging hills, but the cable car would be a better choice for most. In addition, Bus #47 on Van Ness runs right to the Fisherman's Wharf area (I chose to walk, but it is far for most people). The neighborhood was fine and around the block, on Polk Steet, there are many restaurants, including Italian, Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, Indian, Greek, Pizza, etc.. Ate at the Italian restaurant across from Walgreen's and the Vietnamese place. Bother were good. There is a Ruth's Chris Steak House right across from the hotel and a Whole Foods Market a few blocks away.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LauraSW
<Content>Holdiay Inn meets expectations I read some scathing reviews of this hotel, after I had already booked it on Priceline. Dont be scared off-- for a 3* hotel, this is perfectly acceptable. Clean, friendly, and accomodating even for the lowest cost payers like myself ($52 a night). Parking is $30 nightly. Next time, I'll take the BART into town from the airport.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience       Hotel at night  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhilla1
<Content>great location stayed here for 7 days and found the location excellent..cable car around the corner ...movie theatres within walking distance...bus line right on Van Ness...neighborhood restaurants offer great variety...staff were friendly and helpful...i felt very safe ...you have to swipe your room key to access elevator...room view was beautiful...room was clean...i am low maintenance...had no complaints...would definitely return here on my next visit  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>happy_hippo_11
<Content>Yuck - old, tired and not worth the money! For the price we paid for this hotel $125 + tax, this place is definitely a DUMP. It's, at best, 3 stars. Parking is $30+tax per night here - not much choice as there isn't much parking around here unless you're lucky enough to get an on-street lot. Fine. Except the carpark doesn't make you feel very safe as it's open for access by the public, and it's dark. When we'd unloaded our bags from the car in the garage and were walking towards the door to enter the hotel, we were passed by a skanky looking woman (hooker most likely) in what we thought were hot pants (but it turned out to be a skirt) and a bra top, blaring loudly on the phone. What made it worse was that she strode into the hotel as if it were her house. If I were the hotel management, I'd be worried about the sort of clientele I was serving! The entrance from the garage to the hotel was dark, dingey, dirty with broken steps. The carpet in the lift lobby looked like it had many unidentifiable stains on it dried over from goodness-knows-when. YUCK. We took the lift up to our room, and were not surprised that the rotten-ness extended there as well. The bedspreads were faded, worn with threads sticking out. The pillows were lumpy, like they had been filled with coal instead of cotton. I didn't dare inspect too closely in case I saw any other worse things. The air-conditioner was very, very noisy in a droning manner - maybe to drown out the street noise?The bathroom looked like it was about 50 years old. Tiny, and not enough space for more than 1 person in it at a time.Overall, this place is awful. It's dark, OLD and not worth anything more than $60-70 a night. No breakfast provided. The only thing going for this place is the location, especially if you're a foodie - it's is one block up from Polk - lots of restaurants on this street, expecially Asian (Thai, Vietnamese etc) and seafood. Check out Chai Yo (Thai), Yabbi's (seafood), Aux Delices (Vietnamese)...  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seelybee
<Content>Good value and good location Without doubt all areas of this hotel look somewhat tired - but this belies a good standard of comfort and convenience and good value for money at 拢60 a night.The staff were helpful and the room a good size, clean and comfortable with a great view from our high floor room towards the bay area. Free wireless internet access and in room coffee were both very welcome.The location was excellent with the California cable car a step away and several buses to places of interest running past the door. The $18 3 day pass for transport ($24 for a week) is a real bargain. We ate the hotel breakfast once in our 3 nights - ideal if you want a leisurely blowout meal and good value at $15 on that basis, but for something simpler and cheaper the Station diner behind the hotel on Polk is highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Did not meet minimum standards...Dirty Stayed for 4 nights, we were very busy with meetings first few days... then had more time to look around... one blanket had huge hole cut in it from a burn. One bedspread had a crusty spot (yuk) and the other one was patched...mattresses were very old and causing us both sore backs, the springs were nearly popping out... Dust and dirt were hiding in all corners... overall the room was poorly maintained... The details are to numerous or icky and I do not care to recall them all.PositivesWe had a nice view to the east on a high floor. We watched the sunrise over the Berkeley Hills every morning. Free parking all over the area. Just read the street signs and ask the gas station attendants. I am posting this because I rely on this site to give me accurate information and want to share my experience. I will not stay there again  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jono_Melbourne
<Content>Modern rooms, very comfortable This was an enjoyable stay, there was free internet access for my laptop in the room, very modern decor, perhaps a bit small, with a great shower.I got this hotel at a steal, only $57/night on priceline.The facilities look good for business travelers, there was a Japanese conference on at the time. Beware that the gym is nothing more than a small room with a few machines.The other thing to watch out for is parking, it isn't free and they charge hotel guests $25 per day.The location was good too, quite close to the beatiful civic buildings they have on Van Ness Ave. And theres a great bagel place and pizza place around the corner.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BOBJP
<Content>Great location, pleasant hotel When we first arrived, I wasn't too sure about the location, but it turned out to be a nice district.The hotel itself? Very pleasant indeed. OK, the rooms may be a little dated, but comfortable (with some nice furniture). Staff were all friendly and helpful as well. We were on the 19th floor and so got some amazing views!We never ate at the hotel, as we found a great little Italian eaterie (Victors?) round the corner and got our breakfast at a friendly bagel place on the corner of Polk.As others have said, great location in terms of transport. Go to the hotel gift shop and purchase a MUNI pass, which allows you to use the cable cars and trolleybusses.I would definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plain hotel in reasonable location with good transport Just back from 5 nights in SF. This hotel was part of a holiday package we booked and we found it a bit shabby. Definitely not 'recently refurbished' as the Holiday Inn website says. On the plus side, the beds were comfy and front desk were very helpfull when we asked to change to a quiter room (rooms facing Van Ness are very noisy, even on the high floors!)and found us a room at the back. In spite of there being a constant stream of holiday makers and conference goers checking in and milling about the lobby, we weren't disturbed by other guests. Front desk were also helpful when I wanted to make a call to the UK and suggested I bought a phone card from the kiosk rather than pay $10 a minute on my credit card! Didn't try hotel food as there are plenty of nice restaurants if you turn left on Polk including The Indian Aromo (very cheap and friendly!) and a bit futher down The Crepe House. We had the worst cappuccinos in the Starbucks on the corner including a lecture on how to make them when we complained that they were all foam and no coffee!! Try Tulleys across the street instead, friendly guys and nicer muffins!! Good transport to the main tourist attractions from Vann Ness and Polk on buses and the California line cable car terminus is right round the corner. Good if you're desperate to ride the outside and we were :o) You can buy MUNI transport passes at the hotel kiosk. All in all, if I vist ST again, I'm saving up and going to Nob Hill but, I'd recommend this hotel for budget travel if your not too fussy about decor and age of the fittings!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vero4us
<Content>Very happy with the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway       View from window  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelGirl05
<Content>Excellent experience, would absolutely go again       View of the North of the City  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CrossCountryDriver
<Content>Good Location, Rooms Old and Blah We stayed here in June 2005 driving up from Stanford University to the Humbolt Redwoods.I booked the hotel because it looked very nice on the Holiday Inn website. When I arrived in the lobby, I was impressed by the decor. Very inviting. Then I went to check in, and they did not have my room available! In fact, the hotel was full and I didn't have a room even though I booked it on their very own Holiday Inn website! After being in the lobby for about 45 minutes with the staff all questioning each other what they should do, the manager finally cleaned up a room for us to check into.The manager tried to tell us it was a great room with a great view. When I opened the door, it was like 1960's decor. It was the OLDEST Holiday Inn I ever stayed at. The linens were so worn, that you could see right through it. They were nearly transparent. The bathroom was small and vanity cracked and discolored. The carpet was a orange/brown color and you could tell the years of traffic really worn them down to where they no longer looked fuzzy. The windows were dirty. The view was ok.You had to pay $25 per night for parking. No free breakfast here. They have a restaurant downstairs but it was not that great.If you want to eat at Crustaceans (popular restaurant), make sure that you get reservations! It is nearly impossible to eat there without. And you must dress appropriately. There weren't that many good restaurants in this part of San Fran. We did enjoy Sushi Rock just a block or so away. Overall, I would choose this Holiday Inn only for adding to my Reward Points, but not for any other reason.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tonyraisins
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised Holiday Inn Golden Gateway, Van Ness Avenue at California Street. Newly renovated and inviting lobby, attentive bellman service, great customer service at Reception Desk. We were here for the bicycle race on Labor Day Weekend. Rooms extremely clean. Cozy and functional bathroom. Roof top pool in great condition for a morning or afternoon dip. This is an above average Holiday Inn, with a noticeably sophisticated and international clientele. We are bargain travelers, so from the airport, we took BART to Civic Center station, then took the #19 bus up the hill to California, and walked one block to the hotel. Do yourself a big favor, and buy the Muni pass at the airport, or at the foot of the cable car line at Powell Street. It's good for all MUNI transportation, including ALL cable car lines. The per trip fare for the cable cars just went up to $ 5.00 each, one way, no transfers. The Muni Pass is $ 11.00 for a 1 Day Pass, unlimited access; $ 18.00 for a 3 Day unlimited; $ 24.00 for a 5 Day unlimited. The California Cable Car line is a few steps from hotel- take it to Chinatown. Take the # 19 bus on Polk, around the corner from the hotel to Fishermans Wharf. Lots of great shopping on Polk. Caution - don't travel too far south on Polk or you'll find yourself in the seedy Tenderloin area. Polk Street north of California towards the Wharf is perfectly safe. Hint: everyone who visits San Francisco wants to ride the cable cars. The crowds and lines dwindle in the late evening, say after 9 PM. There is a potential to wait upwards of one to two hours at the foot of Powell or at the Wharf during peak tourist periods.If your time is limited I suggest you wait until then. Also - the very pleasant F Street Car runs along Market Street, and will take you to the Fishermans Wharf, and to the Castro District. Take the MUNI # 71 HAIGHT-Noriega bus from Market Street to the Haight-Asbury District. Take the MUNI # N train to the San Francisco Zoo. You don't need a car in this city, don't be foolish and pay an additional $ 29.00 a day for hotel parking and high parking lot prices.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KathieKat
<Content>Great place to stay The staff was very courteous and professional. Concierge knows the area. She is a smart lady and helped us with everything we asked about. Room was clean and pleasantly decorated. Nice location. Food in the restaurant is good.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location and Good Price Four of us stayed here for four nights Aug.20-23/05. We had 2 rooms, one with 2 double beds and the other with a king bed. The king bed room was on the northeast corner of the 24th floor and the windows on the north and east sides gave us a panoramic view of Alcatraz and the Oakland-Bay Bridge and the Coit Tower. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The bathrooms were well appointed and very clean. We didn't use the pool as there are too many other great things to do in the city. Parking in the garage was expensive ($24.00/day) with in and out privileges. Public transit was close at hand, which we love to take advantage of. We did take a taxi once to Union Square (great shopping!!) and it cost less than $6.00. We checked-in late on a Sat. night and ate in the hotel Grill...not impressed at all! We did have breakfast the next morning in the main restaurant but it was expensive and only adequate. The hotel does NOT have a concierge which would be extremely helpful in a city like San Fran. We had been to the city several times before and knew enough to dress in layers as the weather can change very quickly. We do LOVE San Fran and would probably not stay at this hotel again as we like to try different locations. The security was very good as you have to use your room key to get to your floor. We felt very safe at this location.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good enough location Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The room was clean and large with a small bathroom. The bedroom and especially the bathroom needs refurbished.We were on a tour and the Rep recommended a Chineze restaurant across the road for breakfast - uugghh. Give it a skip. We visited a lovely Italian Restaurant a few blocks away which the bell boy recommended (can not remember name started with A) and the following evening had a beautiful meal in The Front Room lovely pastas and pizzas and great value for money. Really enjoyed our meal there, only a few block's walk away. We were in San Fran in August and it was chilly so bring your jumpers just in case. Walked from the hotel to Union Square and did all the sights on foot - exhausted that evening with all the hills but is a nice town.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NeilBelfastN/Ireland
<Content>Great views from nice rooms Stayed here the first two nights of our tour, rooms were good size very clean and well equipped. Breakfast was pricey but very good.Hotel is at the cable car start , making it very handy for getting around all the sights and taxis are very cheap and if you get the right driver exciting, jumping the intersections etc. We enjoyed our short time in san fran so much we are heading back later this year, might even stay at the golden gateway again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bp4559
<Content>tolerable I got this place on Priceline for $59 and it wasn't bad. The room itself was clean and there were no real flaws with the room, but there was nothing that stuck out as being incredible about it either. One thing I found to be an annoyance more than anything else was you had to swipe your keycard everytime you entered the elevator, granted this is a saftey percaution, but if somebody wants to go to a certain floor they will find a way around this without much difficulty. The biggest problem with the hotel is it's location, it is not within walking distance to many attractions. On the map it doesn't look like the pier is too far but the steep hills of the SF streets can wear you out rather quickly. There really isn't much within walking distance as far as good, reasonably priced restaurants go either. The parking garage can be difficult to get around in. I don't really know why they have a pool, it's outside and it was too cold to go swimming in the middle of the day in August. The food from the restaurant was okay, it kind of reminded me of Applebee's food actually. The staff here was just like the rest of the hotel, no real problems with them, but nothing special about them either. This place is decent if you get it off priceline and are able to drive places, if not I'd look elsewhere. Allof this adds up to a rating of 3 out of 5 stars for the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Out of the way but still convenient It isn't in a touristy area but the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway was clean, the staff helpful and I felt safe there with my niece. Our view from the 19th floor was great! You are right next to the end of the California cable car line so you can always get on (not true coming the other direction) and the #47 bus line in front of the hotel takes you directly to Fisherman's Wharf or to Market street where you can catch the streetcar to the shopping near Union Square. There's a great coffee shop across the street, too. I would absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location We obtained the room through Priceline[-], and the rate ws excellent, however it was the worst room of our whole trip. Also, the most expensive parking, not sure why it cost $28.50 here and only $15 at Fisherman's Wharf. However, it was great to be able to open a window and not have to use airconditioning. It had a pool that our seven year old loved. The room was small and dated, but as it is only for sleeping that was okay. The location was great at the beginning of the California cable line, and the restaurants behind the hotel and on the side streets were excellent value. Would stay again for the location at the priceline cost.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for the windows! Just a warning, we were surprised to find that the window opened up on our 22nd floor. Imagine if a kid managed to pry it open!!! That was not safe feature there at all.No fan in the bathroon and no vent that worked for us. Room was an ok size but nothing special at all. Really old and basic. It was also noisy there. Parking was expensive too.View was great and so was the breakfast buffet. Would not stay again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Theresehols
<Content>Good Location Our problems started at the reception. Firstly there was a permanent queue there and even to ask aquestion you had to stand in line behind people checking in. I had booked 2 rooms , one with 2 beds for my 2 sons. The reception told me they could only provide one bed and a rollaway bed for an extra $20. I refused to take it. They kept me waiting while they consulted computers and managers. In the end I settled for a smoking room for the boys with 2 beds and they did'nt charge the extra money. But it is a pity they have not heard about air freshners as the room and even the corriodor stunk of stale tobacco. My advice to travellers is to stand your ground at the reception and demand what you have booked.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great view, ugly room This hotel needs refurbishing. The rooms are dim in decor and lack even a hint of luxury. The front desk staff are charming. The neighborhood is fair to poor and not charming at all. The walkways from garage to elevators smell of urine. The room service was unapologetically late. We waited one hour for an order of beverages. The restaurant staff lack enthusiasm. The conference facilities are mediocre. The parking is outrageously expensive.The view in our room was outstanding. There was no discernable noise and we would have slept well had it not been for poor quality mattress and bedding.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem of a Hotel I was attending a conference in San Francisco and booked here just to be at the conference hotel. My expecations were low, but I was really pleasantly surprised! The hotel is in a great location, right in the center of everywhere you might want to be. There's a cable car stop right behind the hotel, and you can buy transit passes in the hotel gift shop. Within 1 block is a Bank of America, Well Fargo Bank, and a Walgreen's drug store - everyone always forgets cash and some sundry. For $10 extra we upgraded to a superior view room, and man did it have it! It was a corner room with huge windows on both corner walls. One had a spectatular view of the Bay and the other looked out over the Presidio. We didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but it was quite comfortable with a nice sized bathroom. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. There wasn't a closet - it had a small wardrobe instead - but there was enough space to hang all our items. There was a coffemaker, iron and ironing board in the room, and the hotel has wireless internet so bring your wireless card, or you can get one at the front desk. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The Housekeepers always made a point to wish us good morning or good afternoon. The only thing I might complain about was that pillows were pretty flat, but other pillows were available and I never took the time to call housekeeping for different ones.We didn't try any of the hotel resturants because there was so much great food in SF. Just 4 safe blocks away was Maharani where we had a fabulous Indian meal. A $7 cab ride away on Union St. is Night Monkey, tiny and upscale, were we had a perfect dinner with friends.Overall, this hotel is a gem for the price! I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>digitalq
<Content>I'd Do It Again.       Our View1  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tennismad
<Content>Good Value Value for money this was excellent but then we had friends who lived just across the street so it was ideal for us. The room was a corner room, as we were entitled to an upgrade as we use Intercontinental Hotels a great deal. However the room was not that large but did have a desk and free internet access. Rooms were clean and the view from the 19th floor was great. Staff at the front desk were helpful and friendly and also in the shop. No comment on the restaurant as we did not use it. You need to use your key to get access to the lifts which is a good safety feature. It is a good walk to Union Square but you can get the bus very easily. Not far to other sites either. On the whole I would recommend this hotel as good value for money.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location...Serves the prupose...Wireless Internet       View on the east side of the hotel - 18th flr  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Italtraveler
<Content>You get your money's worth I stayed for 4 nights in a room on the 21st floor with a wonderful view. The hotel is in a strategic place to visit downtown in all directions: for an example the bus stop to Fisherman's Wharf is very close and for only $ 7.00 you can go there by taxi (really you don't need a car). The bus stop to Civic Center is behind the hotel. The room was cleaned and towels replaced.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, but beware of some street people at night I enjoyed my visit to San Francisco in November 2004 immensely. The fact that Holiday Inn San Francisco Golden Gateway is so close to the fisherman's wharf and all other major locations, is definitely one of the reasons. It's close to the union square, city centre, the piers, and so many different things. I could travel easily to any major location by local public transportatioin. By buying a citypass, I am able to travel anywhere I want to for seven days. The hotel is secure though, it requires your room key to get up the elevator. Although my family said that they do not get screened at all when they phone me, I do not see it as a minus. I think that it's a small oversight, and I did not receive any weird phone calls. When I left, they waive a small phone charge I accidentally dialed for me, which I thought was definitely a nice gesture. (Some hotels do ask you to pay for a few cents, I know because I have been asked to do that!) On average, I would say that this hotel is great for travelers who want to go around and see different places in the city. It's convenient, and that's what counts for me. I would not suggest walking alone on the streets there at night for girls though. There seems to be quite some number of street people. Just do your traveling during the day, and if you do need to return late, get a companion to walk with you.Also, there are some convenience stores at the back, and a walgreen nearby as well.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vegaslover73
<Content>AVG. HOTEL We just returned from a one night 鈥?New Year鈥檚 Eve 鈥?stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway on Van Ness in San Francisco. I got it on Hotwire for $70 鈥?no luck on Priceline for less.This is a solid 2.5* property. The room was clean and quiet, but the ice maker was broken and the bathroom sink didn鈥檛 drain well. These are the little issues that one is more likely to experience at a Holiday Inn. Front desk staff was slow. Elevators had key-card entry, which was a nice safety feature. The area around the hotel is sketchy at best, but that is SF for 鈥榶a.Self-parking is convenient and a bargain at $29/night compared to the high parking fees at Union Sq. hotels. Ingress and egress is also convenient via Van Ness. I would stay here again, but certainly for no more that $45 on a normal night 鈥?it was ok for $70 on New Year鈥檚 Eve considering that the hotel appeared to be sold out.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fabulous Myself, hubby and little girl (1 and a half years) stayed here on a few occasions during the month on September '04. We travelled around California a bit during the month but were delighted to return to this hotel. It felt like coming home. All Staff were very friendly (especially Rose and Trevor at Breakfast) and always spoke to us at both Breakfast and dinner. The food was fab. From the breakfast to the dinner. Rooms were spotless and comfy. Always clean towels.I can't say anything bad about this hotel or staff. Top marks.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roomfinder
<Content>Well placed hotel We stayed for 3 nights from 18th Sep. We got a room on the 22nd floor which had amazing views. The concierge was helpful and was able to answer all our questions - when we asked where the nearest church was, he was able to give us the mass timings aswell!The hotel is 2mins from the California St cable car and the bus to Fisherman's Wharf stops right outside the hotel.The rooms were always cleaned, towels replaced.They allowed us to check-out late till 2pm which was helpful since we had an evening flight. Luggage was kept in the lobby.I didn't have breakfast here so can't comment on that.The only funny thing is that the lady at reception wasn't keen on adding my Priority points because she said I got a discount from the published rate! Anyway I got Holiday INN to add it for me.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow Fantastic!   showReview(2608297, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Birdie425
<Content>Staff incompetence   showReview(2591522, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Baxter2006
<Content>Holiday Inn Golden Gateway to HELL   showReview(2326158, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waveyed
<Content>Good base to explore SF   showReview(2182949, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel, but poor service   showReview(2118414, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, value for money   showReview(1712798, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meursault
<Content>Avoid This Dump   showReview(1560236, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do-it-yourself hotel   showReview(1532064, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would return   showReview(1490096, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for money.   showReview(932758, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alebob
<Content>buon compromesso per SFO   showReview(19542402, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绻佽彲琛椼亱銈夈仺銇娿亜銇屻€併仺銇︺倐銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷   showReview(19915228, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaDreamin08
<Content>Nicht perfekt, aber ok   showReview(17636147, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兂銉曘儵銉炽偡銈广偝   showReview(19168242, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wolf_ffm
<Content>Sch枚ner Aufenthalt       kein besonders sch枚ner Bau...  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sekar75
<Content>Ne m茅rite m锚me pas 1!!!   showReview(10427417, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Nicolas_from_Paris
<Content>Tr猫s honn猫te h么tel, 脿 l'emplacement pratique pour visiter San Francisco       vue de la chambre  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelwestcoast
<Content>gute Lage, teure Parkpl盲tze   showReview(8367889, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

