<Author>exploremore1
<Content>Great! This was a great hotel. I used booking.com, they had really good rates. The price was very reasonable. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and patient about every question and request. They give you free lemonade, beer, and water in the minibar which is cool. The room was beautiful and the view was excellent. The shower was great, there were 6 different water spouts. The only problem is the water comes out on the floor, but this was a minor problem. The glass wall for the bathroom was an interesting, pretty touch. The room was very nice, it was great to wake up and go to sleep to that view of the city. You can take the metro to the hotel very easily, and you can take the tram to many different places. Just be careful, the area seems very safe and far apart from the main mix of things, but I had my purse stolen not too far from the hotel. There is a great mall right next door for shopping and also to grab food and snacks at the last minute. I loved this hotel; it's great for family or friends, and especially a romantic trip. I would stay here again definitely. They also give free robes and slippers, which they continually refresh! Also, they clean the room whenever you leave, even if it's in the afternoon (most rooms are only cleaned in the morning!).  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hali59
<Content>A great hotel This was one of the best hotels we stayed in during a holiday. The room was very comfortable, clean and modern with fantastic panoramic views over the city (my room was in the 26th floor). The reception was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was really excellent satisfying every taste. I would recommend this hotel to every one wanted to have a good time in Barcelona. The metro is very handy trnsport mean to all major attractions in the city.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>p_pChios
<Content>Superb hotel One of the best hotels i ever stayed.Very modern,with a magnificent view.We had a room at the 23rd floor and we had a fantastic view .The room was very modern decorated,very clean and with a free minibar.The breakfast was magnificent with everything that someone asks.The only bad thing is that you are not allowed to bring food or drinks even water into the hotel.This is some how stupid because if you want to drink more water than the 2 bottles that the mini bar offers you have to pay a lot from the bar.I will definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stacielea
<Content>Great Hotel       room and view  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mariaglyk
<Content>A great hotel       bathroom  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bloomnormal
<Content>Great, stylish hotel; excellent view of Barcelona       Barcelona Princess from the sea front  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sorrentina06
<Content>Excellent Experience I stayed here for 3 nights recently with my boyfriend and we were both extremely impressed with the hotel and the services offered. We paid a little extra for the Wellness Package which proved to be excellent value for money. We had a room on the 18th Floor which provided spectacular views over the city. The robes, slippers, free mini bar (replenished free of charge every day), toiletries (including toothbrush and toothpaste, comb, nail file etc) were very much appreciated and the included breakfast was second to none (everything you could possibly want...and more).I took advantage of the included free massage (1 per day if you want it - 1 hour for 1 person or 2 half hour sessions for both) which did wonders for my back and my boyfriend tried out the hot tub/jacuzzi and sauna.We found the staff to be always professional, helpful and friendly.As for the location? No complaints there at all. The hotel is very close to the beach and line 4 on the Metro (5 mins walk) which has many of the must visit locations including Passeig de Gracia, Barceloneta etc. There is an impressive shopping centre 3 mins from the hotel which houses a huge supermarket (should you need extra drinks, food etc) as well as many other shops.All of the above contributed to a very pleasant stay. I would rate this hotel as a very good 4 star if not a 5 star (and it's a very close call). We wouldn't stay anywhere else if (which is very likely) were to return to Barcelona in the future and would certainly recommend it to all of our friends.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lamphs
<Content>Good choice for me! I stayed at the Princess this past week. I found it to have excellent service and fairly clean. The bed was comfortable and the temperature controls 鈥?both air conditioning and heat worked well. Having the refrigerator stocked with sodas and water at no charge was a nice plus. On cleanliness however, hair on the bathroom floor and shower from the previous guests is difficult for me to deal with, as well as the dirty shower curtain.The Princess is off the beaten path. However, the subway station is one block away 鈥?the L4 line. And the L4 line takes you to the Jaume I station, without transferring. Most of the sights are within walking distance of the Jaume I station.So, all in all, I highly recommend the Princess for a quiet vacation. Now, if you are a clubber, then you are better off staying closer to the action as there is very little to do in the hotel鈥檚 neighborhood.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	5	

<Author>Carolorphil
<Content>Fantastic value for money Booked with Superbreak for 拢107 BB a night. Got a double room on the 26th top floor with fantastic views. The staff were as good as you can get, location 100 yards from the tube, true 4 star. Superb breakfast selection.If only British hotels could match this price and service!!You can always find little faults if you want to, but, the main thing is that this is a great hotel and for value for money you will not beat it.Barcelona rates as one of the best cities ever visited, couldn't do it all and will have to go back. Will stay here again without any boubt.Carol and Phil, Oswestry.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrumTravelgirl
<Content>Beautiful view I chose the hotel based on reviews on trip advisor. I was a little sceptical of the location (being on the outskirts of the main tourist centre) but I was eventually persuaded one by the reviews and two by the competitive price.Turns out that its location was its biggest pull. We were given a room on the 17th floor, opened the blind which sheilds the floor to ceiling / wall to wall window to see the most amazing view of the city. It was even better at night.The room was very trendy too. There was an amazing shower with jets and what i can only refer to as a waterfall shower.Location wise, it was actually rather good. Attractions in Barcelona are pretty spread out so it's best to get to terms with the metro system. There is a metro stop literally minutes away and you can be in the centre within 15 minutes of leaving the hotel. If you are not so keen on using the metro there was a stop for the open top tourist bus right outside the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>NPWParis
<Content>Great value, geat views This hotel, which we didn't know beforehand, turned out to be a great value choice for a weekend in Barcelona. The rate was 120 euros per night for two including full breakfast. This hotel is a new tower block at the seaward end of the Diagonal, a little too far from the centre to walk but with metro, tram and bus connections, and great views over the Mediterranean and the city. Rooms are cleverly designed to make the best use of space and the warm wooden panelling is remarkably lavish given the room rates. The design in the rest of the hotel is far more convincing than at La Florida up on Tibidabo, where I stayed for the previous two nights, and at half the price. The breakfast room is fairly spartan but the buffets are unusually generous and there's something for everyone: eggs, bacon and so on, but also grilled vegetables, Spanish specialities and a vast selection of pastries. A very good base for visiting the city.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>janRotoruaNewZealand
<Content>Don;t Go past This One !! This hotel was more than we had expected,asked for a floor higher than the 20th story and we got the 26th floor.free Lemonade,coke.water each day in your fridge,free wireless internet connection,the open top tourist bus stops right out side,the breakfast is amazing,very helpful and friendly staff.our rate was $220 including breakfast a night.only moan was the swimming pool was a little small.our room looked out over the ocean and we saw the sun rise each morning.Magic hotel!!Has a 24 hour check in so your room is always ready.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simonlewis9
<Content>Simply the best This has to be the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed in. My girlfriend and I stayed here recently and loved every second. The check in was super efficient and we were so lucky to have a room on the 25th floor. The views are breathtaking. The bathroom was superb and the rooms so clean and comfortable! We didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonersUK
<Content>Great weekend break!       Complimentary slippers  dressing gowns..  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>HonkHonk
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel       Sleeping Area  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TM_Trademark
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Views are fabulous. Hotel staff was helpful and polite. Enjoyed the complimentary minibar and the great bathroom shower. Bed was firm but comfortable. The blackout shades on the window and glass bathroom wall worked well. Even though the hotel isn't very close to the main tourist areas, we had no problem using the subway and tram to get around. When connecting to different lines in the subway, there are often many stairs involved so this may not work well for someone with limited mobility. Barcelona is beautiful, with lots of interesting architecture. We went through Casa Battlo and saw other Gaudi buildings. Also enjoyed going to the Olympic stadium and Spanish Village on Montjuic.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>KT79
<Content>Brilliant My partner and I went to Barcelona for a weekend break and prior to booking spent a lot of time researching hotels and eventually selected the Barcelona Princess.The hotel is slightly out of town but despite this it has excellent transport links and is on the tourist sightseeing bus route.The breakfast buffet was excellent and catered for all tastes.The hotel room was excellent and the views both from the room and the hotel lift were amazing. The only annoyance was that the double bed was two singles pushed together and they had a habit of moving so you'd end up falling down the middle.The bathroom was quite open plan but there was a privacy blind and the shower with it's numerous outlets/heads was out of this world.We had an excellent time staying at the Princess and would definitely recommend it and would return there.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>liv83
<Content>Good for relaxing holiday On arrival we spoke to an unfriendly younger male staff member. He gave us a room on a 20+ floor. Upon arrival in the room we noticed it was a smoking room. Both of us are non-smokers and we had requested a non-smoking room. When we pointed this out, another staff member quickly gave us the only non-smoking room left, which had a sea view but no useable balcony.The room was very clean and welcoming to come home to at night. We liked the free minibar, although it would ve been better if you could choose the drinks in it beforehand. The bed was amazing and consisted of two rather large individual mattresses. We fell in the space between them once but that was our own fault. The window blinds are excellent. The ensuite bathroom gave the room a cold, modern look and was not entirely practical. We got it out of sight by putting down the blinds in between room and bathroom. The toilet offers virtually no privacy. It isnt even possible to close it properly and it has a see through door. Luckily there are plenty of toilets available on the lower floors.The shower was fantastic. It is built for taller people, but you can change the direction of the showerheads so that was not a problem. Amenities were good.Always keep the do not disturb sign on when you don't want the room to be made up yet, as the housekeeping staff are very quick to go in. I also found them to be the best housekeeping staff I've ever encountered. Very friendly. One lady went out of her way to find us two bathrobes and everyone was very courteous.What truly made our stay was the breakfast. It was excellent in every way. Staff was very professional. Variety was very good. Truly relaxing start of the day.The swimming pool are 'lounging areas' rather than meant for actual swimming. Lounging chairs were occupied pretty early every day. The swimming pool downstairs is too chilly, with everyone able to look at you when walking aroundin the hotel. The swimming pool on the 23rd floor offers a great view of the sea. However, only one person can swim in it at once so its at best used as an occasional refreshment. The area quickly got very very crowded on a sunny day, with people lounging very close to eachother without available chairs left.Location is rather far from city sights, but close to the beach and to the big shopping complex right next door. Not good location for experiencing nightlife unless you take a cab.Overall, we had a very relaxing stay, thoroughly enjoyed breakfast and would come back next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	2	

<Author>Thomh21
<Content>Had a good stay!       Bathroom (note the sellotape!)  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>katieoldman
<Content>barcelona trip me and my boyfriend went to barcelona for a short holiday to relax, the barcelona princess met all our needs, the food was great, the pools were brill and the hotel staff did every thing to make us happy. if you are looking for a quite, relaxing spot in barcelona this is the place for you, the beach is a five minute walk and is beautiful and also quite!!!! there are alot of places to eat and the staff there are also friendly and willing it help you with any questions!!! i really had a lovely time in barcelona and also at the hotel, i would defo go back to barcelona and to barcelona princess!!!! by the way watch out for money grabbing taxi drivers and thieves in the market!!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ash04
<Content>Jewel in Barcelona's Crown       The view from our room was amazing  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mccclan
<Content>Lovely hotel. Away from centre though. Lovely hotel. Booked 3 rooms and all were of same high quality. Really nice furnishings and fantastic views.Amazing showers and very clean, modern layout. FREE yes FREE mini bar which included 1 beer, 2 water, 1 Coke and 1 Lemonade. We slept in for breckie as blackout blinds are amazing. There is great shopping mall next door but it is a treck into town. We did walk were knackered.Only one other point, we booked 3 rooms with two being for kids. If you book the pay per view channels the porn is automatically on the list. Full on stuff too. My eight year old daughter was agog initially as we were caught unawares when browsing the movies. Teenage boys were delighted though.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>stephlynch76
<Content>The best sleep of my life! Barcelona Princess, how apt a name! We absolutely loved our stay here. Aside from the fantastic staff, our room itself was exquisite. We were on the 11th floor and had a view all across the city of Barcelona and at night lying in the room and watching the city sparkle was breath taking. The bed was divine also and we both sleep so well over the course of the 4 nights that we went looking to see the make of the mattress!! One of the complaints about this hotel is its location. We picked it because we wanted to have the option of the beach as well as the city and for us the location was perfect. The public transport in Barcelona is second to none and a couple of minutes walk from the hotel itself is a tram stop, metro stop and a good tour bus stop. The beach is a stroll away and right next door is a large shopping centre. All in all Barcelona is one of the nicest cities and coming home each evening to the Princess made our stay magical!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>moonlight_sonata
<Content>Modern and comfortable with great views!       top floor views..  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	3	2	

<Author>Violet_Rita
<Content>Five Stars!!! Barcelona Princess is a really nice hotel for everyone who want to visit Barcelona. It is located near everything that is important for a tourist: bus stations, undergound stations, roads, a shopping centre, a large park and a wonderful beach. Furthermore, its accomodation is superbe. The rooms are really modern and spacious, the bar and the restaurants are confortable and serve good meals and there is also places for fun, such as big rooms, gymnasium and swimming pools. It is also necessary to mention the fact that the staff is very friendly, suportive and helpful. I had a medical accident there, and if it wasn't for them, I would have find trouble to solve it in an unknown city for me! Final recommendantion: book your stay to Princess Barcelona Hotel, because you will never find such a friendly and comportable hotel like this!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wise_horse
<Content>This relaxing hotel complements the city hustle and bustle I love this hotel! The location, while just a little far from the centre, was good. Close to the beach, and away from the noise of the city. Very close to the metro and tram too. Our room was very stylish with a very comfy bed. We were lucky to be high up and have a balcony so that we could enjoy the views across the city. The amount of glass walls and walkways was rather unnerving at first but I soon got used to it. Only 1 beer per couple in the mini-bar though. I loved the rooftop pool with the views out to sea.The breakfast was plentiful and varied. And the service was excellent.I think our trip to Barcelona would have been very different if we had not been in this hotel. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rosie34
<Content>loved it! This is a really nice hotel and perfect for exploring Barcelona. It is so easy to get around - the tourist bus stops right outside, tube line 2 min walk away which takes you directly to the best nightlife, restaurants, bars etc). I found the staff to be very helpful and the rooms clean and well equipped. It is attached to a brilliant shopping centre too if you like a bit of retail therapy! I got it at a great price, including breakfast which was well worth the trouble to find! Loved the pool and views! Cant fault it, would definately go back.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>wantto
<Content>Too Far out for me I,m afraid This was my second stay in Barcelona and I was swayed towards the hotel as the reviews indicated that the location was not a reason not too stay. I have to say that this was not the case in my opinion. The hotel was so far out that it felt like staying on a housing estate. It lost all of the feeling that you get from staying in the Rambles and Port Olimpic which is one of the nicest spots on the beach was a 40 minute walk away. Dont be decieved by the comment that it is 300 metres from the beach as the beach up this end of town is uninhabited. That said the rooms are good and spacious and the views of the city are great. if you dont mind being out of the hub this still may be the hotel for you  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iandi08
<Content>Loved it! We stayed here for a short city break and it was fantastic!Check in was easy and we were upgraded to a junior suite. Our room was a great size with free mini bar which was replenished every day with water, coke, lemonade and a bottle of lager. The room was very clean and we were provided with clean towels, robes and slippers daily. We didn't book for breakfast and it was expensive to add on. However, we found lovely cafes in the centre to have a lazy morning breakfast so didn't miss it.The pool at the top of the hotel is long and very narrow but perfect for a short dip after all that sight seeing. There is also a second pool on the third floor with a lounge and bar area.The hotel is situated a bit out of the city but the hop on hop off bus stops right outside which makes travelling very easy. There is also a metro stop very close by and the trains run quite late, again making it easy to get about. We work in London so are used to the tube system, perhaps others might not want to use this mode of transport late at night, although we felt perfectly safe. It was only a 20 minute journey on the metro so a taxi would be quicker. There are also regular buses if you can figure them out!The hotel is perfect for the beach, just a short walk away. The beach, although man made, is brilliant. A perfect contrast to the busy city.Next door to the hotel is a huge shopping centre with lots of shops, including a large supermarket in the basement. As part of the centre there is a selection of restaurants which are outside and in a pedestrian area. They are great for eating, drinking and watching the world go by. Nice alternative rather than going back into the centre. The food here was better than that in the hugely touristy areas.Every visitor to Barcelona must get on the hop on hop off bus tour - as city tours go, it's the best I've been on. There are 3 routes and you can chop and change as much as you want. They visit all the must see sights of Barcelona and it gives you an opportunity to rest your legs!Please don't be put off this hotel because of the location - it's really great!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pskuse
<Content>Rude Arrogant Staff Hotel is great, the staff in the resturant and pool bar seemed to be put out by asking for a table for breakfast or ordering drinks.Customer Care Training is in Urgent Need i would not go back because of this.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	3	5	3	1	5	

<Author>yourterriblemuriel
<Content>A great stay we stayed at the Princess for just one night during a South of France holiday. It was definately worth the 2 hour drive, and we wished we could have stayed longer. The bedroom was excellent, the bed was pristine and so comfortable, and the shower was the best i have ever experienced! Everything felt clean and fresh, penty of soft white towels, and the electronic blind was fabulous. Amazing view across the city and you felt like you were in a penthouse suite. The black out blind was great too as you could have a decent lie in if you wanted to. Great glossy guide book by the bed too. Dont get too excited about the free minibar - it was only a couple of soft drinks, and some water, but it was a great touch. Didnt rate the breakfast that much, but it didnt matter. Staff were quite rude and everything seemed to run out - that might have been because we only managed to stagger there 10 mins before it was finishing. The pool on the 23rd floor was amazing. The only downside was not enough sun longers compared to the size of the hotel, and in peak season as well so it was pretty packed. we had to make do with towels (which were provided as you reached the pool) on the floor - bit uncomfortable and they could easily remedy this. But it was brilliant up there, perfect for sunbathing. The bar at reception I wouldnt bother with. Very expensive and we were there on a saturday night and it was dead. We got a cab (10 euros) to the Harbour where we had a fantastic night. I wouldnt hesitate to go back. For 拢90 a room, you cant go wrong.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Holmesey
<Content>A bit too far out... The hotel is not bad, clean and well maintained. Bedrooms are on the small side and as the beds are quite large it feels a little bit claustrophobic. Extras such as breakfast and laundry are expensive. The staff seemed not bothered most of the time and I often had to grab someones attention even though I was the only person standing at the counter! However, my biggest gripe is the distance from the centre of Barcelona. Despite previous comments I found the journey arduous. The Metro is quite close but it's still a 20 minute ride to Cataluyna station. It was sometimes hard to get taxis in the evening, particularly from 8 o'clock onwards and cost about 12 euro to get to the city. However Barcelona can be difficult to get a taxi from in the early hours and I spent over an hour trying to hail a cab one night wishing my hotel was more central.The princess is not a bad hotel and the beach around teh corner is great however I would highly recommend staying more central.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	1	5	2	3	2	

<Author>JulieStevenage_Herts
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from our second trip to the Barcelona Princess and had a great time. Our room was on the 14th floor, overlooking the city from where we could see a number of the major sights of Barcelona. We loved the large bed, the mini bar, excellent shower / wet room and the bath robes. Although the hotel is out of the city, the hop on hop off bus stops just outside. Also the Metro is just around the corner, and taxis are in good supply. We ate breakfast at a cafe over the road, as in the hotel it would have cost us 16 euros, this was despite an internet offer for complimentary breakfast which wasn't available to us because I didn't book direct with the hotel. We also enjoyed drinks in the corner bar, particularly the Cava which was just great. I would highly recommend this hotel, but book direct!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mse7827
<Content>Fab hotel at a great price I researched many hotels in Barcelona and landed on this one after reading multiple reviews and visiting the website. It turns out I made a great decision. A truly modern hotel with excellent amenities: free internet cable, free beverages in the mini fridge and an excellent breakfast buffet. It was a little outside of the city center but very close to the Maresme metro stop and a quick walk to the beaches. The only downside was the limited number of chaise lounges by the pool, but the rest of the hotel more than made up for it. For the price we paid and the quality of the hotel I would 100% stay here on my next visit to Barcelona  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Nat0712
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Couldn't find fault with the hotel. It isn't in the centre which may put some people off but it really shouldn't. The staff were incredibly friendly and always on hand to answer any questions. The room was larger than expected and the bed was extremely comfy.The tram stop is a 2 minute walk away from the hotel and there are regular buses to the centre too. We also took a taxi a couple of times which cost around 10 euros each way. The shopping centre next door provided us with something quick and easy to do while the rain poured down.The one problem we had was the rain, it would seem that the building didn't cope well, there were a few leaks from all of the glass. Staff were constantly making sure water was dried up so this didn't matter.I would definately recommend this hotel don't be put off by the location.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AudyLongford
<Content>Excellent, Fabulous Hotel All I can say is this was the perfect hotel to stay in. The Metro is literally 2 minutes away. There are buses and trams but the metro was so easy, didnt need taxis or any other transport. The room was fabulous. The minibar was re-stocked every day, 2 swimming pools, sauna, small gym and jacuzzi (all free). They had robes and slippers, shaving gear, toothbrush etc. In fact if you just had your passport with you, you'd have no problems here. There's a Shopping Centre right next door. There was a carnival / fairground overlooking the sea less than 5 minutes away. The view was unbelievable, overlooking City Centre. Honestly I cannot find one thing that is bad to say about this hotel. The staff were really friendly. The breakfast buffet is probably one of the best I've ever had in all of the places Ive been to in Europe. It was so easy to get around Barcelona and really nice to come back to a place that was peaceful. The airport train leaves you in Station de Franca (train was free from airport !) and go around the corner and get the metro to Forum, up the steps turn right and less than 2 minutes the Hotel is in front of you. I read all the reviews before I left and was worried it was far away from the sights but that is so not true. Enjoy it was absolutely wonderful!!!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JKLWales
<Content>watch out for the con men!! 7th May 2008Stayed at the Barcelona Princess hotel for a long weekend in April. Hotel very clean and comfortable with views over the city.The outdoor pool was closed as was the pool bar so the amenities were not as advertised by the hotel.The breakfast was outstanding with a wide selection although very pricey if not booked beforehand. The staff were very helpful when we had to return home a day early due to a situation at home.The metro was easy to use and people were happy to help out if you did not understand the system at first.The shopping mall next to the hotel was huge with many eating places although a bit pricey for what it was - eating in the middle of thousands of people with the accompanying noise!BEWARE of the conmen operating on Las Ramblas!!! We were conned by a gang and lost some money. The police were not interested in helping us and this soured our holiday to such an extent we won't be returning to Spain again.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ttbko
<Content>Check out the Shower! We stayed here some while ago and have been very remiss in writing a review for it. In essence, it was a joy! It was far enough out of the city to show more of Barcelona than we would otherwise have seen but close enough - a few minutes ride on the metro - to be in the midst of everything in no time. The food was nice though the room service was better, our room on the 24th floor had fabulous views and the most spectacular shower we have ever encountered! Just how many places for water to emerge can a girl manage at any one time? At the time, we assumed all the rooms had the same sort of facilities but, having read some of the reviews, clearly not! All I can say is that the hotel gods were obviously smiling on us that day and for that, I thank them unreservedly.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Steampiper
<Content>Loved the Princess Stayed here over Easter holiday. Rooms were very roomy and spotless! It was nice to have the free internet access, plus robe and slippers and other amenities. The bedroom/bathroom was separated by a door that kept out any hallway noise. It was nice and quiet...and most of all, clean. The staff was the best! One of the members of our event had a pickpocket occurance, and the hotel staff went out of their way to help him. Breakfast buffet is a bit pricey..17 Euros, but it's nice to try at least once. Diagonal Mar shopping mall is attached to the hotel. Nice boutiques and eateries there, and also a bank next door to change your currency. Metro is across the street from the hotel, and easy to use and get around town. But, watch out for the pickpockets. They were running all over during the Easter break targeting tourists.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>B0wz
<Content>Enjoyable Stay A 20 minute taxi drive from the airport this hotel is nicely situated on the outskirts of the city, near the brand new forum section of barcelona. The hotel is ideal for people looking for a comfortable stay away from the hussle of the city but close to the beach.The location for the beach in the summer is fantastic, only about a 5 minute walk. And although outside the city center a bus stop right outside the hotel means that this problem is solved within 10 minutes.We booked into the hotel late in the evening and were quickly allocated a room. The room was spacious without being too big. The minibar was well stocked with drinks and the bathroom was very impressive. We also had a balcony which overlooked the main road into the city, i had expected it to be noisey but the car traffic 15 floors below really was not noticable.The hotel features a pool which was my only complaint, the pool on the top floor was reasonably warm when the sun was on it but when the sun went over at about 4pm the pool quickly cooled down and really was a little too cold. Also the top floor pool section has limited seating and we found that all the seats were quickly taken by about 8am.The pool on the 3rd floor was even worse, i only ventured into it once and it was really unbearably cold (this was suprising because the outside temp was 28 - 35 Oc. This meant the pools in the hotel were a bit disappointing. The jacuzzi was pleasent and usually there was space to use it. Only on 2 occasions it was full. The sauna was the best part of the hotel in terms of ease of use, they have 2 seperate saunas and they were always empty meaning a nice relaxing 30 minutes was more or less guarenteed.The food in the hotel was pleasant, not too pricey and had reasonably big portions.The drinks at the bar at the front of the hotel were quite expensive but my god! 8 Euros for a jack daniels and i think he gave me the whole bottle!!Overall the hotel well worth 4 star, good bedrooms, good service near to the beach and a short bus ride to the city center.Would come back to this hotel again if i was looking for a relaxing hotel near the beach in Europes best city.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ladyuk85
<Content>Lovely hotel Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel over the Easter weekend for 3 nights. Its a lovely modern hotel. The check in staff were polite and helpful when we checked in and we could go to our room right away at 12noon. The room was lovely and clean. I will list the bad points of the hotel first:- Kingsize bed was infact 2 single beds pushed together, very annoying as if you lay in the middle this split apart and you fell down the middle- No plug near a mirror, meaning if you had hair straitners or tongs etc you had no mirror to sit in front of (there was a hair dryer and shaving plug near the mirror though)- The shower was a nice shower but never powerful, it only went powerful if you had on scorching hot- The lifts were very slow, waited 10 minutes for a lift, and there are 3 of them!!- Breakfast was cold- Room service food wasnt niceGood points:- The selection of the breakfast was marvellous and even though it wasnt really hot, it was still good- Staff very polite- Very clean and modern- Free minibar, dressing gowns and slippers- The view from 26th floor is amazing, even if you dont stay on it, take the lift up for photos- Its right by a metro stop and next to a lovely shopping centre- Electric black out blinds, they were wonderful- Bar downstairs is very nice and relaxingThis hotel isnt in the centre of the city, but i would always stay here again as was 10 mins from the centre and in the centre its a lot of hustle and bustle and i liked that when we left the city we could escape that and relax.I loved Barcelona but thought the Spanish people were not very friendly to tourists, many did not speak English. One taxi driver chucked us out of his taxi because we did not speak Spanish even though we gave him the name of our hotel, the road name and the shopping centre name, he started shouting at us and the few words i know in Spanish i knew this to be shouting abuse at us. was very scary.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quattromonti
<Content>High tech hotel, great views! The Princess Hotel is located at the end of the Diagonal, just next to the Diagonal Mar shopping center (Fnac, Media Markt, Zara, Mango, Vips, Cortefields...) ; the best in barcelona! Rooms are not very big but the view makes up for it! There is a roof top swimming pool with a superb view over the sea!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Dubliner(F)
<Content>Amazing Views       Barcelona  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>sazzlestravels
<Content>Beautiful Hotel. We stayed in the Barcelona Princess last March and have just booked to stay in it again in June.This is one of the nicest hotels that I have ever stayed in. The rooms are beautifully decorated and very clean. We also found the rooms very quiet and the blackout blinds are brill for a good night's sleep. The enormous window in the room is ideal for watching the word go by if you fancy a lazy evening.We didnt get around to checking out the restaurant or bar but we are hoping to try them out on our next visit. The shopping mal next door is also great for shopping and for meals.Although the Princess isnt central, its not hard to reach all the attractions if you dont mind using the Metro. There is a Metro stop less than 5 mins walk away. From here you can get on a Bus or Train to take you to the airport so no need for pricey taxi's.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lots54
<Content>Highly recommended I have just returned from a short break staying at the Barcelona Princess Hotel. All in all, this was a fantastic hotel. I would recommend asking for a room as high up as possible (as long as you don't suffer from vertigo!) with the city view. You get views from the huge windows across the entire city. Free mini bar was useful and the bathroom and blackout blinds were great. Although the hotel is not in the centre of Barcelona, it was very easy to get round the city. There is a metro station (El Maresme Forum I) within 2 minutes walking distance from the hotel, and you can get into central Barcelona in about 10 minutes on the metro. I would highly recommend using the metro, as it is a very quick and cheap way to get around. The shopping centre is loacted next to the hotel. Within this you can find a huge supermarket, although the restaurants are all chain restaurants so I would recommend venturing further into the city to eat. Barcelenta has some good restaurants by the port, particulalry if you like fish.Some quick tips? If your going to use the public transport, purchase a T10 ticket at any of the metro or train terminals. This costs about 7 EUROS and lasts for 10 journeys on any of the public transport options. The open top bus tours are a good way of seeing the city and you can hop on and hop off. although be carful as these can be fairly busy.All in all a great hotel in a great part of the world.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ChocolateRain
<Content>Great Hotel A fantastic modern hotel. Not in the centre of Barcelona but does have a shopping centre and restaurants next to it. We stayed on the 26th floor so the views were fantastic and you can see the major tourist sites and the sea. About 5 mins from the beach. Staff were friendly. Free minibar but limited drinks (one beer, one coke, one lemonade and two bottles of sparkling water.) Breakfast is not included and quite expensive - There are lots of restaurants and cafes around the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theperks
<Content>Amazing Hotel We stayed at the Barcelona Princess around 18 months ago and have been very lazy about writing the review. This is no refection on the hotel, just me being lazy . . . . .The hotel is brilliant, couldn't fault it. Accepted it's not in the centre of the city but for me that's part of the appeal, it's very close (two minute walk tops) to a metro station and a tram stop to get in and out of town and being near apartment blocks you can get a feel for how the locals live in this great city.There's also a shopping centre nearby (again two minute walk) with bars, basic restaurants (Pizza Express) and a supermarket .The hotel is very modern with professional friendly staff, spotless rooms with the most amazing views of the city (as another member said, ask for a city view) and really cool features like electric blackout blinds and and insanely brilliant shower.Don't let the location put you off, this is what makes it more affordable as if this was in the centre it'd cost double to stay here, it is easy to get to the sights and we even walked it more than once.Going to Barcelona, stay here!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>apexe
<Content>Excellent Hotel The hotel is an impressive building with a glass elevator with great views over the city in a more commercial/corporate zone of the city. However the underground is excellent and cheap and there is a stop a short walk away.The style of the rooms is modern and quite luxurious with use of glass and dark wood. The shower and bathroom were very impressive and the bed was the dreamy type that was hard to drag yourself away from.Staff were professional, well manered and helpful.. The foyer is smallish in size with a trendy communal seating area. We ate out during our stay as we wanted to spend more time in the city. We did have room service one night which was above expectations although not outstanding.We got a great deal at the time but looking at other times the prices tend to vary so its one to keep yoour eye on.High up with great views over the city made it a great stay for my wife and I where we could lock ourselves away in relative luxury for a few days.One of our favourite stays.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mcbabe2223
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Great Mall next door! I took my boyfriend here for his 18th birthday in March 2006, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay!Totally modern and chic, it's a perfect base that is completely luxurious. the rooms, though small are all that you need.I'm more a bath person but the showers in the rooms are just incredible! I never wanted to get out, they were like something you see on Cribs!The beds were huge and very comfortable and spacious and the help of a nice big fridge was a bonus, it meant food could be bought and kept withough going bad.Right next door to this hotel was the Diagonal Mar, a fab shopping mall with some lovely restaurants and cafes. We ate at alot of these during our 5 days in barcelona as they were inexpensive and really lovely. It helped that we can speak quite good spanish as this area is more spanish speaking than others.Try the metro for a good way to get around, it's cheap and reliable. And try the Barcleona Zoo as a fun day out, it was inexpensive and we had a good day.The only problem with this hotel was the check-in lady, who was quite rude and snotty and repeatedly started chatting away in Spanish to someone else as I was talking to her, she obviously didn't know I could understand her. Other than her rudeness the hotel is just lovely and a great place to call home for a short visit. If it's more than a 5 day jaunt you're after I'd probably say try a different hotel as the rooms are just not big enough for a long stay. Maybe a few nights in the Barcelona Princess and a few nights in another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>mickeymlai
<Content>Very good hotel!! can even see the Famous chapel from my room This is a really good hotel, I stayed there in 2005 June, but I believe it is still good next to the beach and is not consider to be far from the city...(well spain has very good transport I would say)to reach the city centre, either by bus or tube and is really close....Also there's is a supermarket right next to it...also restaurants..whatelse you wanted to know...People are very friendly at the reception desk as well...and its 24 hour desk...room is nice and big...you will love it..either you are a picky person or not...high tech, luxury etc!!Just ask for a high level floor when you book it...is absolutely lovely with the price that you are paying...  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AtlPony
<Content>Wow We stayed at the Barcelona Princess about 1 year and a half ago and were so impressed. For the price we paid, we couldn't believe how nice it was. We were pretty tired from traveling by train for a whole day upon our arrival. The bed was amazing! Blackout shades made the room so quiet and dark - best sleep I've ever had in my life. And the hotel was just beautiful. Everything was so clean and modern. Service was impeccable. I highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnGEdinburgh
<Content>Modern elegant but a bit out of town This is a modern Hotel to the North of the city. It is in a suburb dominated by the conference centre and the largest shopping mall in Barcelona. There isnt a lot to do near the hotel, but it is right next to a tram line and an underground station, so you can be in the heart of the city in a few minutes. Its is a shame not to stay right in the heart of the city, so this would not be my first choice, but it is clean, modern with friendly staff. Overall not bad.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tag_Beak
<Content>A Stylish Hotel Stayed here on 27-30 Dec and was well impressed. We were on 20th Floor with a City view. If you get the choice of sea/city view like us it has to be City. You could see the whole of Barcelona including many of the sights including Sagrada Familia. The rooms are really modern. There are electronic blinds covering the huge windows which look out over the city.If you dont like heights the glass elevator might worry you a bit but we loved it. Nice bar on the ground floor with decent prices. The free mini bar in the room is stocked each day with one estrella beer, coke, fanta and two waters. Breakfast was really good. Lots of choice, good food, nice dining room. The earlier you go the better as some things ran out after 10am.We took the metro everywhere. The Maresme Forum station is two mins walk from the hotel and its about 6/7 stops to the edge of the Barri Gotic. Get T10 tickets - 10 trips for about 7 EUR.Barcelona:-We did the camp nou tour. Well worth the money. Got the metro from hotel to Collblanc station. Then its about 10 min walk.Took the cable car to Montjuic Castle. The views are superb from up there.Eating and Drinking in barcelona can be hit and miss. Restaurants are generally quite small in the barri gotic area. We found them quite full and cramped. Dont go to TAPAS GAUDI which is on a street off Las Ramblas. This place wasn't full, probably because they serve awful luke warm tapas.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cornishtim
<Content>Stylish hotel for New Year We stayed at this hotel with friends for New Year 2008 and had a great time. Upon checking in it did appear that they didn't have our rooms; however I think this was more down to Expedia's fault than the hotel's and was swiftly resolved by the multi-lingual check in staff.We stayed in a normal room and it was great - very clean, free mini-bar, views of the sea and a super king bed. There was no bath. but the shower was powerful with extra jets.The only bar open when we were there was the Corner bar on the ground floor - this was probably more to the time of year - it was nice and clean with friendly, helpful staff.If you're staying here for business then you probably can't do better. If you're staying for personal holiday, then it's very nice and I would recommend it. If you're after an intimate, cosy, boutique-style hotel, then this probably doesn't quite fit the bill.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>loobs40
<Content>Good, but a bit far out I booked BB through Alpharooms for my son and I.Checking In and Checking Out was pleasant and efficient.Room clean with good bathroom facilites and comfortable beds, though those unused to firm beds may not consider that to be the case. There is also a free mini bar with soft drinksBreakfast was the usual extensive buffet found in many hotels, though all I wanted was a plain croissant (not available) and a coffee. Not worth the 鈧?9 it was advertised at. Dinner looked very expensive so we chose to eat in the centre of BarcelonaThe hotel is quite far out from the centre of Barcelona, and although there is a good Metro service and bus service (no 7 goes to Passieg de Gracia) it felt like we were forever travelling. Next time we go, we will probably look for accommodation more central  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Shopaholic1981
<Content>what a cool hotel! This is a VERY cool hotel - I have to say I loved it. The location is a bit out of the city centre but there is a metro stop about 100m away from the hotel and a tram stop just up the road also so the distance shouldnt be a problem. it is right next door to a huge shopping centre and food court. There is also a lovely quiet beach a short distance away by foot. The views from the room are amazing. Huge big windows provide you with a fabulous view over the city. The pools are quite small I have to say but they are lovely to sit and relax at after a long hot day shopping/sight-seeing. I have recommended this hotel to loads of my friends.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>gareth78
<Content>Good basic hotel I travelled to this hotel with my wife and son to visit my parents who keep a boat in Barcelona. From the website the hotel looks very impressive.On arrival the check in staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 19th floor and our room was clean but a little small and not child friendly at all. The hotel is ultra modern and has all electric blinds, sharp edges and glass everywhere, not great when you've got a 6 month old crawling round.To visit the pool you need to have a strong stomach to cross the glass bridge on the twenty something floor between the two blocks. The pools are dissapointing and very cold, although you have the benefit of splashing people on the pavement below.I would not rush to stay here again, it lacked warmth and charm but did the job none the less.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsAngry
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Just returned from two nights. Barcelona is a fabulous city and had a great trip. The hotel was superb and find it very difficult to find anything wrong as others have stated. The views are spectacular, the blackout blinds great. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Will be booking to go again!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mr_Aquarius
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed here in Sept 2007, Found the staff friendly  helpful. Hotel is located approx 50m from an entrance to the Diagonal Mar shopping centre.The centre has loads of quality shops located over 3 floors, Plenty of restaurants are available on the 3rd floor  i would recommend the Yellow Thai curry at the thai restaurant !.Transport is great from here, The tourist bus stops right outside the hotel, Recommend you buy the 2 day pass (only costs you an extra 4 euros!), Journey into the city takes about 15 mins, You have 3 routes that will take you all around the city (If you get the chance recommend the Gaudi Park on the red route, Walk right to the top of the hill for some amazing views !), Only downside is the last bus is at 9pm. The metro is only about 2 mins walk from the hotel.The rooms were great, Excellent beds  the power shower was fantastic !. The views from the 23rd floor are good, The lifts are made of glass  are on the outside of the building so grab your camera's for some amazing views frm the top of the 26th floor !. Overall i would recommend this hotel to anyone, It's just the right distance from the city.......  madness of Las Ramblas ! lol  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>T-dot_Traveller_76
<Content>Very Good Hotel in Barcelona I booked the Barcelona Princess for 2 nights starting August 31st through an Air Canada website and I was a little concerned that the bookings would work, but all my fears were absolved once I arrived. I thought the staff were very pleasant, and considering my wife and I were very early, they had no problem checking us in right away.The room was a decent size, and coming from North America I was a little concerned about that. All the amenities were sufficient and I really like the fact that the mini bar had a few beverages free of charge. The location of the hotel is a little away from the main hub of town, however, the public transportation in Barcelona is so good that it doesn't really matter. All in all I found the hotel to be great and definitley would recommend anyone booking their vacation here.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>TheChambers
<Content>Had a fantastic stay - don't listen to all the bad reviews!       View from our room on the 22nd floor (room 2203)  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baah-humbug
<Content>Great showers, but grumpy uncaring staff and bad location. What a shame. This is a stunning building with great views and lovely showers. However, the staff are grumpy and there is a big problem with noise at night from a nearby club.When we stayed the metro branch that went near the hotel was closed for maintenance (which was told to us with an uncaring shrug from the reception staff) so we went by bus. Full of local colour but very slow, stopping every 25 metres or so. The area around is dead (except for the shopping arcade next door) and very unlike the rest of Barcelona which is buzzy and fun.I didn't feel like the staff cared who came and went, or whether we were enjoying ourselves or not. A very contemporary, minimalist interior. Which is great, except that it is really starting to show signs of wear and tear already. To sum up, this hotel lacks a feeling of care and attention (either to the guests or to the fabric of the hotel itself).In retrospect we would definitely have stayed nearer the centre of the city.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>happytrippercymru
<Content>Think twice before booking Booked Barcelona Princess for a short break. It is out of town, but public transport is good and so that's not a problem (although NB no local restaurants if you don't want a late bus/taxi back in the evening). Biggest problem was with reception - the first room allocated (19 floor) turned out to be occupied when we arrived at it!!! The second was on a smoking floor (9 floor) with ashtrays and very stale smoke smells, even though reception assured us it was a non-smoking room. We pressed for a third room and were offered one on 4th floor (the last twin available apparently), which had the wardrobe doorhandle attached with copious amounts of sellotape, but was otherwise OK (unless you wanted working air con)....and of course the views from the 4th don't compare with the 19th. Oddest swimming pools we've ever seen. But Barcelona is fabulous so find yourself a good hotel and enjoy it.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grahamlj
<Content>More than adequate for exploring Barcelona After some of the previous reviews on the Hotel I was expecting a Catalna type of Fawlty Towers for the 5 night stay that I had booked . However I found the hotel to be conveniently located, the rooms comfy with good air con, the staff to be friendly from the receptionist to the bar staff and the pools to be okThe facilites were good and my wife and children thought it was one of the better hotels they have stayed in to the extent I have been puzzled by some of the previous comments made by fellow travellers.The Bus Turistic stops right outside the hotel and that is worth getting a 2 day pass to use as does a bus taking you to the 4 main beaches in Barcelona. there is a shopping mall with lots of rather undistinguished restaurants and you're better off eating near Las Ramblas or by the Olympic village where it is wall to wall restaurants.One thing worth noting Barca is a big city well spread out with no Sky scrapers so it does take a while to get anywhere.Do watch out for petty crime  don't carry a hand bag or wallet in back pocket. All in all an enjoyable 5 night stay at a good quality hotel with good local amenities  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	-1	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pippi-pie
<Content>everything you need to know about the princess! me and my family stayed at the princess in july 06. upon arrival we had no problem finding the princess, and when we arrived the hotel looked very impressive inside and out. while checking in we were delayed though because of the gentlemen next to us complaining about the hotel and wanted the manager and his money back! i can now see why. the rooms were very spacious and nice except the shower that leaked over the entire bathroom everytime you used it. also when we were there there was a storm and the whole corridor outside our room was flooded . the pools however were very nice, but slighty to small for all the guests in the hotel. the hotel resteraunt was always empty, perhaps because it was so expensive! so we walked to the restaurants around the corner- be warned, we encountered a lot of dodgy people walking there! we even got our bag nicked right outside the hotel by two men on a motorbike! the hotel were very helpful though. there is a bus stop right outside the hotel which was very useful, and the beach is in easy walking distace. there is also a mall in short walking distance from the hotel but a lot of youths hang out here, and i suspect that these are the ones that mahe so much noise outside the hotel every night.i would say that this hotel is more a business hotel then a pleasure one, i personally would not stay here again, and would stay closer to the centre of barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>FrancesBedfordshire
<Content>We will not stay here again We stayed here for 5 nights on floor 21, rooms 17 18 (junior suite). Room 18 has a balcony but if you have young children, I would not recommend letting them outside on the balcony without an adult. There is a CD player in room 18. Room 17 has a bath with a shower. Room 18 has a shower with jets which, is really nice and relaxing to use but unfortunately, the water leaks out all over the bathroom floor and I don't mean drips, I mean a lot of water so you have to shower really quickly and then use 2 or 3 towels to soak up the water. We had a view of the sea from our rooms. The drinks in the fridge in your room are free. Water, coke, lemonade and cheap beer.On Friday night, my husband and I got woken by really loud music and some guy talking really loud on a microphone. This was around midnight. The music did not stop until 6am. The music was coming from one of the buildings across the road. To put it into perspective, my husband never has any trouble sleeping where ever he goes so for him to be kept awake, well you can imagine! I went to reception the next day and asked the lady behind the desk if the music we had heard on the Friday night was a one off or did it happens every weekend. She looked at me blankly and said that it had not happened before and must have been a special occasion. On Saturday night, the music started to build up from 11,30pm and again did not end until 6am but this time fireworks were also let off. My husband and I could not believe it. Wherever you stay in the hotel, you will not be able to avoid the loud music or the guy talking on the microphone. My husband went to complain the next day. The receptionist advised him that the hotel have complained to the Council regarding the noise but have been told that there is nothing they can do, There were a number of people complaining in the hotel regarding the noise experienced. I am not sure if it is a regular occurrence i.e. if it is a nightclub or it happens every few weeks. On the second night, we even wore ear plugs but could still hear it slightly. The loud bangs from the fireworks woke my son up and not even the ear plugs could shield us from that noise.AC hotel and the Hilton hotel are close by. The AC hotel is even closer to where the music was coming from than Princess hotel!The pool on the 23rd floor was from what I saw mostly for sunbathers and adults. The other pool on floor 3 was shallow and more suitable for children. The water in both pools was very cold and we only managed to go swimming once as he water was freezing. In my opinion, not suitable to swim in. The hotel should have the water heated in the pools.We went to take my son into the Jacuzzi as the pool water was too cold. The Jacuzzi was absolutely discussing. It was a slimy dirty yellow colour. If the jets were on, you would probably not see this and get into the Jacuzzi, god knows what germs and bacteria you pick up!The gym is located on the 3rd floor in a room just off the pool, it was small but adequate.We put a do not disturb sign on our door but the maid still went in and did our room when we were out. On 2 separate occasions, she forgot to put duvet covers on our duvets. The beds are quite comfortable and are on wheels. You can put the brakes on the bed to stop them moving, something we did not discover until our third night.There is a tourist bus which takes you all around Barcelona. This costs around 19 Euros for 1 day or 23 Euros for 2 days. You are provided with earphones and can listen in various languages to interesting facts regarding sites around Barcelona. You can get on and off the tourist bus as many times as you want. You are provided with city maps and a discount booklet. Children under 4 go free on the tourist bus. Be sure to ask what time they stop running. I think it鈥檚 around 8/9pm.The metro and tram are also very easy to use.The shopping mall is right beside the hotel. There are various stores and a big supermarket. If you take any shopping into the supermarket, be aware that you have to place it in a plastic bag and seal it prior to entering the supermarket. There is a table with the plastic bags and a machine to seal it in the supermarket.There are a number of nice places to eat in the mall.The sea is about a 10/15 minute walk away from the hotel. There are no sun loungers on the beach or umbrellas. You can purchase straw mats (2.50 Euros) and umbrellas (4.99 Euros) from the supermarket in the mall. The beach has soft sand and showers to wash off sand when you are finished.In terms of taking food back to the hotel room, we never had any problems with this, we kept ham, butter, yogurts and beer in the fridge and crisps + water on the side. Personally I will not stay at this Hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>robitoSevilla
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I loved this hotel! One of the best Ive stayed in. Its a little far from the centre, but theres a metro stop right outside the front door, and 20 minutes takes you into the city.I choose this one because we were going to a show which was very near it. The receptionist was very friendly at check-in and gave us extras time to check out the next day because we had a later flight.The room was impeccable, very modern, everything clean, and the views were spectacular from the 11th floor. Then there was the two swimming pools, albeit quite small, the rooftop jacuzzi and the fitness suite. And the breakfast was amazing; a gigantic buffet.I dont really have anything bad to say about this hotel really!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kabirgirl
<Content>Out of town! If you are going to Barcelona for the buzz of Barcelona as a tourist.. this place is quite far from the center. However there are trams, tourist bus and taxis at the door.I was travelling for a conference in the adjacent conference centre and it was an ideal resting place for me.Clean, comfortable, friendly and good views from my room . Good buffet breakfast.. although tea drinkers win as you can choose a selection of teas and fill your own teapot.. for those who prefer coffee, there was just a vat of long stewed brew.!Free mini bar [water,coke,juice,beer] and free internet in the lobby.As a conference destination, this area is good.... There is good shopping mall next door with good shops and good selection of food outlets.2 nights was fine... but not a place for a longer stay.Also check there is no all night concert happening close by, as i heard you can be kept awake by loud music at times.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>thamestrader
<Content>Service? What Service This is a four star hotel with completely indifferent service. It is well below the 'Spanish' norm. We stayed for 3 nights for a conference. We were ignored or told incorrect information regularly. High point was getting a view of the Med lying in the bath! Breakfast at Eur17 is outrageous and does not make up for the free room bar. The 'razors edge' pool is exciting and the basic design is interesting although standard of finish is variable. Really surprised that other views here are positive at this category level. Don't go for the beach, its concrete!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Charl2509
<Content>Best Hotel Ever! My boyfriend and i went to the Barcelona princess for our first holiday and loved it. It was a little out of the centre but the tourist bus stopped right outside the hotel and the trams and metro were less than two minutes walk away. The hotel was very modern and clean. The room was cleaned every day and the mini bar- which was free was restocked everyday too. There are rules regarding taking your own food and drink into the rooms but we didnt find this a problem- we were never stopped taking our purchases upstairs. Our room was the top floor which meant a lift ride up 26 floors- great as the lift was glass and you could see for miles. This was great for views of the Sagrada Familia etc. Room was fairly big with a large comfortable bed, great power shower and blackout blinds and sky TV. Staff were friendly and always willing to help. Room service was avaliable. I would definately book the Barcelona Princess if i return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Karenina_7
<Content>Overpriced and impractical Me and my husband honeymooned at the Barcelona Princess this past January for 2 weeks. Given the amount of money we spent on our stay, I can honestly say that it was not worth it. If the price had been half of what it was, perhaps I'd be giving it a slightly better review. To begin with, the hotel is decorated in a very trendy--and therefore often very impractical--way. The front lobby has seating that looks sleek and modern, and that feels very awkward and uncomfortable. The bedroom had a great view (we were overlooking the Mediterranean) but was VERY SMALL and cramped. I don't even know how they expect people to be able to work at the desk that was against the window because the space is so cramped. What upset me most is that we booked a king-sized bed and when we got to the room they had pushed two beds together and figured that wouldn't be a problem (it was our honeymoon for crying out loud). When we complained, they had little to say to resolve the issue. They also don't have an iron and when I requested one, they told me that I needed to purchase one from a store. No iron? Come on.When we were there, one of the saunas was broken and there were problems with the elevator, which is a big problem when you're staying on the 22nd floor. My husband dined at the restaurant there one night (he arrived one night before me) and said that the food was mediocre at best, the portions were tiny, and the price outrageous (which was my impression of lots of places in Barcelona, to tell you the truth--my least favorite thing about the city is the cuisine and its cost). The bathroom is very modern but, again, very cramped. The hairdryer was ridiculously heavy by any person's standards.As for the positives, here they are:1) The hotel is pretty clean and the maid service is very reliable.2) The views from the building are beautiful.3) The train is nearby and very convenient for going downtown or anywhere else.4) The mall next door is very convenient for shopping for food, clothes, dining out, etc.5) The Italian bartender (whose name escapes me--sorry!) was a joy to talk to--he helped us with everything, from advice on restaurants, to how to get around, etc. He was a sweetheart and a consummate professional. We LOVED him.Overall, I don't think the Barcelona Princess is awful. It's a decent hotel, but completely overpriced, especially given that it's not downtown. I would say that it's a good place to stay if you're going on a business trip solo and the company's footing the bill, but as a couple going for a romantic vacation--SKIP IT!However, please don't let this review discourage you from going to Barcelona. Its reputation is well-earned as a remarkably beautiful city with lots of things to do and see. The architecture is breathtaking. Definitely go to Parc Guell, La Sagrada Familia, Tibidabo, Las Ramblas, the aquarium, the omni theatre, etc. My husband and I had an amazing vacation in Barcelona regardless of the hotel being less than we had hoped for.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Ericag
<Content>Some Good Some Bad Booked to stay at the Barcelona Princess Hotel sometime ago and found the reviews on this site quite good, then recently checked again and became a bit concerned. Well having just returned from a long weekend thought I would give my view.Good PointsGreat Power ShowerLarge Bath Sheets Very CleanFantastic View from the hotelI know it has been posted that you are not allowed to take in your own refreshments - we did and found that if we order a couple of mixers and ice, room service was very prompt.Not so goodAir Conditioning in the room 鈥?very poor. What made it worse was that all power is turned off when you remove your room key, hence no cooling. The Mini Bar is also powered off so the free drinks (nice touch) are not cold. A point to note 鈥?opting for a city view does have the disadvantage of attracting the afternoon sun. So come late afternoon the room is boiling, unless you keep the blinds down, which rather defeats the idea of having a city view.The lighting in the bathroom whilst quite good throws off a great deal of heat adding to the problem.The pool on the 23rd Floor didn鈥檛 appear to be heated but certainly cooled your feet down after a day walking around. Unfortunately due to the location by late afternoon the sun had moved completely off the pool.The bar advertised on the 23rd Floor didn鈥檛 open at any time over our long weekend as already noted by others.The location of the hotel we found to be too remote, whilst it is serviced by the tourist bus, metro and tram, to get into the city required a number of changes, hence we used taxis most of the time which were reasonably priced, but trying to get one late in the evening can be a bit of a problem.Generally found the hotel a bit too modern and without atmosphere.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BobBlock
<Content>Utter Rubbish I booked the Barcelona Princess pretty much based on the reviews I'd read on Trip Advisor and other sites like it, the reviews were typically very good. Well, after a long day roaming what seemed to be the culturally bankrupt city center of Barcelona, my partner and I returned to the hotel with the intention of relaxing in the pool and perhaps taking advantage of the sauna, and Jacuzzi.As we were staying on the 22nd floor, we decided to take the elevator up to the 23rd where there was supposed be a Bar and swimming pool.Well, there WAS a bar, which looked unused and empty, not just devoid of people but of any of the normal bar like things, drinks, glasses, staff! no matter we thought, perhaps we could find some RR in the pool. There was no such luck, the door to the pool was locked. There also seemed to be a prosession of couples looking for the facilities which they'd paid hard earned cash for.Down to the 3rd floor to check out the other pool sauna, and jacuzzi, there we'd find that both Saunas yes that 2 saunas for such a large hotel were both out of order, the Jacuzzi was a third full with some rather strangely coloured water the pool though open was freezing to the touch.I might also add that we bumped into another couple of people from Germany who were also less than impressed, particularly when they'd realised that they paid substantially more than me.After talking to them, we also compared rooms and facilities, it was only on entering their room we realised that the rooms were incredibly tiny and perhaps we'd been lucky with our room on the 22nd floor. Also to their utter horror, the cleaners had placed their belongings in the Bedet!!!! Whether this was a temporary measure while they cleaned the room, this is unclear, however I've never seen anything like this in a modern hotel moreover there was a perfectly good bed where possessions could have been placed during the cleaning of the room.To cut a long story, we all complained to the management about the lack of facilities and poor housekeeping, this didn't seem to register with the guy (once we'd managed to speak to the manager) he thought he could buy us off with cheap champagne and an offer of dinner.Its an appalling hotel, with poor staff, there is no access to the beach, as building work in currently being completed near by, besides the beach is covered in rocks. If you take away one thing from this review it should be this. DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES SPEND YOUR MONEY AT THIS PLACE, ITS UTTERLY APPALLING, FORGET THE NICE ONE OFF REVIEWS ITS [--]. I can put it no stronger terms, I'm currenly making a claim through Expedia/ATOL as a result.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mattsta
<Content>very trendy We stayed here for three nights from 27th April 2007 and we found it to be fantastic. Yes ok there are closer hotels to the city than the location of this one, but lets be honest is it such a hassle to walk for five minutes and then get on the very reliable metro (underground) for another 10 minutes? No. Hotel had great staff was beyond clean and was very open and tastefully decorated. The rooms are awesome with great full wall windows (the black out blinds were brill), the bed was massive and the bathrooms were super cool. I would not really advise this as a hotel for the more mature as i don't think they would really appreciate the lack of privacy of the bathroom but for anyone who is a little less fuddy duddy should go for it. Be warned to make sure the body jets on the shower are turned off before you get in though, or prepare yourself for a cold soakin in your PJ's. Rooms had a free safe and a mini bar with a couple of drinks included in the price. I would highly recommend you stay here but if I was 70 years old and a bit more Victor Meldrew then I would have hated it as it was very modern.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lleucu
<Content>We Loved The Princess I was a bit worried about staying here after reading some of the horror stories and bad experiences. I can honestly say we had a wonderful stay in this hotel, we didn't really spend an awful lot of time here using it as a base as we were only in Barca for 3 nights.About 10 minutes ride away from Las Ramblas on the Metro and 35 cab ride away from Barcelona Airport. Great location right next to the exhibition centre, shopping centre and huge food hall. Nearest metro 1 minute walk across the road. Quiet part of town, very safe.Lovely modern hotel very clean and minimal decor. 25 floors with 2 pools and a gym. Restaurant and bar open til 1am. 24 hour room service, porter, laundry service and 24 hour reception.We stayed in a superior suite on the 24th floor. Bath, shower, bede, toilet, hairdryer, with fresh towels and robes. Shampoo, soap, razor, shaving cream, nail file, comb, toothbrush and paste.Dressing room space, bedroom and balcony. Huge windows with amazing views of the city. TV, stereo, safe, free internet access (no wifi, conection wires available), phone, mini bar/fridge. Contains 1 beer, 1 small coke, 1 small lemon fizzy non alchoholic drink, 1 small still and 1 small sparkling water.Refilled every day. Shoe cleaner slippers and shoe horn. Smoking rooms/floors and non smoking available. A/C in room controlled by yourself.We loved this hotel, found the staff very friendly and polite. Quick easy check in. Gave us handy maps of the city and metro.Our porter bought up our bags and asked us if we needed anything or wanted info on where to go. Brilliant service.Amazing view from our balcony and in the lift going up. The only thing we didn't like that there wa no iron in the room. We found this very poor. Sadly we had to pay 41.80 euros for an emergency iorning service of 2 shirts a pair of trousers and skirt. Either bring wrinkle free clothes or a travel iron (I usually do bring one). Some other things we found expensive and didn't take advantage of. A tiny bowl of crisps in the bar 3.60 euros, and this one tickled me, ice, 4.80 euros a bucket on the 24 hour room service menu. I guess this tries and stops you from bringing in your own drinks. I would recommend this hotel to couples/singles and business people. We had a lovely stay here, it ticked all the boxes for us for our short stay. I certainly would stay again.Enjoy x  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Curly9
<Content>Issues with room and staff Hi, I stayed in the Barcelona Princess on the 22nd-26th of March 2007. The hotel is a bit out from La Rambla area so if you can find a hotel a little closer for an extra 50Euro I would suggest doing so as the hotel itself had nothing to draw you that far down the metro line unless you are penny pinching.On checkin it went fine, the room seemed fine, on the first day the blind did not work so we were up at dawn with the brightness in the room, they fixed this on the second day (we were there for 4nights). On the day they fixed the blind the safe would not open so we could not get our stuff out to start our tourist stuff. He brought back the safe after about 60mins it was so broke he had to carry it away and either fix it or replace with a good one. On the arrival back on the 3rd day the swipe would not work for us to gain access to the room. We were tired as most tourists are after walking around all day and had dinner booked for that night so wanted to lie down and shower etc. Instead we had to go down to reception where the lady who seemed to be around 30 odd yrs old so should have had more sense, she decided to show a younger staff member how to do it, so train him as we waited, so they made a mistake and now they were training the staff. Held my breath and said thanks and went up the 15floors and once again it didn't work, we went down again at this stage we are not happy as we are home 20mins now and going up and down like looneys. She sent up a guy with us with some special universal key, and once again it would not work so down the 15 floors again. He said it would be 30mins before we could get into the room as he had to get a handy guy. I said this to the orginial lady who seemed to have no empathy with our situation I asked what she suggest we do for 30mins considering we have been trying for 20mins to get in at our expense (up and down 3times) she said wait I asked for a drink of wine in the bar she said no. I asked for the manager she said there was none on duty, to that I said who is in charge if there is a fire and she said there is no fire. So rather than making us more frustrated I decided to say no more and go for a walk, we called back at 21:45 and she said It was open 10mins after we left anyway before we even said anything so we could have exploded with frustration with the receptionist as she was not being constructive or sympathetic. A glass of wine would have kept us relaxed and quiet and you get a complementary beer and coke every day in your fridge (cheap beer) so I can't understand why she was so reluctant to see it from our point of view and give a little.So staff problems with zero empathy is a high chance should anything go wrong. Also it is a bit out making it a pain to go out after touring around during the day and back in for dinner (20-25mins on metro).Also outside of Summer period the upper bar is closedThe pool is very cold.So 4Star in my mind means some empathy with residents but this does not exist.This is why I am giving it a trip advisor two stars=Okay but some problems.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Cage&ZG
<Content>Clean and Modern but Lacks in Other Areas       View from 7th floor waiting for elevater  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	2	3	2	

<Author>happyjackman
<Content>Great Urban Chic Hotel       Barcelona Princess  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>1STTIMEBERLIN
<Content>excellent hotel Hotel was excellent in every way.Very clean, very new, spectacular use of glass thoughout the hotel. Fantastic views from the bedroom. Good pools, bars etc.Free room safe and free mini-bar, re stocked each day.Excellent price of expediaLocation good. Near an excellent shopping centre with good places to eat, near the beach. An easy 5 minute walk to the metro and 10 minute ride to Jaume 1 which is close to Barca Cathredal and gothic quarter, then through the gothic quarter you can walk quite easy to the rambals. (get a T10 metro ticket, 10 journeys for E6.90. you can use this on the Metro, and the bus.If back in Barca I would have no problem staying again  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KrazyKarenT
<Content>Very nice decor We shopped around on the internet and were able to find this beautiful hotel for less than half the price quoted on the Hotel's website. The hotel really is visually stunning! The bathroom has no bath but an amazing shower and sink. The bathroom is separated from the bedroom area by a glass wall which gives the impression of more space than you have. However, if you would like your ablutions to be private there is a blackout blind that can be lowered over the glass wall. The view from our room was spectacular, as was the view near the lifts and on the glass corridor which traverses one tower from the other. beware about the handrail in this corridor though, as both my husband and myself received electric shocks every time we touched it. The minibar contains one each of still water, carbonated water, cola, a lemon drink and beer. This is free and restocked daily. We also got free towelling slippers with the hotel logo on which are quite cute and a nice touch. The toiletries set is the best of any hotel I have stayed in containing shampoo, soap, shower cap, toothbrush and paste, nail file, comb, razor, shaving gel, and shoeshine pad. Noise travels from one room to another. We heard neighbours everytime they flushed the toilet or used the shower. This made us uncomfortable for two reasons. First we were concerned about whether the neighbours could hear our intimate time (!) and second, when flicking through the tv channels, some are very quiet and some are very loud. We didn't do this often though as there were no English channels.The hotel has a restaurant which although is expensive, well worth it. The food is exquisite! The staff in the restaurant were also very nice and efficient.The breakfast room was lovely and the breakfast sublime. They even had soya milk!The staff on the whole were distant and professional. We had no problems with the room or facilities so I cannot comment on how they would handle it. The cleaning staff were excellent.The only negative comment that I would have is that we wanted to buy a cup of coffee from the bar in the lobby and take it to our room. This however was not permitted by the gentleman at the bar. He insisted that we either drink it in the bar or order coffee from room service.Smoking policy:- All public areas are non-smoking (unusual in Spain) but you can request a smoking or non-smoking room on booking.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>somerley
<Content>Spectacular hotel Staying in this hotel in an experience we wouldn't have missed, views are wonderful - we were on the 26th (top) floor. I could watch from our window my husband swimming in the open-air pool on the 23rd floor. However, the bedrooms are a triumph of design over comfort - very designer-stylish but with only one uncomfortable chair, superb 3m. wide bed but with a large, square extra pillow that was too large and hard to use.....and if you require complete privacy in the bathroom, this hotel is not for you!Reception staff could have been more cooperative but when a booking mistake was pointed out changes were made immediately.Super cleanliness in bedroom and bathroom - everything provided in bathroom you could ever need or have forgotten, including toothbrush, bathrobes and slippers.About 20 minutes from city centre by frequent metro trains.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Stephen25
<Content>Great views Good welcome, spotted it was my birthday the following week and upgraded us to a 19th floor Junior Suite. Room had sea view, very restful - and workspace had city view. Free internet great, free minibar, robes, slippers all nice touches. With metro five minutes walk getting to city was straightforward; pity we weren't there in summer when tourist bus comes to the door. We got breakfast included in our deal, which meant it was good value! Only disappointment was that we came down with terrible colds - but that wasn't the fault of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Major_Delays
<Content>Great Value for the money We have just returned from a long weekend in Barcelona. After reviewing the options it seemed to be better on the wallet to stay outside the centre and use public transport.The Princess was exactly what we had hoped for, a modern hotel with all the facilities you could ever want, restaurants, gym, pools, bars etc.We found the rooms spacious (jnr suite) and clean. One thing I would mention is the aircon, which seemed a little on the weak side, but when we were there we had no need for it. At 125 Euro per night I felt that we got excellent value for money, but you obviously make some sacifice for that and in this case it would be location, which is perfectly fine, but means a 20 minute journey into and out of the centre each day. The good news is that the hotel is 2 minutewalk from both metro and tram stopsBarcelona has a fantastic public transport system and we found that using the BCN card purchased from the tourist information offices meant we could go almost anywhere we wanted, when we wanted.I would really recommend the hotel if you want to keep your budget under control but still expect high quality accomodation.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manuselk
<Content>Great modern hotel This is a great hotel. Very modern decor, great views, nice rooms. It's out of town, but Barcelona has excellent public transport so it really is not a problem. There are some decent places to eat on the plaza behind the shopping mall. I've stayed there twice and would definitely recommend. Very good value for Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Oscarbud
<Content>Great Hotel After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I'm wondering if I was staying in the same place?.On arrival we was greeted by friendly and helpful reception staff. Our room was on the 17th floor and had fabulous views of the sea. The room was spotless, there was a very large bed with clean, crisp white linen. There is a mini bar with one bottle of coke, beer,lemon and water, which is restocked every day free of charge. There is plenty of wardrobe space also extra drawers and shelves. The glass bathroom does take a little getting used to, but there is an electric blind you can pull down to preserve your modesty if you need to hahaha.The shower is fantastic, and ours never leaked once. Plenty of towels are provided, also bathrobes, slippers and complementary toiletries. there is also a hairdryer. One minor critism is that the TV in the room only has 2 english speaking channels (euro sport and CNN), ok, I know we don't go on holiday to watch TV, but at least one more english channel would have been nice.......(there seemed to be lots of childrens channels ?).We booked room only so I cannot comment on the food, although we did have a sandwich in the corner restaurant on the ground floor which was ok.There is a lage shopping complex right next door and there are various cafes and restaurants on the top floor which were well priced.The hotel is outside of the main town, but there is a bus, tram and metro service just yards from the hotel. i must be honest and say that we used taxis most of the time, and they were reasonably priced.The hotel was busy as Liverpool were playing Barcelona while we was there but there was hardly any noise from other guests.I would recommend this hotel, but remember it is quite a way from the center of Barcelona and apart from the large shopping complex next door there is'nt much else in the area.Just a word of warning........Glass corridors join each side of the floor of the hotel and if you are in your room and the blinds are open people can see right into your room..............just because your on a high floor does'nt mean you cant be seen ?????.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>carlr11
<Content>Great balconies, poor service We have recently returned from the Barcelona Princess. Having read other reviews regarding problems at check in, it wasn't a total surprise that the hotel had no record of the reservation despite doing so through the hotel's own website.After finally getting checked in, we were shown up to the room, which was extremely hot. The air conditioning did not appear to work, so after a call to reception we were informed that the air conditioning system is switched off in the winter. This was despite an efficient system in the public areas of the hotel. This room had some very dubious marks on the wall and was not completely clean. As a result we requested a room change. Eventually the reception staff agreed to show us another room on the same floor which was clean. The second room had a good shower although like other reviewers found, it becomes tedious mopping up the floor everytime. The room had a good if somewhat small balcony overlooking the sea. The hotel pools were open however none were heated contrary to the hotel website. Transport links were good into the city centre with a tram and bus stop directly outside the hotel although it does take sometime to get into the tourist areas.The mini bar is free however, it is only stocked once a day with 1 beer, 2 small bottles of water and a soda!The breakfast was average so no complaints there however on checkout the hotel had charged for breakfast despite the website clearly stating this was included in the tariff. We even queried this with staff on check in. After contact from my credit card company this was refunded but yet another example of poor organisation.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>LondonLondoner
<Content>Brilliant if you don't mind being out of town       Bar  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MPIreland
<Content>Fabulous! My boyfriend and I spent a weekend in this hotel in January (sunny but cold) and we had a fantastic time.Staff were very pleasent and helpfull. The Hotel itself was top class. We stayed on the 22nd floor and the views were out of this world. The room was impressive with a free mini bar that was topped up everyday.The Hotel itself is situated in a quite part of town. Next door is a shopping centre with a huge food court on the 3rd floor which had very reasonably priced restaurants.Getting into the main centre was not a problem as there is a metro stop across the road from the hotel. This goes every 5 minutes and stays going until 2am every night.The Olympic village has a lot of lively bars and night clubs which is just 10 minutes on the metro. La Ramblas which is the main centre of Barcelona is about 12 minutes away from the hotel by metro. It is advisable to purchase a T10 ticket for the metro as this will keep you going all weekend for 6 euro.Barcelona is a must see city and the Barcelona Princess Hotel is the place to stay!!!!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buzzby
<Content>Awful in many ways!!not My husband and I spent 5 days at the Princess as part of a conference group. The location is terrible. While public transportation is nearby, the hotel is quite a distance from the city center and all the sights. Each taxi ride into the city cost 11-15 Euros. That very quickly added up to much more than we had anticipated.The room was attractjve but small. The bed was very comfortable but the bathroom left much to be desired. The separate shower was next to the separate toilet and the shower leaked onto the floor into the toilet area. Not pleasant. The view was great.The signs in the lobby forbiding guests from bringing in outside drinks or food made it feel like a dorm or a hostel and not a deluxe hotel. Concierge services were non existent and the front desk staff were not knowledgeable or helpful at all. The breakfast buffet was very limited and unexciting.So it seems that what this hotel has going for it are low rates and a modern design look. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>TourismProfessor
<Content>Learning to translate the service staff English When the hotel staff tells you in English, 'We are sorry for the problem, we will send a Technician immediately to fix it', I learned this means, 'Forget it, dummy, it's your problem, deal with it'. Our recent stay was a lesson in being treated as lab rats, with staff changing their responses to why equipment was not working every day, working their way down the list, forgeting you may have been given a different reason the day before. And after the final straw, our forgotten appointments for massages, in which we had had centered for our last day's stay, we recieved the proverbial cheap bottle of champ. after forcing the Day Manager from his comfortable hole.Forget the modern looking rooms and free daily bottle of beer in the mini bar, and look for a hotel where they treat their guests as if they can think and who prefer not to be lied to or manupliated as lab rats.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crazychic_78
<Content>Fab hotel Absolutly loved this hotel. Rooms were a decent size with nice clean bathrooms. The pool was clean, i cant say the same about the jacuzzi though!We were on the 22nd floor which gave aus a fantastic view. I would suggest asking for a room on the higher floors (although it does take a while for the lifts to get to you!!!). The hotel is a few miles out of the city, there is a train station only a few meters away. Also you can catch the tourist bus from outside the hotel (look out for the green bus stop, as you walk out turn right then right again).Overall a great hotel and i would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Muffles6012
<Content>Will go back!!*****       View from our window  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HilGray
<Content>Great Location, great room but noisy neighbours We spent three nights at the Princess at the end of November/beginning of December for my husband's 50th Birthday treat.We caught the red eye from Luton so arrived at the hotel not expecting to check in but fully prepared to leave our bags and go out exploring, but the very nice chap checked us in and whispered that we would get a junior suite as the hotel was very full, which was a definite bonus. The room on the 10th Floor had a sitting room with sofa and desk, the main room and a bathroom with shower. We found the room to be clean, of a good size and with plenty of storage space (especially as the sitting room had a wardrobe as well). It is a very modern hotel but we like this style; it may not be for everyone. The views are great (although the bridge between the two halves of the building was a challenge for my husband!).We stayed from Thursday to Sunday and the hotel definitely emptied out at the weekend when all the corporates left.Earlier comments about the noisy neighbours are spot on. At the weekend the local rave venue is very noisy and does go on well in to the early hours. Fortunately we did so much walking we were too exhausted for it to keep us awake but it has to be said that it is extremely noisy and was on every night we were there. We walked to Port Olympic from the hotel which was lovely especially on Sunday morning when the place is buzzing with families, cyclists, roller bladers, etc., enjoying the sunshine.Port Olympic is definitely the place to eat. We would particularly recommend Sylvestre which was very lively with friendly staff and the sea food out of this world. All the restaurants in this complex looked great and were very popular with the locals.Getting around the city is a breeze with the Metro being very efficient, clean and safe. The two day unlimited pass was very good value and very convenient.We had a wonderful weekend at the Princess with the only downside being the noisy neighbours.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boostravel
<Content>Great Modern Hotel top marks This is a great Hotel, very modern, we went through check in very quickly, our hotel was on the 19th Floor and you would pay top money anywhere in the world to get the view we did, truly fantastic.The rooms are extremely modern and i think you need to like the modern/ urban chic look to really appreciate the hotels style, i know my parents would not like it at all as they appreciate more the traditional scene, i would say this hotel would really appeal to younger people.The metro station is just on the doorstep and the best way to get around, i would advise against trying to walk into the centre, we tried on our first day and what we thought would be a 40- 50 min walk is more like 2 hours and simply not worth it, particularly as the Metro is so efficient and gets you where you want to be in a matter of minutes, its really easy to use, almost identical to Londons Tubes only cleaner and air conditioned.We did not eat in the Hotel, to be honest the menu did not appeal to us at all however next door is the shopping mall with plently of places to eat and Drink, the hotel bar was good though and not too expensive that you feel ripped off, all in all a great value for money hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sparco76
<Content>OK When you first walk into the Barcelona Princess your initial thoughts are all positive. It looks stylish and has a nice ambience. It feels like a good 4* business hotel. After 90 min wait to check in because of 鈥榗omputer problems鈥?your enthusiasm wanes but the free drink helps the time pass by. On walking into the room I was initially impressed until I realised that it was a twin room rather than the ordered king size bed. After another wait and battle with the receptionist I get moved to a better room but still without a king size bed she promised. Apparently the hotel is full and I don鈥檛 fancy queuing another 30 mins to try and change rooms again!My new room has a balcony which is rendered useless because it has no table and chairs and over looked by the whole hotel! I have a proper bath with shower, but the cheap shower fixing has broken in a previous life and has been super glued together. Every time I turn the shower off the shower head falls off and either hits my toes or head! The sink is also badly designed鈥? It has no plug! Also no soap dishes鈥?when you turn the tap for hot you get cold etc. The only saving grace is the excellent blackout blinds. Made me late on one occasion!Lifts鈥ifts鈥ifts! Lack of them! This hotel has 3 lifts for 26 floors. It needs at least 6. At peak times you can end up waiting 10 mins for a lift! RidiculousOnce you start seeing the cracks in this hotel they just keep on coming. It will look very tired in another 2 years time.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>thomase
<Content>Good Quality Hotel Just got back from a weekend stay at this hotel which I booked on lastminute.com for my Mum's 60th birthday. Getting to the hotel via taxi was easy and not too expensive, around 拢25.Check-in time was adverstised by lastminute at 2pm and when we arrived we had a bit of a delay in checking in, but it wasnt a major problem. Leaving bags wasnt a problem though. Rooms were nicely furnished and the free mini bar with water and beer was a nice touch (only one bottle of beer a day though!). On the first day we headed into the Diagonal Mar shopping centre which has a great selection of shops, and the bars/restaurants outside on the 3rd floor offer somewhere to handy and reasonably priced to eat and drink if you cant be bothered heading back into the city after a hard days sightseeing!After trying the tram, we found the metro station which was much easier. Buy the T10 which allows you 10 journeys for about 7euros - its good value if you're there for a weekend. The Metro is really simple to use and quick to get to the centre. Didn't try the hotel for breakfast or dinner as there are other options in the cafe opposite or in the shopping centre. The area around the hotel is fine - part residential, part commercial. Some interesting buildings nearby too. Tried the pool on the 23rd floor - nice and warm (even in Oct!). Its a bit of a novelty factor really, but an enjoyable experience.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind the Metro and wants good value in a nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Jayne-Mark
<Content>Nessun Dorma.... The Barcelona Princess is an ultra-modern hotel a couple of miles out of the city. The shopping centre next door has a variety of OK restaurants  bars  the adjacent Forum Conference Centre, surrounded by a huge concrete park and marina, makes for an interesting location. Some correspondents have commented on the showers - I enjoyed the multi-jet experience, though mopping up afterwards due to the ill-fitting door became tiresome. There are some terrific aspects from the lifts  high rooms, and with some more welcoming staff the hotel could move from good to great but for one thing outside its immediate control...'Espacio Movistar'. Adjacent to the Conference Centre, this marquee-like music venue pumped out rave at a volume sufficient to rattle the glasses on the shelf in our 18th floor room until 5am on Saturday morning....even my ipod at high volume in my ears couldn't drown out the beat. Reception were sympathetic (saying they had called on the police to intervene) but could offer no help, nor, when I asked them the following morning, a change of room (the hotel being full and anywhere 'it won't make much difference'). The following night's prog rock was better - it wasn't as loud and finished at 4am - but still cost us several hours' sleep. If you're thinking of going to this hotel at the weekend, unless you're deaf, a raver or the hotel have assured you there's nothing on down the road - don't.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>1	4	4	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Afro
<Content>Truly a Princess! Me and my boyfriend stayed in Barcelona Princess last October and couldn't be more satisfied with the hotel and also with location. Before going to Barcelona (and also traveling anywhere else) we learned that it is better to have a hotel located outside the center of a city, maybe in some financal, business area and have good public transport (that is subway) that takes you to center and back in a matter of minutes. (This year we did the same when traveling to Paris and stayed in La Defance area, which is almost the same as staying at starting point of la Diagonal). Also, hotels are newer, rooms bigger, fascilities, showers and everything else is brand new and nicer. Plus the prices are normal. We like modern, urban and stylish look, so Princess is just what we wanted. Hotel staff was so nice and helpfull, although we didn't have any complaints and problems. Interior is superb, BB Italia sofas, great shower with amazing view, fascinating swiming pool on the roof top! And we had such luck they gave us this big, romantic suite, so our visit to this beautifull city and staying in such a good hotel was all in all fabulous! Metro is few steps away, huge shoppping center with some great shops and Starbucks Coffee :) right next door! What else do you need? Will defenitely come back again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RKPT
<Content>Very good value We have just returned from staying at this hotel and found it to be very good value for money. The room we had was very comfortable, with a huge bed. We had a lovely view of the sea and made use of the electric blinds. Plenty of toiletries and the free minibar was very handy. The shower was a bit daunting to begin with but we soon discovered if you adjusted the showerhead, that solved the problems. We thought it would have been more helpful if there had been more drawer space. However, we managed. If the green line had been operational it would have made a big difference to us for getting around, this stops in September. We used the tram and the metro which was a very slight hassle to reach the tourist bus. We were so tired with all the sightseeing that we would go to the shopping mall to eat before returning to the hotel. The choice of restaurants was great and suited us just fine. The downside of this hotel was not being able to bring food in. We thought this rule was a bit ridiculous, especially with there being a superb supermarket in the mall. Ok this hotel was not in the main centre, but it was a lovely hotel, very comfortable, quiet and made a very relaxing break for us. We would go back again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Nevadagirl
<Content>Too far from La Rambla and main action This is a very nice hotel and a good bargain at 100E a night. It is next door to a large shopping mall with places for breakfast. The rooms are very modern and the staff friendly and helpful. We thought the Barcelona Tourist Hopon, Hopoff bus went by the hotel but found out this is only in the summer and we had to take a tram and metro to get to the Tourist Bus stop which was okay but took time out from sightseeing. If you have a week or more and can't find a bargain like this closer, I would stay here but not for 2 nights post cruise like we did. I'd find something closer to La Rambla or the tourist attractions.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>2	5	4	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reggy123
<Content>Not Bad - could have been better I stayed at the Barcelona Princess Hotel on business in mid-October and here are my comments.On arrival it looks an impressive building, out in suburbs with quite a lot of building work going on around the hotel.We had a delayed check in by an hour or so, (system failure) conceirge offered free drinks which was a nice touch. Finally got to room and air-con was broke, took 2 hours to fix. Free Mini bar not replaced every day. Being a smoker in a smoking room you expect an ashtray, NO! Asked at reception and was told to use a drinking glass instead as they don't have them!!!!Room was clean enough with a great view of the city. Watch out for the shower, it leaked under the seal and flooded the bathroom!! Uber modern, or trying to be so not the most functional room you'll ever stay in.The lifts were a nightmare, only 3 and with the hotel being full it took upwards of 5 minutes waiting going up or down at times....badly designed! Only ate breakfast once and once was enough, good selection but the food was lukewarm at best and expensive.Staff in general were efficient if not that friendly except the two guys working in the foyer bar. Both were more than helpful and very friendly, they make some excellent cocktails as well :)Ideal location for business trip, convention centre across the way and superb shopping centre Diagonal Mar right next door. Good tapas to be had here! About 20 mins from Las Ramblas etc, centre of town. Tram was confusing at first but got the hang of it, trams stops right outside the hotel. Metro at Glorias stop takes you all over the city but be prepared with your map and expect a few line changes.Too conclude our stay we took the tourist bus around the city, excellent value and an ideal way to spend your day. Nou Camp was fantastic as was Port Olympic, good food and night life.Good hotel but as I say, it could and should have been better for a superior 4 star (as advertised). Probably won't stay again but it served the purpose well enough.Finally, watch your wallet as two guys had theirs pick-pocketed within yards of the hotel!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	5	

<Author>VuittonFanatic
<Content>our best accomodation during our 3-wk trip around europe my friend and i decided to semi-backpack around europe earlier this year. what i mean by semi backpack is 3* hotels and up... no motels... and absolutely no hostels. average price of our hotels was around U$ 100/night. we were planning to stay in barcelona for 5 days and 4 nights... therefore, we feel like we could compromise on this hotel's not-so-central location. of course, several dissapointed comments on this hotel got us worried. but, we decided that like everything in life, it is most likely a 50/50 chance... so, we booked all of our 5 days and 4 nights accomodations at the princess.we arrived in barcelona late afternoon. figuring out the location to this hotel is a bit tricky. i think in expedia, it mentioned the nearest metro station was diagonal mar. well, hello... there's a diagonal metro... but no diagonal mar. we asked the tourist info at the sants' station (main train station at barcelona) and she told us that the hotel is quite far out, about 30-40 minutes train ride from sants... and it is near diagonal mar MALL. duh! once we arrived, there were 2 exits (to the street level)... we took the wrong one and ended up walking quite a bit, compared to if we've taken the other exit (sorry readers, cant remember exactly which exit to take... but if i remember correctly, it's the kind that you'd have to take a lift to go up to the street level). the street lighting is quite dim at night... so for single girl traveller, i would suggest going home early or bring some kind of a defensive tool, just in case... since we bumped into several drunk people on several nights (i guess they party hard in spain). ok, about the hotel... there were 2 other people in front of us and the darn front desk took their sweet time, not even acknowledging our existence. we just got off a 7-hr train ride... a smile, an apology or a quick check-in service would have been nice. even after he was done checking in the other people, he curtly told us to wait for another 5 minutes. but the coolness of our room, totally made up for the lack of courtesy of the front desk officer. i cant believe we got such a great deal for our money! our room is super duper clean, none of that gross smell of smoke, the tables are clean, the window glasses are immaculate. we love it!!!we went downstairs to get suggestions on where to eat and the 'other' front desk person suggested the next-door mall (diagonal mar) since we rather not go anywhere far. at the top of the mall, was this open-air food court thing that's fabulous. we ate most of our dinner at this chinese restaurant, china guo. the food is good considering you're paying like 3 euros for a sumptous size vegetable fried rice. definitely a perfect restaurant for on-the-budget traveler. the waiters are nice and accomodating. if you've been to europe, you know what a rip-off dining out (or buying anything, in general) can be. oh, buy your water from the grocery inside the mall... SUPER DUPER CHEAP! but remember to hide it as you're entering the hotel and keep them inside your luggage. since the hotel has a policy where they reserve the right to charge you extra for bringing outside food and drinks. but, buy your water/juices from this mall before you head out to the city. save you tons of euros.GOOD THING abt this hotel: real great value. this is our best accomodation in the entire trip ($100/night budget, 3 countries, 9 cities)... clean. safe. mid to upper-class guests. the maid CLEANS the shower everyday... love that you can get free wireless internet! they have this ultra cool, great pictures, great descriptions guide book in our hotel room that really helps in planning our trip around the city.BAD THING abt this hotel: it is quite far out from the central of the city. but if you have plenty of time... if you can afford wasting a little time riding the metro, this is the place! it is close to the olympic village where the better food at more expensive price tags are. at night, around the hotel you have nothing... but the restaurants on the top of the mall (since people in spain dont eat dinner before 9pm). THINGS TO REMEMBER: every frickin' mall in spain/europe, in general closed on sundays... so plan your trip accordingly. visit sagrada familia EARLY in the morning... yeah, its a pain to wake up early, but its a bitch to wait in line for 1.5 hours. remember, it takes abt 40 minutes to get to city center by metro... bon voyage...  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Celtictiger
<Content>Nice Quirky Hotel Princess Hotel Diagonal Mar, BarcelonaThe Princess Hotel Diagonal Mar is a Modern / Stylish hotel in a new area called Diagonal Mar near the Forum , this area was formerly an industrial area. The hotel is 4 star quality with glass walls between the En Suite and the Bedroom, but there is also an electronic curtain that can be let down. It is a tall building approx. 24 floors beside a Good Shopping Centre called Diagonal Mar, which in my poor spanish indicates that it is at the end of the Diagonal street at the Sea. The Hotel is modern and while we had a view from our high floor we could not see the sea. The hotel lacks the ambience of an Intercontinental or Crowne Plaza.I would recommend it for Business or First Time Honeymoon Couples but only for a few days. We later moved to the Barcelo Atenia Mar which was near overlooking the beach, not as quirky but comfortable . The price of the Princess Hotel fluctuates so check your dates. We did not use the restaurant for breakfast as it is over priced. The housekeeping was excellent  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>worldtravelerz
<Content>Perfect stay We had a wonderful stay. It is 15 minutes to downtown Barcelona. Room was beautiful, very modern. It looked like a boutique hotel. It is right next to a huge mall, so lots of options for shopping and about 50 different restaurants. Very Clean and bright. Room has thick bathrobes and slippers and beautiful amenities. 2 small pools with loungers, including one on the roof.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>alli
<Content>Very Disappointed My husband was attending a conference and I tagged along. the hotel was chosen by the event planners. The rooms looked like the web site. I have to say that it seemed like little thought went into the functionality of the design. You enter though the bathroom which is ok but it is all glass. Remember to close the bathroom blinds. The shape of the building is such that people walking down the hall can look right into your room. The views are very good but I had to keep the blinds drawn most of the time. The shower is great looking though again not well thought out. The shower heads face the shower door. Not thinking I turned the water on and got a direct hit. There is no way to let the water warm without getting sprayed. Plus the shower door is flush with the floor and did not seal correctly. Each time we showered we flooded the room. During our stay it rained heavily. Most of the hallways had water coming in. They had towels down lining the hallways in an attempt to stop the water from coming in. I found the staff to be disinterested at best. The only good thing I can say is it is a good location for attending a conference but if your traveling for fun I'd stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	2	4	

<Author>loll01
<Content>best hotel in barcelona Had read all the reviews on this hotel but still did not want to build up my hopes. We need not have worried as this was the first time i have stayed in a hotel and found it to be exactly as it was in the reviews and the photos. The staff were great and the rooms are stunning along with the facilities and the views were amazing. The only fault i had was the breakfast. It was awful. We arrived on friday 29th of sept my sister my father and myself for his 65th birthday. The location is fab as it is covered by the tourist bus the main bus line the tram and the metro. If you dont wish to use these then its only 10 euros for a taxi into catalunya square. We even met some lovely people while we were staying at the hotel. The shopping centre next door was great with some fab restuarants. The only other problem i would say someone could have would be the shower as ours was broken so the waterfall was more like a trickle against the wall but if you are over 5'10 you would probably struggle. Apart from that this a 10/10 hotel for me.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lybie
<Content>Loved the Princess We recently spent two nights in the beautiful Princess Barcelona hotel! I can only say that the location, rooms, staff, bed, free chunky dressing gowns are five star all the way!!! I would recommend this hotel to anybody going to barcelona, its great!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JedBartlett
<Content>Very nice and elegant hotel, staff unfriendly and incompetent! The hotel is indeed very nice and elegant, classy and stylish if you like the cool understated modern look. Especially the location is extremely convenient for participants of events at the Convention Center next door. Also, the pool(s), although small, are spectacular. The rooms are a bit too small but again very very stylish. Once you have figured out how all the gadgets work it is great, they also provide a certain amount of free beverages from the minibar.Unfortunately, the staff are really not up to the task of running a 4-5* hotel. They clearly lack commitment, some of them are outright unfriendly and grossly incompetent. Eeven though we were a large group attending a convention many of the employees would not even try to help us out with simple things like inquiring for lost baggage, a taxi or other tourist informations. Valet parking only, costs 16 鈧? but we had to wait almost 25 minutes to retrieve our car.All in all, a lost opportunity for good hotel management. At a price of 250 鈧?a night, you should be able to expect most of the things to work.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	1	1	1	

<Author>kiddo74
<Content>Very nice, close to mall and the beach My husband and I got a great deal at Barcelona Princess when we booked our stay early, 2 nights for a total of 160 euros. We were nicely greated and given a room on the 25. floor. We did not see the ocean, but had a great view of Sagrada Familia and the city. This came in handy when there was an amazing fireworks show our first night!Our room was nice, very quiet/soundproof, big bed, cool interior design and free minibar.The hotel is close to the beautiful beach, approx 10 minutes walk. We enjoyed our first 2 of 4 Barcelona nights at the beach. Also there is a big mall next door, The Diagonal Mar, with lots of stores and restaurants. The third positive thing with the hotel is that you can catch the metro from the station Maresme, only 2 minutes walk. Within 10-15 minutes you can reach Barceloneta, Port Olimpic, Barri Gotic or Placa Catalunya, because the yellow line passes all these great places.The negative part at the hotel was a problem with the air condition, which was very cold no matter how warm we set it. Even at 35 degrees it was freezing, so we could just keep it on for shorter periods and not during the night. We told the hotel about this, but it was not fixed.It was also a bit disappointing that the pool area on the 23. floor was closed for maintenance. We would have liked to see the view from there.But all in all we were very happy with our stay and would absolutely return!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>audi21
<Content>Must Be A 5* I am not being snobbish but i have been to many 5* hotels around the world, and to think this hotel is not 5* is just incredible. It is in fact considered 4* superior and is very good at that. The rooms are very modern and clean. The staff were very polite and helpful and assisted us whenever possible. We arrived to the hotel at 12pm and requested a high floor room. We were told our room would be ready at 1pm so we went to have lunch on the beach, leaving behind our luggage in the hotel. We returned to the hotel at 2pm and were given a sea view room on the 25th floor. We were told that the minibar was free which included coke, lemonade,a beer, still water and sparkling water. The room was lovely. I have been to Barcelona twice before and stayed in 4* hotels and the rooms were much smaller that this one. The shower was powerful and massaging.It was a true pleasure to be in the hotel room and looked forward to coming back to the room. The only negative point i think is the tv which had 30 channels, but the only 3 english channels are CNN,bloomberg and eurosport. The blinds in the room are great, and make the room pitch black and difficult to wake up in the morning, so have an alarm ready to wake you up every morning.There are 2 computers in the first floor which we found always empty and used for the internet, but there is internet available in each room so thats another bonus. Hotel location can be annoying after a while. The tram is an easy way to reach the beach taking about 10mins and the metro takes 12-15mins to the centre. Overall, i cannot stress enough how impressed i am with this hotel and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Silent Crow
<Content>very upscale feel The Barcelona Princess is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are extraordinary in that the views are spectacular, and the features within the room are divine, right down to the faucets. Some of the rooms actually have balconies, and though those rooms don't have DIRECT ocean views, they give you a span of Barcelona well worth the (moderate) price of the hotel. Those same rooms are larger than the ocean view rooms, with a much more unique layout.  The spa facilities are filled with young (attractive) visitors on holiday, and the pool itself, at the top of the roof, seems like an ad for Hedonism, with all the sun bathers. Had I not been there on business, I too would have whiled away many hours taking advantage of the tremendous spa facilities. The breakfast is actually one of the best I've ever had. It is, like 90% of hotel breakfasts, a buffet, but the choices are extraordinary. In reading the reviews before choosing the hotel, I had a couple concerns about the attitude of the staff. There were very few moments when I felt the staff wasn't exemplary. One has to know and understand Spain a bit to understand the attitude. No one is likely to get preferential treatment, but everyone is going to get great service. (I was able to check in when I arrived before noon, but I was only lucky.) The only complaint I have is not against the hotel itself. The location is not terribly accomodating if you're on holiday. It's great for the convention center, and it's great if you want to go to the mall. BUT, if you're in Barcelona to experience classic Barcelona, I would look to stay elsewhere. Otherwise, you'll be exhausted just getting around. For business, or a holiday with teenagers who want to hang around the hotel while YOU go experience Barcelona, it's perfect. Brilliant, in fact.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PM62
<Content>Great Hotel and Excelent Value We stayed for two nights over a weekend and I could find little if anything to criticise the hotel for. We arrived around midday and as our room was ready they allowed us check in early, and met our request for a high floor with a city view.The rooms are very modern and a bit 'Austin Powers' with the electric blinds and the glass wall between the bedroom and the bathroom and the 'trick' shower, but all very nicely done. The free minibar (one of each of a beer, coke, lemonade, still and sparking water each day) was a nice touch.Although the hotel appears to be a fair way out of town, it is only 15 minutes by tube. There is a tube station just around the corner, and both the normal and tourist buses stop right outside.As this is a 'business' hotel, the rates drop dramatically on Saturday and Sunday, and the reduced weekend rates are a steal.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JETraveler
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Value, Love the Princess!!       Room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>emma_1980
<Content>Loved the view, not the stairs!! We chose the Barcelona Princess largely due to a lot of good reviews on the Trip Advisor website and everything we read was true . . .We arrived at 11am and couldn't check in until 2pm but were able to leave our luggage at reception. The staff spoke good English and this was hassle free.Our room was on the 26th floor, at the top, magnificent views over Barcelona and the sea. The room was definately the best we've stayed in - very clean, stylish and yes, the shower is unbelievable!!The hotel is a 20 minute tube ride to the city centre - we found the easiest way to get around was the tube, and purchased a metro ticket that enabled us to make 10 journeys for just under 7 euros. The metro tickets can be purchased from a ticket booth which has English instructions. The only downside of the hotel was that on our last night in Barcelona there was torrential rain and the lifts in hotel were out of order. We had to walk up 26 flights of stairs to get to our room without an apology or any explanation from the staff - their customer service could definately be improved!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeighE
<Content>The Height of Style..!       Stylish bathroom  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>elenaki
<Content>Good accomodation Just came back yesterday from our trip to Barcelona - a wonderful experience indeed! We booked the hotel based on comments from Trip Advisor's visitors. Overall a good choice! Nice, decent, very clean and modern accomodation. (+) : Nice view especially from elevator, clean rooms (slippers changed every day!), quiet area away from the centre, helpful staff, very convenient (especially for breakfast) shopping mall a few steps from the hotel .(-) : window in the room did not open for safety reasons as we were on the 22nd floor so there was a lack of fresh air in the room.In brief, we were not crazy about the hotel but we were really satisfied as you can't really expect a lot more in the middle of a big city. We would recommend it to others as long as they don't mind staying 15' by metro from the centre.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BriL
<Content>Excellent Hotel My husband and I have just returned from Barcelona and we both agree that this hotel was great. We stayed for 7 nights and this was a perfect length of time to enjoy all that Barcelona offered. The rooms were extremely clean and very modem and the free minibar was a nice touch as there is a strict policy against bringing your own food / drink into the hotel (although a rucksack did come in useful!!). Th shopping centre beside the hotel is good and there are also plenty of places to eat out in. There is also a metro about 2 minutes from the hotel and a taxi to the Olympic Port is only about 6 euros. It is worthwhile taking the Tourist Bus which leaves from outside the hotel as it takes you all around Barcelona and you can on and off it as often as you like.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>clarabubs
<Content>Would definitely recommend! I visited this hotel with several of my friends (for my best friend's hen-do) in August 05. We had booked via the internet and got a really low rate so weren't expecting much. We were delighted with what we found. The hotel was immaculate, stylish, air-conditioned and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. It's a little out of the way in relation to the city centre but there's a bus stop next to the hotel, a metro station nearby and reception were able to call taxis within a few minutes for us. We decided to jump on the hop-on/hop-off tour bus which takes you all round the tourist sites in Barcelona and were very pleased to find that one of the stops is outside the hotel....very convenient. There's also a sizeable shopping centre right next tour with a great selection of fashion stores, restaurants, bars and a supermarket. Ideal for our group!The only down-side was the lack of balconies. I'm not sure if the larger, more expensive suites have balconies, but ours didn't - just a huge window with electric roller blinds. Would have been nice to be able to sit out on a balcony, but the view was great nonetheless!Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and I hope to return again soon!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojovino
<Content>Would stay again - hopefully soon!!! I took a group of my friends here for a long weekend for my hen party and we all agreed the Barcelona Princess rocked!!The previous reviews about no food being allowed into the hotel are correct, but we solved this by hiding any shopping bags in our beach bags - so no problems there!! The room service is not too expensive anyway but as we were only staying a couple of days this was not an issue.The rooms were beautifully decorated, the shower definately sorted out any kind of early morning hangovers we had!There was a great shopping mall just next door to the hotel with a lovely tapas restaurant on the top floor.My room was on the top floor(26th ) which had great views over the city. Some vertigo sufferers may want to mention this upon check in as some of the rooms are accessed via a glass walk way!!I would recommend anyone to stay at the Barcelona Princess again as although it was a little way out of town, cabs to the main bars at the Olympic Port were only around 5 -10 euros, and this was well worth the peace and quiet of the location!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cal204
<Content>security just returned with mixed opinions! first the hotel was spotless clean very modern very contempory which is what we like.pools lovely but very small, drinks and snacks in hotel very expensive, but thats hotels. Bar on 23rd floor never open, staff in corner bar not over friendly as with most staff in the hotel, although i dont restrict this to the hotel we found the catalonians to be a lot more unfriendly compared to regular spanish people.The hotel has a policy that you cannot bring food and drink into the hotel, however we were stopped by security for bringing booze in that we intended to take home to uk, after speaking to one of the managers we were allowed to take the bag in but we were made to feel like she was doing us a favour!On our third nite we switched rooms because we had some very noisy neighbours, this was done without problem, however i was shocked to be told by the night recepionist that they had several complaints about these people, so why wasnt they ejected from the hotel!The shopping centre has several restaurants, do use canas y tapas and the restaurant next door, avoid at all costs hollywoods and gino's have you ever heard of an itaalian to run out of garlic bread.Overall the hotel is good, however beause of the way we were embaressed over the drinks incident and the fact we had to switch rooms because of noisy neighbours we would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>alegna1
<Content>Wonderful views from room at night Booked thru Booking. Stayed 3 nights at the Princess. Travelled with my 3 kids (11,13,15). When they saw the hotel there were screams of delight. Impressive. Great views from our 14th floor rooms, which compensated for not having a sea-view. Great Location, but a 20 minute tram ride to the centre (Las Ramblas) or at least a 35 min walk. Tram stops outside the hotel.Tourist bus stops outside hotel! The tourist tickets can be bought from the hotel desk although it's odd that you have to pay for the 5 Euro voucher offered (?) by the hotel. The hotel receptionist insisted that it was a reduction, but this isn't true. It's the same price if you buy from the hotel or directly from the tourist bus. (But the hotel probably takes a commission !)The free mini bar was welcome, although room service forgot to replenish after the first night. This was corrected when we reported to the desk.The design bathrooms are lovely and the rooms large and nicely designed. Slippres and bathrobes are welcome gesture.The two pools are tiny but adequate. The view from the pool on the 26th floor is, needless to say, splendid.There's a shopping shopping centre next door where you can eat reasonably priced meals. We always ate breakfast there. Lots of different restaurants. Eating out in Spain is not expensive and the salads are delicious.Smooth and friendly check-in/out.Enjoyed our stay. One of the nicest 4 star hotels I've stayed at. :-)  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alison36
<Content>fabulous hotel great hotel in a lovely quiet area. easy to reach by train and metro but takes about 1 hour - loads cheaper than a taxi though. We used the metro system a lot and found it to be very reliable, clean, cheap and safe. On checking in at the hotel, we had to leave 150 euros as a deposit as we don't have a credit card so be prepared before you go for that. Other than that couldn't fault the hotel or staff. Rooms are fantastic, pool gets a bit crowded so late afternoon we went for a 5 minute stroll to the promenade for a couple of hours - no beach, a wooden decked area, very safe, clean and cool with the sea breeze. Good shopping centre next door with plenty restaurants and shops. No complaints at all, can't wait to return.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>danandree
<Content>Boarding school atitude Among the first things they tell you when you arrive are that you are not allowed to take any drinks or food up to the room and if you do so you will be charged! It is a hearty welcome!It is true that they have free soft drinks in the fridge (which did not work by the way) but it does not e.g. include any sugar free drinks. There is no ice in the fridge and when we went down to the bar to ask for it thy said that they were not allow to give us ice but if we paid it could be delivered to the room!The first room we had was a kind on mini suite, but not very practical. The air-condition did not work in the bathroom which had a large window and it was more like a sauna. Further it had a tiny mirror misplaced as well.On top of that the air-condition was not very efficient.The worst was the attitude of the staff - they obviously think it is a great hotel and that guest should be grateful that they are allowed to stay.Barcelona is a wonderful city with many good hotels to affordable prices - The Princes is not one of them!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>ido4u
<Content>The sweet Cherry of Barcelona       10 minutes walk from the hotel  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wreimer
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Value! Excellent Hotel, even better value. After reading some reviews about the lack of friendliness and help from the staff I was a bit apprehensive. I must say, that was not our experience. They certainly went to great effort to meet our needs. We were on the top floor, I would recommend asking for a view of the city as the view of the sea was not that impressive. Also, it did seem to be hard to keep our room as cool as I would have liked, not sure if it was being on the top floor or because it was so hot outside. It might be cooler on one of the lower floors. The beds were comfortable, although as throughout Europe, it is always a lttle disappointing to have two twins to make a King. It seems like they ought to be able to have some sort of snap to keep the mattresses together. The shower was awesome...a welcome from the other hotels we stayed at.Although, I do not invision visiting Barcelona again, this was by far the best value/nicest hotel we stayed at in Europe and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ACP30
<Content>Absolutely Gorgeous Hotel! We have just returned from the Barcelona Princess Hotel. The hotel is incredible and their services were magnificent. It was so hot and busy there, we couldn't wait to get back to the peace and air-conditioning of the hotel. The two pools are extremely small for such a big hotel, but the views from those floors are so unbelievable, that you actually forget about the size of the pool.Overall I would say that, for a fussy person like myself this was one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in on.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tripper8
<Content>Loved this hotel- definitely going back My family and I stayed in this lovely hotel in July 2006for 3 days before embarking on a Mediterranean cruise.I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor, and they were very accurate. The mini fridge is stocked with beer, lemonadeand pop each day , and is free. I had a large bedroomfacing the sea on the 20th floor and the view was great.The room is very modern, the King sized bed was comfortable,the room darkening blinds were very effective. Only 2 peopleper room - even little kids can't stay in the room with you. Mysister has 2 small kids and she had to book a separate roomfor them. But my entire family (15 or us in total ) loved this hotel.The shower cubicle is separate from the toilet cubicle for eachroom. The kids (and I ) loved the shower- all over body shower.The toilet cubicle could be a problem for larger sized people ,and for claustrophobic people because the door goes upalmost to the ceiling so you have the sensation of being closed up. The toiletry area is outside the shower andtoilet cubicles.There is a room safe for valuables. The only negative is the security staff is very strangely adamantabout not bringing in any outside food. I had read this on a review before I left, and it was true. My mother was stopped and questionned about her bottled water which I thought wasridiculous.We had a wonderful dinner in the hotel restaurant on my lastevening. The portions were small but very tasty.The beach is nearby - walking distance. There is a largeshopping mall with lots of places to eat just a few stepsfrom the hotel. The tourist bus goes by outside the hotel.We bought a 2 day pass, and hopped on and off the bus.Pay attention to the routes though .I will definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Col & Marth
<Content>Great Hotel       view from room (day)  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Warm Weather Traveler
<Content>Barcelona Princess will blow you away before or after your cruise! As always when using a discount site, I was nervous about this hotel, especially when I got a $95 each room rate for two rooms on Expedia for my wife, myself, and our two teenagers. Not only did they get us adjoining rooms, they were adjoining on a high floor.We stay in 5-star places (Grand Wailea, Atlantis, etc.) in great suites, and this was easily a set of rooms worth $400+ combined. Like the rest of Barcelona, the design is amazing, and if you are a gadget person, you'll love the power window shades, power screen room dividers over the glass wall to the bathroom, cool showerhead system, free unlimited internet, wake up call built into the TV, decent cable, etc. The only thing you may want to do that we didn't is bring the two prong adaptors and voltage regulators, but they did provide (I brought an ethernet cable with me, but they provide that, too).We had nearly 10 bags and they were courteous about storing them for 2 hours until our room was ready at noon. The staff was universally courteous, and sent two guys that loaded us IN our cab for the airport the next day as fast as an Indy pit crew.If you have tiny kids, you might want something less avante garde, but for teenagers, the chic pools, free stocked minibars, $10 euro cabfares to Olympic Village or Avenidas Ramblas, etc., made this the wonderful surprise of the week. You are also just a block from the Hilton, next door to a very nice mall, and a very short walk to the largest public beach in town.BOOK THIS NOW before other people hear of this first class hotel posing as only a 3-star! If I ever go back to Barcelona, I'm all over this place! You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nixfromlondon
<Content>Fantastic place for a city break! I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for 3 nights at the end of a fortnight's holiday in Spain - and really loved it. Having visited barcelona before and been stuck in a souless hotel out by the airport, we had wanted to stay in the city centre but found prices too expensive. This hotel is a great compromise - it's just a short taxi/metro ride from the centre, and you get much more for your money than in a city centre hotel. It's a really chic modern building and the rooms are fantastic: spacious and equipped with all mod cons. We had an amazing view over the coast, which was only beaten by the view from the open-air pool which is virtually on the roof of the hotel! We didn't eat breakfast as it seemed quite pricey, but found plenty of places nearby instead. Overall - I'd definitely recommend this hotel - and will be back there whenever I'm next in Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>livH
<Content>Excellent views! I stayed at this hotel in July for a (this is embarrassing) hen party. It was an excellent hotel, make sure you get a room with a city view, mine was 24 floors up with an amazing view of the whole of Barcelona from the Sagrada to Monjuic!!The pools are both pretty tiny, but great for an afternoon cool down, there is also a sauna and a spa pool with a bar that serves excellent spanish beer.It's a little far out of the centre, so if you want to be part of the Barcelona life, and don't mind paying slightly more, I would recommend a place in the Bari Gotic. But over all, nice hotel, good service, just in a slightly souless, built-up modern part of the city.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Doccrow
<Content>Family friendly Great stay , asked for 2 romms ( boys age 8 and 9) and parents.Arrived and no adjacent rooms available, staff bent over backwards to get us a suite upgrade.Good position for quiet but ready access to city centre and sites.Ask for a room on the highest floor possible for best views  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rooms and Views We stayed here from the 8 July for 4 nights, two adults and a 9 year old boy having spent a week in a sister hotel in Cap Salou. We booked a Junior Suite and were given an adjoining room for Cameron, we in fact had a Junior Suite with another room next door (both of our doors were seperated from the rest of the corridor by a seperate door which should have enabled to leave our room doors open but could not be locked despite requests to reception). However Cameron enjoyed his King Size bed and all the electric blinds etc, he had the shower and we had the bath/shower. Our room had the balcony which was cornered and had a Sea and a City view especially from the 22 Floor (rooms 2207 and 2206). The rooms and servicing were excellent even though the mini bar is a bit bare as described in other reviews. There is the food police to stop you bringing food into the hotel but it is signposted but you just put it in a ruckSack or fancy shopping bag (Burgerking in an Armani bag). The shopping mall next door has a good variety of eateries from Sushi, Italian through to McDonalds and Subway but the shops are not anything special. There is a supermarket type shop that has great food stuff in the mall I bought some cold nibbly snacks but they were intercepted at the door, I was given a receipt and was told that they would be refridgerated until my departure the next day, they were a touch on the warm side and I did not risk it. The bar was a bit steep at 6 Euros for a Gin and the mixer was 2/3 Euros more, city centre prices in an outskirt hotel. To be honest the infastructure around the hotel allows easy transport by all means from the doorstep. In summary, love the hotel rooms, staff could be more helpful, silly food policy and steep bar, the two pools 1 on 23rd floor is about 50 ft long and 4 feet wide for the swimmers, and the one on the 3rd floor is a triangle shape suitable for kids and a cool dip. Some rooms are at the end of a glass floored corridor but it is opaque glass, not exactly the walk of faith, but it feels a bit strange. You either love or hate the view from the lift, some people did face the doors at all times.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!!! Pros:Beautiful newly build hotelGreat rooms (spacious, glass bathrooms with Jacuzzi, most of them sea-view, free refreshments every day, free internet access)Very nice, friendly staffLocated on a nice neighbourhood, near a shopping centreGreat value for moneyCons:None  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shelbyandcecils-mom
<Content>Not as we expected We selected this hotel based in part on the reviews here, but also on the fact that we were staying in another hotel in a different city that is part of the same chain. We reserved 4 rooms for our group for a three night stay in Barcelona. The rooms were as discussed, beds comfortable and the blackout shades a necessity on the ocean view side of the hotel. The views from all of our rooms was nice. Be warned however that the shower temperature is very difficult to regulate. I was almost scalded several times without ever moving the temperature lever. It seemed to lessen if you turned the water on and left it running for about 10 minutes or so before getting in (what a waste of water), but the temperature was never consistent. We had also requested that one of the rooms have a bathtub. Fortunately, we were able to switch rooms around amongst ourselves to accomodate this need, but there is apparently only one room per floor that actually has a tub. The free minibar is misleading, there is one water with gas, one without, one Coke, one beer and one lemonade, per day period. Another review has noted the guard standing in the hotel lobby. Guests are not permitted to bring any food or drink into the hotel. At all. We found this to be very unreasonable. We drink lots of water. Some of our group were older and in the heat needed to stay hydrated. Needless to say, we found this to be a problem. We were also told that we could get a glass of ice from the bar. That worked on two occasions, on the third, the bartender refused. We were told to call roomservice for ice and they would bring it to our room. We then did so three different times...and we were given two different sized of ice buckets and charged three different prices, the largest being 5 euros. Outrageous for ice. The air conditioning in one of the rooms did not work, it was reported to the front desk. A man came and said that he fixed it, it continued to not work. The second day in the morning it was reported again. That afternoon, it required another visit to the front desk and a reminder that this was a 4 star hotel and perhaps they needed to increase their level of service to a 4 star level, that the airconditioning was finally fixed. In general, only one or two of the front desk staff spoke English, and not well, no Italian and only a little French. The breakfast buffet was complete, but at 17 euros, not a good value. There are several shops, cafes in the mall next door that are just fine. On a positive note, the laundry in the bottom floor of the mall did a terrific job on laundry, and a much better price than the hotel's quoted 4 euro for a pair of underwear price. Nice pressing of the gentlemans' and ladies' shirts and blouses too. Somehow, with them not speaking English and us not speaking Spanish we managed to have a great discussion and get our clothes done appropriately, unlike attempting to converse with the front desk staff. The tour bus does stop outside the hotel, and that was a reasonable way to become acquainted with the city. We spent the equivalent of 12 nights in this hotel, reservations made for us by a Spainish business associate and felt that it was not up to 4 star standards in the slightest.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, Modern and well equipped Hotel with a great view over the mediteranian and the city. Easy to get to by subway or tram, but rather far away from the downtown area. Night bus stops 10 minutes away. Nice shopping mall and a good varity of restaurants in 2 minutes walking distance. The elevator ride is adventures since one wall is completely out of glass.Sensational Breakfast Buffet!Only negative point: Water dripped from the ceiling in the shower. If you're affraid of hights then you might have some problems walking over a passage completely in glass from the elevator to some rooms on each floor from the elevator.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>goglu
<Content>great room, great service, fabulous views! We stayed at the Princess hotel from June 17th to 24th. We arrived early in the morning, and could not get our room until 1:00 pm. This was fine with us, as we spent a few hours walking along the coast up to Port Vell (approx. 20-25 minutes walk). We were given a room on the 25th floor, where the view was absolutely spectacular! The room was even nicer looking than on the pictures, and all features were working perfectly (electric blinds, super shower, etc). We enjoyed the bathrobes and slippers, the free mini bar, and the room was always kept spotless, although they did come late in the afternoon to clean it. After two days, we would hang the make-up the room sign on the door when we left in the morning, so they came earlier the following days.The hotel is out of the center, but the metro station is only a 2 minutes walk from the hotel. The station is Maresme y Forum. Use the metro if you are spending a few days in Barcelona, it is very cheap, efficient and safe.The reception staff was always professional, but I admit they were a little limited in giving informations. Some of them spoke french which was a pleasant surprise for us. We rented a car for one day to go to Torres winery, and they made all the arrangements for us. The car was brought to the hotel early in the morning, and we just had to bring it back at night. No hassle going to a Hertz counter, or finding parking.If you want a little quietness in the afternoon, use the 3rd floor pool. Lots of chairs, a little music, a bar, and it is never crowded. We were often only 3-4 person by the pool, as there is no sun at the end of the day. The 23rd floor pool however offers a great view of the sea, and has sun until about 6:00 pm. There are only about 10 chairs and they are always taken.Be warned, they do not allow you to bring food in the room. There is a guard at the door, and if you come in with a supermarket bag in your hand, they will purely refuse to let you in. We had an opaque carry-on bag in which we put a few things for breakfast, so we were able to bring that up to our room without any problem.We strongly recommend this hotel, which does deserve its 4 stars. We have travelled often to Europe and this is now one of our favorite places.Have fun!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>corkerIreland
<Content>Fit for a Princess!! Booked this hotel last December based on trip advisor comments, was a little wary as some of the comments since were not all positive. However, my husband and I had a most brilliant time, we checked in late and still received our requested sea view, and our very own balcony with facilities to sit out and enjoy the sights of Barcelona, Fabulous for fireworks last week!The staff were excellent, free mini bar a treat, rooms were clean and though about 20 minutes from city centre on metro it is very convenient to the tram, metro station, bus and and bus tuiristic!There is a large shopping centre next door (Diagonal Mar) with many restaurants and great shops and the beaches are a short walk away. There was a market and music in the forum across the road at the weekend. There are two computers available on the 1st floor for internet, though may require some queuing at times.We stayed in Princess for a week and saw all the sights in Barcelona, we did not encounter or witness any problems with thieves but were vigilent. We paid 鈧?4 for a taxi to the hotel fro airport and 鈧?8 back to airport from hotel. We did not eat in the hotel but found huge choice in Diagonal Mar centre and in city centre.Overall, excellent!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JustUsTwoDerby_UK
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Amazing Price I booked the hotel through a last minute deal and was really impressed with the service and hotel from the moment we arrived. First of a taxi direct from barcelona airport to the hotel was only just over 30 Euros. For the convenience we thought this was great. Because of an early flight we arrived at the hotel around 10:30am (check in is from 3pm). But when we spoke to reception they said they would see if we could check in earlier. 5 minutes later we were in our room unpacking. But that isn't all because we had booked a really cheap deal (拢200 for 4 nights), although I had asked for a room on a high floor I wasn't holding out a lot of hope, well I was wrong our room was actually on the 26th floor......(You can't get any higher than that).Throughout our stay we found the staff to be really friendly and the hotel was lovely, only thing we heard people say they were disappointed with were the pools. We weren't disappointed though because they look small on all the pictures from the barcelona princess website.The hotel bar was expensive compared to anywhere else we visited (but again you kind of expect that). On our last day they weren't able to allow us a late check out room (we did not need to leave the hotel until gone 7pm. However, they informed us that we could still use the full hotel facilities so we could shower and change in the Gym - so no problems there.Overall one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in (even compared to some 5 stars), location a little out but we actually liked that as right next to open top Tourist Bus stop and also Tram and Metro.We would recommend the hotel 100%, just one word of warning about Barcelona - pick pockets are rife. We were lucky - despite a couple of attempts on my wifes handbag (which we managed to foil) we didn't get anything stolen. But a couple of women staying in our hotel got handbags snatched apparently hotel staff said it happens a lot. So you have to be very careful and security conscious...... But it shouldn't spoil a beautiful city break.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up for Hotel Princess       Elevator view Shopping Center  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>melsriver
<Content>Overall enjoyed stay, but comes with warnings A group of ten of us stayed at the hotel Princess for 5 days May 31st-June 5th. Overall we had a great time. Will give a brief description of the good and the bad:THE GOOD: Checkin went very smoothly, we arrived at about 10:30 am and check in was not until three, but we were all in our rooms within the hour. The rooms for the most part were great. The black out blinds make it hard to wake up but very easy to fall asleep We were on the 24th floor so the view was fantastic! The beds were also very comfortable and the mini bar was a great touch as well! The shower was fantastic! It has the spray nozzles that spray out on different body parts! very enjoyable! Being right next door to the shopping mall was great, we ate lunch outside on the roof one day, and that was quite enjoyable, we also got some food and beer for our room from the huge supermarket! That worked out very well! Having the tram right there and the metro one block away was great as well, we were a 10 minute metro ride from Las Ramblas and the Olympic Port, keep in mind the metro stops at 12:00 so you will have to take a taxi back to the hotel.Ok now for the BAD:Two out of the five rooms we had were missing doors, one on the shower and one on the toilet. Now if you are a couple this might not be so bad, but we had two friends staying in both these rooms so it made it quite difficult. The two girls staying in one room, complained about not having a shower door and were laughed at and told that some rooms did and some rooms didn't have doors. Well as I explained above the showers have those sprayers that spray out, without a door you would not be able to use them! They were eventually moved to a different room and everything was fine Now for the REALLY BAD, not altogether the hotels fault!!!The weekend of June 2nd-5th there was a huge music festival across the street from the hotel. It went until 6:00am one night, This made it very difficult to sleep if you were on the side facing the festival. My parents complained several times during the night and actaully checked out one night early to go on to Sitges because of the lack of sleep.The genreal manager was very nice in helping them get moved and offered to pay for their night in Sitges, however since it was booked through Expedia we shall see if it works.However the next morning when the rest of the group checked out no one was compensated anything even though we all complained about the lack of sleep due to the festival.Final word of advice: The Princess has a few quirks to work out but overall we enjoyed our stay and would probalby go back as long as we checked to see if any festivals were going on! Make sure you ask the hotel if any events are planned at the forum during your stay!One other piece of advice I highly recommend for everyone. Right outside the hotel is a bus stop for the Bus Turistica. It takes you all over Barcelona to see everything you would want. you can buy a daily pass or a two day pass. You can hop on and off the bus wherever you want. Great way to see all of Barcelona. We hopped on and off at our convenience and it was great.Also look into the multi day metro passes you will need those also!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ajhaeh
<Content>Goods to Declare - Beware We stayed with friends at the Princess for three nights and reading the reviews prior to visiting it appeared that there was no middle ground. Either people loved it or hated it. Well I'm somewhere in the middle and my report will be balanced. The thing that stood out for me above all the rest is that the hotel, for us, was not customer focused. Well certainly not 'holiday' customer focused. From the moment we checked in it appeared that we were 'privelged' to be staying at the hotel and the reception staff were efficient but assertive. We had rooms on the 4th floor overlooking the Forum and this hotel is not on the sea front as a previous correspondent has written. You are a good walk from the beach over car parks and two main roads. There is construction work at an industrial complex about 1/2 mile away which is near the sea front. The hotel is on the corner of Avenue Diagonal, it is number 1.The rooms are very spacious, modern and open plan. There is a complimentary mini bar of four soft drinks and a beer. The power shower is good but when on full blast the drains couldn't cope which resulted in the flooding of the bathroom area. (The same happened in our friends room). There are electronic blinds on the huge window and also blinds between the bathroom and bedroom. There is also a door between the two rooms for privacy. The walls are not too thick between you and next door and with Pete Doherty playing until the early hours of the morning next door to the Forum... there were a couple of noisy sleepless nights.The events of day two are quite farcical and bizzare. Next door to the hotel is a shopping mall, with a host of shops and supermarkets. I purchased some water, fruit juice and some potato crisps to nibble in the room. As I entered the hotel I was stopped by a receptionist who had been instructed by the manager (who was stood at reception). Well my bag was confiscated!! It was highly embarrasing and I felt like a naughty boy in the headmasters office. All the other customers were watching as my bag was taken away to a side room and I could collect it on departure. I could not beleive it. I complained to the manager who stated that it was 'rules' and indicated a small sign at reception. It did say a small fee was payable if you wanted extra items in your room... 50 Euro's! The night after the sign became bigger and was placed by the lift. The reception staff were then placed on guard duty taking bags off people as they came in. It was like going through customs with the 'Goods to declare' channel. Farsical! The confiscated items were placed in a room and when you went to collect them it was a free for all. Bizarre! However some people were lucky enough to get away with the draconian measures and take beer wine  spirits to their room when the staff were busy. Crazy.We got a great rate of 拢58 per room on Expedia and many correspondents have outlined the transport systems to down town Barca. The price is really half what it should be for the quality of the rooms, as the hotel is just two years old. We did visit the Hilton Diagonal Mar across the street and had a fantastic meal in the Indigo Restaurant. The food and service were first class. The Princess manager needs to visit to see how it should be done... but who am I to say, I am only a customer and I should be grateful for allowing the Princess to let me stay... Shouldn't I :-)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	5	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views My wife and I stayed here whilst we were supposed to be seeing the Rolling Stones. They let us down, the hotel did not! We stayed on the 22nd floor, views out to sea were great especially in the mornings.We found the location great, although we have visited Barcelona before. Metro very close, great shopping mall with restaurants, next door and a cheap cafe for breakfast across the road.Enjoyed the modern room, everything worked, bathrobes and slippers in abundance and the shower was fantastic. We were 1 floor below the roof pool which although not huge was great. Cannot comment on the food in the hotel as we ate elsewhere, plenty of restaurants nearby or of course in Barcelona. We found the staff effecient and helpful, we were able to check in at 11.30 am.Only downside were the taxis 25euros from the airport, he wanted to charge 45 euros off meter and 35 euros back to the airport. However we used a local train to visit Gerona 6.5 euros each way for a 90 minute journey! Gerona well worth the visit.Barcelona is`well woth a visit and this hotel made up for what could have been a disappointing weekend. We will certainly use it again  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RoryMc
<Content>A true Princess! My wife and I stayed in the Barcelona Princess for 3 nites in late May 06. We booked it with [--], about 鈧?00 for 3 nites!..Like most previous reviewers, i was a little apprehensive about the somewhat varied reviews.Yes, the hotel is a 15 minute Metro ride from the city centre, but the top floor view we had of the entire city more than made up for this. On top of this the open top tourist bus stopped right outside..this is the only way to see Barcelona. Also the tram ran along La Diagonal right outside also. The huge modern shopping mall next door was lovely and airy, never too busy or loud, had loads of nice restaurants for breakfast or lunch, and some very trendy stores.I would definitely rate this as a 4 star hotel. It looks great, ultra modern, staff are friendly and efficient, nice sauna and jacuzzi, swimming pools are small and don't get the sun after mid afternoon, but you aint in Barcelona to sunbade!!The rooms are very contempory, with wall to floor windows,blacked out electric blinds. A glass wall separates the bedroom area from the bathroom, which also has an electric blind for the more humble!.The shower though is amazing, the really powerful waterfall and body jets really invigorates you after a long days sightseeing. Room service was prompt and surprisingly tasty and fairly ok with regards price. The air con worked perfectly and was a must.The only negative comment was the constant humming noise, which i reckoned came from some sort of air con motor on the roof..but we were the closest room to this, being on the 26th floor, and besides we got used to it after a while.All in all..i would totally recommend this hotel and you will get far more value and quality than what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona (Fawlty Towers) Princess At first sight the design of the hotel is very modern and cool, but the service is at the very least confused. We had a conference here the food was generally poor, one dinner we had for 25 people the food was cold. The air conditioning in our room took 3 days and four attempts to fix and then the maid locked my wife out on the balcony for half an hour. The manager sent us a bottle of Cava by way of apology but never phoned to apologise.Asking reception for a taxi was like asking them to sell their family into slavery!In the main foyer beautiful glass windows and table are broken and remain unmended over 6 days. What a shame, the hotel could be superb if the service was improved and reorganised.Shame  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only for business travelers My husband and I stayed at the Princess while he attended a conference in Barcelona from May 5-12, 2006. We would choose a hotel closer to the center of town with friendlier staff and more comfortable facitlites if ever we returned to Barcelona. The metro station is a two minute walk from the hotel, but it's a 20 minute ride to the center of the old town and farther to other tourist sights in the city. The rooms were very modern, but dark, and the beds are quite firm. The bathroom is separated from the room by a glass wall, and the toilet has no door- so no privacy there! We had a view of the sea, over the top of an industrial area (so really not very scenic). A room key is needed to turn on the electricity for the room. This is not unusual in modern hotels, but what caused us trouble was that the window shades were electric, and when my husband accidentally took both room keys with him, I was left in the pitch dark unable to open the curtains (bring a flashlight!). The staff was often not helpful, and sometimes even bordered on rude. We never did succeed in convincing the maids to let us use the extra pillows in the room, each day they took away the pillow cases and stored the pillows. Breakfast was a full buffet with a decent variety of fruits, pastries, meats, eggs and vegetables, but the quality was just average- sometimes the pastries were stale, usually the juice was sour.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hally1982
<Content>It truly is fit for a Princess We, being my girlfriend and I, stayed at the Princess Hotel for three nights, Sat to Mon.After reading some of the extreme range of views posted on this website, we were a little apprehensive. Some people said it was excellent and others that it was a dive.After our stay, I am under no illusion as to the fact that this is a magnificent hotel, truly deserving of it's 4 stars.Upon arriving at reception, we were greated by helpful staff who spoke better english than we spoke Spanish. They showed us the way to the local metro station, El Maresme I Forum. The location of this station is a major plus point for this hotel. You are no more than two hundred yards across from the Metro, linking to all the major sightseeing areas of the city. As such, the location was not a factor and don't let it be the deciding factor in your stay.All together the hotel is fantastic, the views from our room facing the city on the 20th floor were fantastic. I cannot over recommend it.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hollholl
<Content>So much cool for the money       The futuristic bathroom  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel       City view from our room on 18th floor  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, spent our 5 year wedding anniversary here! My husband and I are from Massachusetts and were visiting my husbands family in Ireland for 2 weeks. While in Ireland we booked a 3 day/2 nite visit to Barcelona to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. We were in the Barcelona Princess May 4th, 2006 evening and May 5th, 2006 evening. We booked the hotel based on the reviews in trip advisor. We loved the Barcelona Princess and only paid $106 per nite from hotels(--) You would never find a hotel of this quality at that price in Massachusetts, or most other places in the USA or Europe. We were on the 11th floor and had a view of the Mediterannean. The room darkening shades were great! The first morning I woke up and it was pitch black in the room so I thought it was 4am..turned out it was almost 9am!There were a bunch of young English Tourists on a trip and were very loud in the bar. We were afraid we'd hear them coming back from a big nite out but luckily we did not. Since we were only in Barcelona 2 nites we were only in the hotel to sleep. As the other reviewers pointed out, yes it's a mile or so away from the city center but the subway is right outside the Barcelona Princess. We had a 2 day Barcelona pass so we used the subway which was very convenient. I worked out on the outdoor stairmaster one day which wasn't a great stairclimber but it was okay. I didn't go in the pool but some of the English tourists were in there. The Sky Bar at the top was closed.I would recommend the Barcelona Princess. It's a great deal for the price. However as someone else wrote, the rooms may be a bit too modern. It took us awhile to figure out some of the light switches/shade controls.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davejensen
<Content>The best views of Barcelona are from the Princess       View from Window of Barcelona Princess  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bother if you are looking for a 4 star hotel I booked this hotel following the reviews on this website and have to say that I was not overly impressed.If you are looking for a four star hotel this will not meet your expectations. The hotel was fully booked because it was a bank holiday weekend but that is no excuse for the poor (and often rude) service.The double room I had booked 4 months in advance turned out to be two single beds pushed together. The hotel staff were most unhelpful when I pointed out that I had booked a double. The receptionist told me to speak to the manager. When I asked to be put through she told me that manager would not be available until the next day. The issue was never resolved.Some of the facilities the hotel claims to have were not working. The Jacuzzi didn't work and the person in charge told me to report it to reception if I wanted to use it. The Jacuzzi and swimming pools did not look like they had been cleaned for a while - with hindsight I was glad the Jacuzzi was not working!I wasn't impressed with the rooms either. Although we had a sea view the room was clearly visible by people using the bridge to the other side of the building. This meant that we had to keep the blinds drawn most of the time. Coupled with the black ceiling and blind over the glass bathroom wall most of the times the room was very dark.It's hard to think of any plus points. My overall feeling was that I would not stay there again unless all the other hotels in barcelona were fully booked.At most I would award this hotel 3 stars.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Just got back from this hotel and would certainly recommend to all. Its not in the city centre but the metro station which is a 5 minute walk takes you there in about 15 minutes and costs peanuts. Taxi back in the evenings was around 8 euros. We did walk into the city centre and it was a lovely walk. Took about 1 hour walk to the Olympic Village then a further 45 mins to the centre (Ramblas). Theres also another port there with a shopping complex. If you come out of the hotel and walk towards the sea theres the beach and theres even a lovely walkway to walk all the way into the city centre. (Ah yes...the first beach is a nudist beach....you have been warned). The hotel itself is very modern and stylish. Although it had all the amenities, we didnt use them. We stayed on the 23rd floor overlooking the city and at night when lit up...the views are amazing. There is a shopping centre next door to the hotel and certainly gives you a few hours to kill, its also full of restaurants inside and outside. We didnt pay much per night at this hotel (easter break) probably 拢60 per night and it was worth it. If I was to go back to Barcelona I would definitely book this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel If you are afraid of heights, do not stay at this hotel unless of course you're on the 6th floor or below.There's masses of glass and floor to ceiling windows. Glass elevators, glass walkways and of course the infamous glass bathrooms.Getting to the pool on the 23rd floor was a no-no for me due to the height/glass walkway issue but I hear that it's very nice.The reception staff were incredibly helpful and polite and check-in was efficient and quick.The one and only negative comment would have to be about the shower. The temperature fluctuated from freezing cold to scalding hot and that was without even turning the tap sometimes.The blackout blinds in the rooms and the largest beds that I've ever slept in definately made for a restful night. The free mini-bar was a really nice touch as well.All in all, a great hotel and coupled with the excellent transport links on it's doorstep (metro, tram and buses - including the tourist bus that stops right outside the door) it's definately worth a visit.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mierman1
<Content>Bad Attitude I booked my room in Barcelona based on the raves on this webpage. I figured I'd sacrifice prime location for a luxury stay. However......First, we did not get the room that we booked. We booked a double room but instead got a twin. They fixed this by pushing the beds together. This might have been ok without the staff's rude take it or leave it attitude.Second, many of the so-called attractions of the hotel closed early (or maybe were never open). Twice we went up to the 23rd floor bar to have a drink and enjoy the view and it was never open, even during hours it was scheduled to be open 10.30 through 20.00.But most frustrating was the staff being rude, possibly even deliberately. Twice we asked for simple directions, such as the best way to get downtown, and was told incomplete and even WRONG information. We were told to get on the tram in the opposite direction and transfer train lines. This is completely unnecessary as the Metro is just around the corner - we just couldn't see it at first. (Note: if you are staying here, it is unlikely that you should need to take a tram). Later, we asked a different person if a bus would have been a more direct route to where we were going and we were given a curt yes without giving us which bus line to take and we ended up going all over the city. We also saw staff members giving condescending looks to a group of tourists that were just having fun.In short, the location ended up being ok with the proximity to the Metro, but the staff was so unfriendly and unaccomodating that I would not recommend staying here.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Hoolit
<Content>Feel like a princess! We had a very happy few days here on a brillant Expedia deal, where the room worked out at about 拢50 per night. Our two rooms on the 21st floor were perfect with everything we needed to feel pampered-we were 2 mums and 2 teenage daughters on a girlie mini break. Took breakfast in the Diagonal Mar shopping centre next door, then caught the nearby metro or tram to the sights of the city centre and the Olympic Port. Very helpful hotel staff gave us directions and reserved restaurants for us. Recommend eating at Espai Sucre on Princesa street in the Born district: not cheap but food and ambience are wonderful-every course is a desert!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy Anniversary!       View from the glass window while waiting for the elevator!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Just returned from spending 6 nights. I decided to stay here with my wife based on the reviews in tripadviser. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Yes, it's a little out of the way but it is only 15mins from the city centre on the metro(which is very easy and cheap to use, and is only 2 minutes walk from the hotel). It took us 20 mins to walk to the Olympic marina along some lovely beaches. There is some redevelopment and building work in the near vicinity but it really is not an issue. I also cannot comment on the food as we were not prepared to pay the hotel prices, it seems to be the same in all of the Barcelona hotels - very expensive. There is a large selection of eating places next door in the shopping mall. Also there is a cash machine which accepts any type of card, with no charges, just past the entrance to the mall. I won't go on too much about the hotel as its all been written before - it really is lovely. The rooms are very impressive. Remember to ask for a city view as high up as you can get. Our room was cleaned every day and was spotless,plus we got clean towels,bathrobes and slippers daily. They even give you a daily selection of soft drinks in the free mini bar.We had people on either side of our room but we could not hear a thing apart from the blinds being used.A few extra things worth a mention. This is our 2nd visit to Barcelona and we have not encountered any problems with petty crime. If you are sensible and careful it's a safe city - just have your wits about you. The locals in tourist areas speak mostly good English and are friendly and courteous.Try the seafood restaurants around the Olympic marina - spectacular.Have a wander up to Camp Nou on match days and you will be able to buy tickets for the football game. I went up and got tickets for the Benfica match;even my wife enjoyed the fantastic atmosphere in the stadium.The Barcelona Princess is lovely - look no further if you want a good base to explore the city with the added bonus of access to the beach when the sun is shining and you need a rest from all the sightseeing.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Janeite
<Content>Sooo quiet! As others have noted, this hotel is a little out of the way for the major Barca sights. We considered that a plus. We could easily reach the city center by subway or taxi, then sleep peacefully all night. Our room was very quiet.The room was comfortable, if a little odd. The wardrobe is painted black inside and is in a dark part of the room, making it rather difficult to find one's black clothing. We actually used a flashlight. Drawer space was inadequate for two people who overpacked, but we made it work. The free minibar was nice, and telephone charges very reasonable.The bathroom sink is glass. Very pretty, but always looked dingy after we used it, esp. as no soap dish is provided. The shower is truly a treat.Other facilities were mixed. The jacuzzi was out of order throughout our stay (though there were men pounding on it, so perhaps it has been repaired). The sauna was lovely, but again dark--the only light was provided by the glass in the door. There were showers in the changing room, but no soap, shampoo, etc., and the showers were so small it was easy to switch off the water with a shoulder or elbow. There's a small massage room, where I received a very good and very reasonably-priced massage. We did not use the pools but they looked pretty.Breakfast was included in our package. It included a nice range of fruit, cereals, cold meats, yogurt, breads, etc. It also included some tired-looking vegetables probably left over from dinner. Coffee and juices were good. We didn't try any other meals. As others have noted, very good shopping is just next door. Cava at 2 euros a bottle, anyone?  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every Time       hotel city view  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>G3RSM
<Content>First Visit to Barcelona       Bedroom from the bathroom  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kciremil
<Content>Lovely hotel, very modern We stayed at the hotel for three nights. Staff were very helpful; we had no Spanish at all, and had some difficulty with directions etc. They made every effort to help us.Rooms were spotless, with fantastic views of either the city or the sea. Free minibar stocked every day, bathrobes, slippers etc provided. Safe included in the room.The hotel is a little bit out of the city, but is still only a 10-15 min metro trip. For a livelier atmosphere, it's probably too far out, but the hotel itself is very good. The Diagonal Mar shopping centre is beside the hotel, and has two floors of shops, and one of restaurants/cafes. I would stay at the hotel again; it's lovely.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel My girlfriend and I recently stayed here during a short break in Barcelona. We found the hotel to be excellent. Both check in and check out were prompt. All of the reception staff that we spoke to had excellent english.Our room on the 18th floor had fantastic views over the city and was kept clean and tidy by housekeeping through out the day. When we requested an extra bathrobe, it arrived within a couple of minutes. The pools are a little bit shallow and small but were well kept and warm, and the massage service offered is a must.The hotel is a little bit removed from the city centre, but the metro is close by and provides an excellent service.Overall an excellent hotel that I would reccommend.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mascarasnake
<Content>Glassed Bathroom March 2006 - 4 of us stayed here for a long weekend, we had adjoining rooms which was great. Check in was a little slow as was check out - staff were friendly but slow. The bar staff went out of their way to make our stay memorable, nothing was too much trouble for them. As all hotels the drinks here were more expensive than bars - about 40% more. Breakfast was not included in our rate-we were charged 16 euros each. The selection was fresh fruit, cold meats and cheese, hot grill, cereals,toast,muffins etc. It was as one would expect from a 4* hotel.Dont get too excited about the swimming pools, they are very small but welcoming for a quick dip after a long day sightseeing. This hotel is a 10 euro taxi ride into the centre. Near the hotel was a shopping mall. If I return to Barcelona for a short stay I would choose a hotel a little nearer the centre, but this is an individual choice.The hotel bedroom was very clean, and the bathroom a little different with a glass partition dividing this area from the bedroom - we were on a high floor with spectacular views of the city.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamYes
<Content>Terrible Service And Ignorant Staff After reading all the great reviews for this hotel, I decided to book it for 3nights from March 15-18.The hotel麓s location was my first nasty surprise since it was really out of the way in a residential area far from downtown barcelona, but the hotel麓s worst attribute is its terrible service. The reception麓s young staff spoke hardly any English, were usually clueless about the goings on in their hotel and hardly knew anyhting regarding their city麓s attractions .Also many of them had a very bad attitude.To top it all, For the 3 days I stayed in this hotel, I would leave early in the morning, return in the afternoon and my room would still be unmade. The staff even tried to make excuses for their inefficiency.To cut a long story short, a hotel not worth its price at all.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cass1410
<Content>loved the hotel but not the location Stayed here for 2 nights whilst the football was on. Found the staff very friendly, on check-in we were offered a sea or city view room. We chose a cityview and were located on 24th floor - the views are amazing! The room itself was lovely, spacious, very comfy bed, the minibar was included in the room rate with water coke and beer which was refilled every day. The bathrooms were a bit odd. There is a glass partition between the bathroom and the bedroom which there is a blind to pull down but our room didnt have a door to the toilet! the shower had 3 settings with small and large jets and I loved the bathrobe and slippers.Room service was pricey, one night we tried for 15 minutes to order food and noone answered the phone.The location is the only thing that let this hotel down. The public transport is great and there is a bus and tram stop just down the road but if you want to be in the action dont choose this hotel. It takes a good 15/20 minutes by public transport to get to the ramblas and costs 10 euros by cab.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic views This hotel is fantastic. We arrived for a 4 night break at around 11 o'clock and were pleasantly surprised to be able to check in instantly. Not only that, we were offered a high or low room with city or sea views. If the same choice is offered take the high option with a city view. It's fantastic in daylight but as the sun goes down the panoramic views just get better. The room itself was extremely clean with black out blinds that leave you wondering where the morning went as they're that effective. The other plus point is the fantastic shower.Admittedly the location is out of the centre, but it's about 15 minutes on the metro. For the metro there are various options such as 1, 2, 3 or 4 day tickets available. This however is purely for the metro, whereas the T10, the ten journey tickets can be used for bus, tram or the metro which gives more flexibility. Overall if I was to go back to Barcelona I'd happily go back to the Barcelona Princess  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>quiltingtravelmom
<Content>What a treat! Our family usually stays in budget hotels to cut the cost of travelling. But, thanks to your reviews, we were able to spend just a bit more and be totally pampered at this wonderful hotel. I travelled with 3 teenaged girls and we all loved the bathrobes, slippers, and girly stuff provided. The shower was a nice start to each day. The views from the hotel are wonderful. Even from the elevator! There were two computers available for free internet access, but I found it difficult to get a turn. You would be better off bringing your own laptop.The beds are large and very comfortable. The all-glass bathrooms are beautiful, but if you want more privacy, there are shades that can be lowered and a door that can be closed.We ordered room service two nights for a special treat. It was a bit pricey, but the steak especially was perfect. Not many vegetables on the menu, though. Free minibar was nice, but there is only 1 Coke, 1 still water, 1 fizzy water, 1 fizzy lemonade, and 1 beer per day. Still it was good to have.The hotel is on the far side of the city (on the Med), so out of the hubbub of the city. The shopping centre next door is actually one of the largest shopping malls in Europe!If you use public transportation, there are two bus lines that stop at practically the front door as well as a new tran. The Metro station is just a short walk away. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2HpyTravelers
<Content>Modern Barcelona We stayed in the Barcelona Princess for one night before departing on a cruise through southern Europe. The room was reasonably priced and very modern in style. After the long flight from New York, the BLACKOUT blinds in the room made our midmorning sleep refreshing. The room was smaller than a standard American room, but very comfortable. Hotel staff members seemed nice and helped to minimize the language barrier. My wife managed to flood the bathroom shower (in her defense the drain was slow) around midnight, but the hotel staff quickly responded to soak up our sixth floor Lake Victoria. The exercise facility was small and horribly appointed and the pools are tiny, but those amenities were not factored into our choice of hotel. We would definitely stay at the Barcelona Princess again in the same situation. If we were going to Barcelona to stay there for a week or two, we would stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Silk2704
<Content>Best hotel we've stayed in!       view out of the window  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome! Amazing very modern hotel suitable for all kinds of visotors, we stayed on the 18th floor with a city view which was amazing, especially at night time when the whole city was lit up, the rooms very beyond comfortable and offered many great things such as free mini-bard which was topped up daily free of charge with water, beer, coke, etc. The rooms were cleaned daily and towels replaced, free television with about 30 chanels including sky news and mtv. The shower was great very powerful with 3 different settings, the bathroom is all glass and silver and looks amazing and is seperated from the bedroom by electric blinds which were great! the electric blinds for the window were great as well as they offer complete darkness if you fancy a few winks. the kingsize bed was very comfortable as well! The hotel as is the whole city no smoking (apart from a few small bars/cafes) so if you smoke like me you have to go outside, or alternatively theres a nice little bar directly opposite the hotel called la rambla which allows you to smoke and also sells very cheap beer and does food as well. The metro and tram are both outside the hotel and the metro is about 7 stops into the city centre, be careful though as one british tourist standing next to us got her purse stolen out of her bag on the metro when it was busy, the pickpockets are very clever when doing it. The room service however was poor, very expensive, poor portions and the food wasnt all that great. Amazing city and an amazing hotel!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Perfect! I went to Barcelona Princess in January and it was absolutely amazing. From the moment I stepped into the hotel I was awestruck! It was fantastic! The staff on reception were generally very friendly, and if not friendly then still very helpful. The room was fabulous, breathtaking, I was very impressed and I would recommend a city view room as high up as possible. We were on the top floor (the 26th) and you get a great view. If you want to be right in the centre then it isn't but there is a very good metro all around the city and a tram service as well right outside. There is also a shopping centre right next door, the biggest is Catalunya I think. The only advice I have is do NOT order room service!!! We did for out first evening meal and it was miniscule and very pricey. However, the breakfast room service is huge and although also pricey it is very large. Overall a great stay!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip I recently stayed at the Barcelona Princess with 5 girlfriends. We had a fantastic weekend. The hotel is very modern and lovely and what stunning views you see from your hotel bedroom. The swimming pool on the 23rd floor was a bit cold as its outdoor but well worth a look. The bar staff are friendly, especially Stephen, a New Zealander who was a great help when we were planning our evenings out. The hotel bar is open til 1am and afterwards we would definately recommend visiting Port Olympic if you like bars with cheesy music. They are open til 5am and the male poledancers make it well worth a look! Barcelona itself was a great City and we would recommend you take a walk down The Ramblers. On Saturday they had a market there too. Additionally, the cable car is definately worth taking a trip on. Overall, the trip was excellent, hotel fantastic and wish we could've stayed a bit longer!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nat747
<Content>Not too bad I was in this Hotel for only 2 nights at Christmas 2005. The room was small, kind of German style, black roof, electronic curtains, with the thickest matress I ever seen, big two beds together.I must recognize that the black, orange and wooden colours make this Hotel to be fancy, and the glass between the bathroom and the room is quite modern and original. Unfortunately the bad smell coming out from the shower was unbeateable. I complaint but nothing was done about it, maybe cause I am from Madrid (just kidding but hey! it is possible!) The little bar at the ground floor and free internet is a plus. The gym was too small and nothing was working, the two saunas were OK, but the jacuzzi room was closed and I couldn麓t use it. A small swimming pool is next to the mini-gym. The mall next to the hotel is great and the metro and tranvia also quite close to go to downtown.It is a modern, stylish hotel but I would not come back over there.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great quiet location I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with my boyfriend and could not be more thrilled with our choice. The check-in was quick and easy and the room was lovely and tidy, with amazing views. The house keeping was spot on and the shower is simply devine. Furniture and decor is very modern, with a nice european chic about it. As mentioned before, the electronic blackout blinds are great, but be warned that it does make you oversleep! The location of the hotel is nicely situated outside the hustle and bustle of the city centre. However, do not let this put you off, as the Metro station (Maresme Forum) is less than a 3 minute walk from the hotel. The Metro is very convienient and is about a 10 minute journey to the city centre and many other attractions, such as Sagrada Familia, La Rambla and L'Aquarium. The hotel also facilitates a sauna, jacuzzi and two swimming pools. Massages are also available for about 50 Euros. My boyfriend said the massage was superb and almost fell asleep! The room service is fast and not hugely expensive. There is always a security guard at the door, which is a nice safety precaution. Though, I'm sure he is not really needed as the area is pleasent and quiet. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful, although with limited English, but they do try and help in anyway they can. There is a big shopping centre 2 minutes away and has everything you need. Many restaurants are located on the 3rd floor of the mall, with a wide selection to choose from. I would highly recommend going to Araguil, which is a tasty Lebanese restaurant.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel with the reviews of ths hotel being high my expectations were too, this hotel was of high quality and would recommend it to anyone. The hotel is not near La Ramba but if your happy giving public transport a go then your on a winner staying here. The rooms were fantastic and very much enjoyed our stay  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and new hotel While this hotel is not located at the center of town, the metro station is just round the corner and it takes less than 10 minutes to get to town. There are also large shopping center around the area. The hotel is new with good services.Remember to bring along a kettle though for they charge Euro4 for every pot of hot water.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute blast! We stayed in the Barcelona Princess for 2 nights and we couldn't have asked for more from a hotel. All of the reviews written were right, the hotel is as good as everyone has described! We stayed on the 22nd floor and the view was magnificent. The free internet access and mini bar were fantastic. Everything within the hotel looked so modern and stylish. While the location wasn't as great, there is easy easy to the metro. Overall, it is a really great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lisettemc
<Content>Great new year...great hotel! we have just returned from barcelona this morning and felt it absolutely necesarry to leave a great review for other travellers.This hotel is excellent, its clean, modern and greatly situated if you dont want to stay right in the hussle and bussle of las ramblas. Our room did not have the glass bathroom wall like on the website but im sure we were compensated as our bathroom was huge and we had our own balcony.The metro is literally on your doorstep and is easy to use and is not intimidating at all. I even shot into las ramblas alone one morning and felt completely safe. it very cheap about 90p for a single trip, however i recommend a 2, 3, 0r 4 day pass as its very cost effective.There is a great mini trafford centre right next door to the hotel with many places to shop, eat and get snacks. Its got a bowling alley and a cinema, however none of the films were in english.All in all we had a great new year and we will definately stay here again and we will be returning to barcelona for sure.Please dont be put off by the location as it is about 20 mins on the metro from the centre. trust me if we can find our way around anyone can and we give it a huge thumbs up!we were warned about pick pockets and handbag thieves in barcelona but if you be sensible and dont advertise yourself as a tourist i.e... have your camera out at every opportunity or hang it around your neck, flash your wallet and leave your bag unnatendended you have nothing to worry about. remember, its not rocket science just common sense!!book now you wont be dissappointed!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pinkrose1
<Content>An absolutely fantastic hotel! We have just returned from 4 nights at the Barcelona Princess Hotel. The hotel was fantastic! We had a room on the 17th floor and the view to the city was amazing! The block out blinds worked well to block the lights at night and the room had the best massage shower - I wanted to take it home with me!!The hotel is right next to the shopping centre, which made it easy for meals when we were too tired from sightseeing to go to the city.The staff were friendly and were there to help with any question that we had. They also recommended a flamenco show for us to see - a definate must when in Barcelona!We found the hotel central enough for our needs, as we didnt mind travelling the 15min on the metro to the city.Well Done Barcelona Princess! You made our holiday an enjoyable and unforgetable one!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! This is a seriously perfect hotel. What rooms. Pure class with lots of glass. Lie in bed and flcik those motorised blinds to reveal all of Barcelona. Swim on the roof - wow! Cold? Then jacuzzi and sauna. Helpful staff, great bar, good shopping and easy links to the centre. What a place - look out for Steve the taxi driver - he charges nothing and takes you for a drink. We found even better places than Bar Boobie in London.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marianina
<Content>fantastic!!!! We stayed at barcelona princess for 4 nights, i think that is far the best hotel i 'v ever stayed!!! we had a room in the 26 floor with a view at the city!! the staff was the best , the metro was next to the hotel, for brekfast we went to diagonal center which has a lot of nice things to do and eat and shopping too!!! we payed total 328 euros included taxes!i will recomended it for sure!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmk226
<Content>Fantastic contemporary hotel       Hotel foyer  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shimmergirl
<Content>Overall Great Value This hotel was a great value: Good price (about $100 a night from Expedia), close access to Metro, Clean, Nice Views, and a free minibar. The Bathroom was very European. The tub had glass that covered only half way so there was a lot of water splashes on the floor (being an American, this is one of my pet peeves about European showers). There were no face towels. They provided a free toothbrush, shaver, shower cap, shampoo, and soap.We arrived on a Thursday and the taxi cost us 鈧?5 Euro. We checked out on a Sunday and the taxi cost of 鈧?5 Euro. Apparently, there are two tariff rates. One for Monday - Friday. And a more expensive rate for Saturday and Sunday. Plus, there is a 鈧? Euro charge for the airport and 鈧?90 charge for luggage...so don't freak out when you see the fare start at 鈧?.90. The closest metro station is Maresme-Forum. When you exit out of the hotel, cross the street and continue straight two minutes. The metro station will be on your left. There is also a mall next door to the hotel called El Diagonal Mar with many restaurants. The food at Pizza Marzano was really good!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dickles999
<Content>Swimmimg on the 23rd Floor !!!!! Went with my wife for 13 nights in August clean bright modern funky relaxed business hotel.Combine a Beach (cleaned everyday and a 10 minute walk away)and City holiday (6 stops direct on the Metro plus bus and tram to Centre.)Staff young and helpful but English is limited in Barcelona so they lack confidence understanding and using it.They could tell you more about special offers on Metro tickets and Museums etc.,Exceptional value in August when there were no conferences- 拢50 a night double.Fantastic views of the City along Diagonal and located on the side of a very large out of town shopping centre and food court(try Zagardi Basque/Cider Bar Restaurant)Mixed but safe and interesting local environment.Smallish rooms but ingenious design makes the most of the rooms with fantastic electronically controlled blinds !! Two small pools swim out on the 23rd floor terrace- what a view of the city.Breakfast price reduced to 12 Eros during our stay but evening meal price of 35 Euros was too high for most non business Residents- Go into TownEven if you don't like football go and watch a match Barca v Juventus pre match like a mini Olympic games Will be back as soon as I can.Any questions ????? just ask  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ludiandrade
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Princess Barcelona on Nov 3-5, 2005 prior to sailing on our Mediterannean cruise on RCCL Splendour of the Seas. We had a beautiful view of the city from our 16th floor room. Execellent hotel. Very European decor. Extremely modern  clean rooms. Professional and very pleasant staff. Excellent service. Security at front lobby door 24 hours. Food is pricey, but you can go across the street to the Ramblas and have a good breakfast for a fourth of the cost. All that is in the room fridge is complimentary - so is the bathrobe and slippers - they don't tell you that upon check-in. Free high-speed internet is offered on the second floor. Hotel is adjacent to a large mall you can walk to. It is not centrally located but you can easily reach the center by train. Taxi from airport to hotel is about $25USD. Always negotiate the price of the taxi fare before accepting. We were robbed by the cabbie from the hotel to the ship-port - charged us $70USD. Would definitely return and recommend this hotel. Book it with confidence!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>waterstone
<Content>Clean and modern Overall, the Princess is a nice hotel. I stayed in a double room, which I thought was quite large for a European hotel room. The furnishings were contemporary and the linens and towels excellent. The bathroom was relatively small and didn't have a tub (though I can do without a tub). Housekeeping kept the whole thing spotless.The blackout blinds were a nice touch, as was the very much appreciated free minibar (soft drinks, water and beer, 5 bottles total per day, and included in the cost of the room!).The EUR 16 breakfast, though a little steeply priced, was a hefty buffet with hot and cold items. And of quite good quality.The front desk staff were a little hurried and not especially friendly, but not unpleasant either.The only major drawback to the hotel is its location in El Maresme. It's next to the giant (yet mostly unexciting) Diagonal Mar mall, but is otherwise in a primarily residential (and equally unexciting) neighborhood. But the inexpensive and reliable metro is close by, and the real Barcelona just a 15-minute ride away.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately going back to the Princess! What can I say? What a great hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights. It was my first time in Barcelona, it was my 18th birthday and my 2 year anniversary with my boyfriend, and the Barcelona Princess Hotel was the icing on the cake! It's everything I expected and more! The decor was fantastic, the rooms were clean and modern but cosy. We were on the 18th floor - 1808 was our room! It was lush! It had a lovely view of The Forum and the sea, it was so tranquil waking up to that view every morning. The shower was heaven! The free minibar was a great plus, and the complimentary toilets were really good too. Bathrobes and free slippers! The room service was quick. The staff were very helpful about the local area, where to dine, how to get to places from the hotel and etc. There's a lounge area (Dali) just above recpetion which has 2 computers with internet access - very handy if you don't own a laptop. Going up and down the lift is an experience itself! From the gorund floor to the top floor you can see EVERYTHING bit by bit, floor by floor! It's amazing!My boyfriend and I felt very cared for during our stay at the hotel which was very nice and welcoming. We had breakfast at the cafe opposite the hotel entrance 'La Rambla' it was delicious! 2 slices of toast, 2 rashers of bacon, 2 eggs and a fresh orange juice was about 5 Euros per person. We also went to the shopping centre next door, Diagonal Mar for breakfast/lunch/dinner. They have everything in there! Subway, pizzerias, Dunkin' Donuts, tapas, fresh smoothie stall, crepes, Ben and Jerry's, Japanese... the list goes on! It's great for shopping too. Transport links are really good, the metro stop is across the road about a 2 minute walk from the hotel, the tram and bus stop is just a few metres down the road from the hotel. By metro it only takes about 15 mins to Passeig de Gracia which is the city centre. Port Olympic is only about 7-10 minutes away by metro, it has many restaurants, bars and a huge casino. We found a restaurant we really liked at Port Olympic called 'La Fonda', the receptionist recommended it to us. It is mainly seafood but it serves all sorts, the food is gorgeous!! We bought 2 5 day Barcelona Cards for 60 Euros. It gives you unlimited transport on the metro and bus, and discounts to attractions, museums, the aerobus (airport bus), restaurants and shops. It gives you a metro map, bus map and a street map of Barcelona.So to sum it all up, Barcelona Princess is great and we WILL definately stay there again and again! I will put my photos up when I get them processed!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coolest hotel i have ever stayed in (and probably will ever stay in :P) I have to say, I'm usually a hostel, 1 Star hotel traveller, but while visiting relatives, they surprised me with a trip to Barcelona and a stay at the Barcelona Princess.WOW! The room was fantastic, so ultra-modern and cool. Great views of the city, great service and great bars.The pool and gym were a little disappointing, but only compared to the rest of the building.Located right on the bus, metro and Bus Touristic lines, it was a great location, not too close to the busy tourist section, but close enough that you could get there quickly.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing.       hotel as seen from the 3rd floor pool  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zoris
<Content>What a fabulous hotel! Following extensive research on Trip Advisor I decided to book the Princess for a surprise holiday for my boyfriend and I was not disappointed - it far exceeded my every expectation! The staff were friendly and we were checked in quickly. We had a gorgeous, very spacious suite on the 19th floor with fantastic views of the sea and the city! The bathroom (which had a luxurious feel with bath and shower) and seating area were large, absolutely spotless and the towels/bathrobes/toiletries etc were fabulous. The bed was large and extremely comfortable. The balcony was great with windows/glass spotlessly clean. The blackout curtains guaranteed a good nights sleep and the room was very quiet with no noise being heard from other guests. The free stocked mini bar was also handy! We found the location great, the metro being over the road and only a 10 minute journey into the heart of everything you could wish for. Port Olympica was only a 5 minute journey away and a good night out (but if you don't like seafood, you may struggle for choice). Our taxi was 25 euros from the airport. Breakfast in the hotel was expensive but I was prepared for that and Starbucks in the shopping mall next door solved that problem! The hotel bar was very relaxing and the bar staff really friendly and welcoming.To sum up - a fabulous hotel, one of the best we've ever stayed in and ideal for a romantic get away - I thoroughly recommend it to everyone!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service The Hotel Barcelona Princess was clean and modern as depicted on the various websites we searched. HOWEVER, my boyfriend and I had trouble figuring out why the entire hotel staff was not accommodating in the very least. For a so-called 4-star hotel, the staff (manager, and receptionists included), were discourteous and rude. They did not help with our luggage, and upon check-in informed us that we would have to wait over 6 hours to access our room as others simply had not yet vacated. We addressed staff in both Spanish and English and did not find them to be any more friendly as a result of our efforts. The hotel manager was especially obnoxious, imposing a phone tariff and dirty looks for a meager LOCAL call we placed to a friend informing him that we would be stranded for 1/2 day out of our 3 day excursion OVER SEAS. This was definitely a huge discomfort and left a very bad taste in our mouths, along with the absurdly overpriced $16 Euro breakfast. BE WARE: taxis from the hotel to other parts of the city include an automatic excess fee of 5 EUROs as the hotel imposes it on the drivers. You should not encounter problems in any case as staff will never lower themselves to calling one for you.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel !! Have just returned from the Barcelona Princess, a hotel chosen because of the reviews I had read on Tripadvisor. The hotel is fantastic, staff are so friendly, the rooms stunning and it was everything you could hope for. The location is not a problem, getting into town is easy on the metro, and only 8 euros to come back late at night from the Olympic Port. The shopping centre and quick walk to the beach is also a bonus. It was my first visit to Barcelona, and i fully intend to return. I would definately stay at the princess again. Not sure about negative comments on here.. internet access was quick and free, check in was also quick and our room was fantastic (26th Floor!)  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brown-2004
<Content>Ultra modern and very nice Stayed for two nights and each day took the no.41 bus to and from the city center. Interesting to travel with the local people. Check in was fast and the staff are friendly and superb in every way. Using the free internet on the floor above reception I was having problems finding how to put the @ on an E mail and one of the staff took the time to come upstairs to show me. The room was spotless and everything worked but we really did not like the openness of the bathroom...picky us! Overall we enjoyed our stay and also the shopping and eating in the mall next door.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wisher
<Content>visited, loved it, will recommend it!! just come back from Thursday- Monday at the hotel. Absolutely brilliant and great to get out of the city centre hustle and bustle.Bus turistic which passes nearby finished on 30/9, but will be great for anyone next spring/summer. Don't even bother going next door to the shopping centre for breakfast -- just go across the road to Bar Ramblas. Service is slow (they are not used to so many english people asking for cafe con leche so they can run out of big cups at weekends!), but you will be able to have real tostadas and genuine tapas or freshly squeezed orange juice. If you must, they will do bacon and eggs too! Don't speak much English! Four of us ate for less than the price of one hotel breakfast.Hotel great, room fantastic, beds huge, but yes, the pools are in the shade! Quickest route in tot he centre is via the metro - the stop is on the next street, behind the bar Ramblas!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rimini
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Princess for 3 nights in October. Its a nice hotel although the recption is smokey!!!Rooms were very nice and beds were lovely and comfortable. Unfortuantely we didnt get to use the gym/pool/sauna as it is only open between 10am and 8pm....we were visiting the sights of Barcelona at this time.....it would be nice if they opened earlier in the morning.I have read other people review and i think we were conned with the taxi because we were charged nearly 40 euros....there were four of us, two cases and it was night time so i am not sure if this makes a difference.Overall a nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gm2484
<Content>Just satisfactory We chose to stay in the Princess because the children were offered a free connecting room. This was great as they had their own room, bathroom and facilities. I found the staff pleasant and helpful, though as pointed out in previous postings, slow to book in. But we were on our holidays and time was not a problem.The rooms are very dark , quite small but clean . Our shower leaked all over the bathroom floor, so much so that we had to use quite a lot of the towels to soak it up. Yes, we too had the knob inside the toilet stuck on with selotape!! But the toiletries were lovely, towels spotless and fluffy and replaced everyday. The pool was very cold and never seemed to have the sun shinning on it. I realised quite quickly why no one was in the water or sunbathing. The pool area was in the shade most of the time. The seating in the bar area was faded and had seen better days.The location of the hotel is 15 mins by metro from the centre. We are well used to travelling so this was not a problem. The shopping centre next door had the whole floor of eating places with lots of choices. We enjoyed seeing how the local people lived and their children playing in the little play areas. There was a huge play area both inside the shopping mall and acroos the way beside the Forum which kept the children happy.We enjoyed our stay at the Princess but if going back to Barcelona would stay somewhere more central. Hope this helps anyone making a decision as whether to stay or not.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic value 4* Having stayed in a large number of 4* and 5* hotels in resorts and on business I can honestly say that this is the best 4* I have stayed at in a long time. Rooms were not huge but of a fair size for a city break. Small touches like free soft drink and beer in the minibar and slippers and dressing gowns are things that are sadly becomming increasingly rare in this class of hotel, but not here! Also, the unique glass bathroom wall makes the hotel different (blinds come down if you're shy!) and the power shower has to be seen to be believed. More something you would have in your home than a hotel!We booked direct with the hotel and would recommend that you do this as the rate was very reasonable doing it this way. Three nights cost us about 鈧?40. Don't get breakfast in the hotel, the caf茅's in the shopping centre next door are good.It is true that the hotel is a bit out of town, but taxi's are inexpensive after midnight and the tube service is fantastic.I would recommend that you get a taxi to/from the airport as with luggage getting the train then tube is not worth the hassle. it is at max about 鈧?5 euros in a cab.We booked the day before arrival and did not request a high floor with a view until arrival and were still lucky to get the 21st floor. Recommend this hotel and room 2102.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Stamina1914
<Content>WOW If your looking for a hotel in Barcelona, look no further. The hotel was for us a$25 cab ride from the airport and about $15 from Las Ramblas. The hotel was fantastic. Excellent service and amenities. Fantastic very contempary designed rooms. There was also a great mall on the same block and metro stop about a 2 min walk from the hotel. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yyzron
<Content>room with a view We only had a one night stay at the Princess but we were very impressed with our short stay.The rooms are very well layed out and I really liked the ultra modern design of the washroom. This room had the best hotel shower I've ever been in. Not the largest but great water pressure and three nozzel options made for satisfying shower experience.Our view on the 20th floor overlooked the city and offered a view of the Sagrada Familia (a must visit site for all travellers). They also have two pools, and the one on the 23rd floor that overlooks the edge of the building is not to be missed.The Princess is somewhat removed from the Las Ramblas tourist center but is in a very new developing location. However, if you had an extended stay in Barcelona, you'd probably take transit to some of the more popular locations.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LNCG
<Content>"friendly! We liked it"       room entrance  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Iain____Mitchell
<Content>Fantastic City, Wonderful Hotel We stayed in this hotel in September 2005 for 11 nights. We arrived at Barcelona Airport late afternoon and caught a train from the airport to Sant Adria del Besos (4 euro each taking approx 30mins) Since the tram outside this station wasn't operating we got on a bus that was put on instead, and this dropped us off outside the hotel. Taxi Fare would have been 30 euro. We took advantage of a room on the 22nd floor which provided breathtaking views of the city. The room was modern and clean. Facilities included air conditioning, pc point with free internet access for those with their own laptop, television, safe, and minibar providing 5 free drinks daily (1 beer, 1 coke, 1 lemon and 2 water). We were slightly dissapointed that the large double bed was in fact 2 single beds pushed together but they were joined by brackets so didn't come away from each other. The hotel pools were very small however as we were rarely in the hotel we would not have been in a position to use them anyway. We did use the sauna which was again very clean and free towels provided. Across from the hotel entrance about 75metres is the underground station El Maresme/Forum(Line 4) and I would recommend you buy a T 10 given 10 rides on the underground system. NB The underground closes at 12am Mon-Thurs but is open until 2am at weekends. Taxis are reasonably inexpensive so if you have ventured into the city centre it doesn't cost a fortune to get back to the hotel in the early hours. Barcelona has so much to offer from a sandy beach to gothic architecture to modern art. The hotel offers free internet access from 2 pc's on the 1st floor and this is useful for finding out places of interest or local restaurants whilst you are there. The hotel bar is well stocked and nice for a quiet drink although did lack a bit of atmosphere. Olympic Port is only 30minutes walking distance for those looking for a more lively nightime scene. Overall a modern, clean and friendly hotel and we will definetly consider staying there on our next Barcelona visit.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>R-LIL'S
<Content>Princess of all hotels... This hotel is in a great location called the Forum and what a fantastic hotel...nice, clean, friendly and very near the beach. The staff were very helpful and very friendly and they all spoke English. I was here for six days with my boyfriend, this being our third visit to Barcelona this year. Our room was on the 25th floor with fantastic views of the sea and Barcelona skyline. Our room was very modern with a free mini-bar (5 drinks free each day) and a glass bathroom with black-out drapes, very useful if your shy.... The hotel was very clean, and everything was provided including slippers, nail file,shaving kit and a toothbrush (I forgot mine). The sandy beach Nova Mar Bella was only 10 minutes walk away with several very cheap bars open until all hours. The famous Port Olimpic was an enjoyable 20 minutes walk away, the restaurants and clubs in Port Olympic are well worth a visit, something to suit all ages. The nearby tram was not working however the metro was very easy to use.The hotel bar was rather expensive (鈧?8 for 2 drinks) so we visited the shopping mall next door where we got a bottle of Torres Brandy for 鈧? and several bottles of chardonnay for a cheap 鈧? per bottles...lovely jubbly. There was also some lovely places to eat here including a fantastic tapas cafe...well worth a visit.The outdoor pool on the 23rd floor could be seen from our room -there were only about 10 sun-lounges available. There was also a small pool on the 3rd floor with more lounges available. The nearby Parc de Diagonal Mar (park) was very romantic and peaceful. Barcelona is a fantastic City, this is our third visit this year and we will be back....we love this city and this hotel tops them all - we will return.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mramsbottom
<Content>Fantastique Princess Hotel This hotel - PRINCESS - has to be the most excellent hotel in Europe in whichI have ever stayed. Four of us travelled from Alicante airport to Barcelona for an Irish wedding ! from the moment we arrived at reception to check in until we checked out, we were simply amazed with the friendly staff, beautiful interiors, comfortable beds, and panoramic views which makes this hotel a 'gem' in Barcelona. We will be back !Maura Ramsbottom  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>touchango
<Content>Great Views Over the City!! I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend over New Year (which coincided with my 40th!). I surfed the web for quite a while before booking and booked this as it seemed to be a great standard hotel for a very reasonable price. I noted that the best views were undoubtably going to be from the high floors so asked for a room on a high floor when I booked over the net.When we got there we drove round the block twice as we couldn't see anywhere to park before it became evident that everyone just dumped their car in the road outside and gave the keys to the check-in desk for valet parking. Parking fee was extra but not too expensive.On check-in we were asked if we wanted a sea or city view and opted for the city view. We were given a room on the 25th floor with spectacular views over Barcelona at night. The room itself was great and very clean, and the free mini-bar was restocked daily. Loved the bathroom and the electric blinds!We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as it was quite expensive but there were very inexpensive places to have a coffee and a pastry in the shopping centre next door. We did eat in the hotel restaurant one night (New Year's Eve) but they ran out of food (it was buffet style) so it wasn't spectacular and I wouldn't recommend the restaurant. We did complain about the meal the following day (we couldn't complain on the night as too many people were complaining already!) and spoke to the hotel manager who gave me his card and asked me to email him when I got back (but I never got round to it).There was internet access in the lobby which was great for keeping up with emails. We didn't use the pools as it was January but although small they looked quite nice, especially the infinity pool on the 23rd floor!The hotel isn't in the greatest area but they seem to be doing a lot of building work in the area so maybe it will be nicer soon, but it's very near the metro which is very convenient for seeing the centry of Barcelona.I would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We have just returned from a 4 day break in Barcelona. it was our first visit and it certainly won't be the last. We had a view of the city to die for. The level of the rooms are fantastic, everything you could wish for, including a complimentary bar which was stocked each day. The room service was second to none. All staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful.All the facilities of the hotel were excellent, the swimming pools were clean, saunas, jacuzzi were just amazing. The bar prices were just like any other bar in the city.We visited a few of the most amazing buildings, Sagrada Familia, Nou Camp and the Olympic Stadium were just brilliant.Eating out was a joy, plenty of bars restaurants around the hotel andthen 5 minutes away your into Port Olympic were the nite life and restaurants were fantastic.If you are planning on a long weekend break then this is a must.....excellentSimon  Melanie  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>luxe for less We two sisters and mothers of young children booked this hotel because it had two pools, was near to public transport (Maresme/El Forum on the yellow line towards La Pau - strangely the tramvia was not working along the Avignuda Diagonal while we were there and no-one could tell us why) and was remarkably cheap for a 4* hotel. We were all delighted - by the free minibar, the artemide tolomeo lamps, the blinds, the glassy bathroom, the lovely chambermaids and hall porters, the dinky but very pleasant pools and terraces. It is an amazing package. When I booked, I did wonder about some of the earlier complaints - Fawlty Towers, etc, but frankly, unless you are a top-exec type, who can't bear to wait around in reception for 20 minutes or so while they work out their computers, you will have no complaints.We didn't try the breakfast or restaurant/room service here because of the price, and because Barcelona is full of characterful places to eat. The Gym Bar was good for lunchtime sandwiches and drinks and all the staff were polite and helpful. It was quite funny to see a notice by the lift which threatened supplementary charges for people who brought in food from outside, but the huge Diagonal Mar mall next door, full of fast-food restaurants was a bit of a mixed blessing for the proprietors of this hotel as I saw people bringing in their Burger Kings in a brown paper bag. Probably not the image the management was looking for when it invested in the Moroso and BB Italia lobby furniture. The Canary Wharf type regeneration that is going on locally makes the spot quite soulless but calm in comparison with the hullaballoo of the historical centre - it was relaxing to come back late at night to a spacious and dust-free environment. Public transport is extremely cheap - 6.9 euros for ten trips on bus/metro, which can be used by the whole party. Taxis are also good value - about 28 euros to the airport and around 8 euros to the centre of town. We really enjoyed the hotel and the holiday as a whole. The only bad shock was a 63 euro phone call to China, but that's not compulsory.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay       The bathroom  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel with an Excellent Location Just returned from a 2 night break in Barcelona staying at the Hotel Barcelona Princess. This hotel was very clean, comfortable and modern with excellent facilities and the staff were all very helpful. On arrival at the hotel we were met by a porter who later brought our luggage to the room and answered any questions about the hotel. In our room there was plenty of information about the hotel and city attractions. We were staying on the ninth floor and had a fantastic view of the sea. The minibar was complementary and was re-stocked upon request and room service was also available 24 hours. On our first night our shower leaked over the bathroom floor but within 20 minutes a maintenance person came to the room and resolved the problem.I had been worried when booking the hotel that we would be too far from any of the main attractions but we were just minutes from the beach (making the temperature more bearable) and there was a huge shopping centre right next to the hotel with plenty of shops, bars and restaurants. The hotel was also located right next to metro station which is a very easy and cheap way of getting around the city (the metro trains are also air conditioned). To sum up I thought the hotel was fantastic but 2 nights is not long enough in this amazing city. I will certainly be going back and will definitely stay at the Hotel Barcelona Princess again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MichaelMancini
<Content>Very modern hotel       The view from the terrace (11th floor)  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! This is a fabulous 4 star hotel. I was a little worried about it being too far from the buzz of Barcelona but this is a great hotel in a great location. Don't waste money on taxi's from the airport - follow Expedia's advice and get the airport train to Sant Adria de Besos Station and then get the tram to the Forum [about 3 or 4 stops] and the hotel is just across the road.We didn't try the food at the hotel so cannot comment but the Diagonal Mar shopping centre which is directly next door has everything from Starbucks to Pizza plus it also has a supermarket which sells EVERYTHING!The hotel rooms are fantastic - great air conditioning [very quiet], blackout blinds [fantastic], great views and spotlessly clean.Buy a 10 trip ticket which can be used on the underground and trams - this was a great deal and saves times as well as money.We didn't realise that the beach was only about 10 minutes from the hotel and you can walk [which we did most mornings] along the coast line to the centre of Barcelona [takes about an hour but worth it].I would definately recommend this fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for a Great City       great rooms  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sweet       view 24th floor  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LindseyCulley
<Content>View to die for My husband and I stayed for 4 nights. I booked through 2 different companies 2 nights with each which worked out cheaper and didn't have to change rooms half way through which was good. B/fast was included for the first 2 but was pricey to pay for the second 2 at 16 Euros each, so didn't bother. Modern rooms with the most spectacular view of Barcelona, we stayed on 23rd floor and I would recommend to anyone to stay above say floor 15 to appreciate the view available. Shower in the room was fantastic after a long day sightseeing.We were quoted 45 Euros fr a taxi from the airport so caught airport bus to Catalunya Square - Euro 3.20 and then Metro to hotel (10 underground trips for Euro 6.30). Need to use the Metro to get into town but they are every 5mins or so, cheap and it only takes about 15mins. Worth the journey out of town to stay in a quality hotel like this, rather than a same priced lower standard hotel in the centre.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value       view from our room  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WibaWoba
<Content>Cracking Room   showReview(3452870, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AndrewMUk
<Content>A good hotel   showReview(3451961, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Scared of heights?!!   showReview(3447711, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>menumad
<Content>barcelona princess   showReview(3447566, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a veiw!   showReview(3434372, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Find Another Hotel   showReview(3419545, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faulty Towers II   showReview(3403311, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Greeneo
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       View from the street  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VoyagerWiltsire_UK
<Content>What a view!   showReview(3318301, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>elgomo
<Content>Las mejores vistas de Barcelona   showReview(23443455, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ALONSOA
<Content>Muy buen hotel   showReview(20526965, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>yolkimo
<Content>Hotel muy recomendable       vistas desde la habitaci贸n  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Aussicht - leider wenig los im Umfeld   showReview(20550827, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Impossible de trouver une...   showReview(20436187, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel appariscente ma poco...   showReview(20237665, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon hotel   showReview(20550826, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BOLOGNA90
<Content>princessss   showReview(19569279, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bonne hotel pour se d茅tendre dans un tr猫s jolie cadre moderne   showReview(19633166, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un r茅gal pour barcelona princess   showReview(19633165, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>猫 veramente come in foto   showReview(19633164, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un super h么tel pour un voyage tranquil 脿 BARCELONE   showReview(19633158, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(19633161, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel!!!   showReview(19633160, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽ue   showReview(19633156, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel de qualit茅   showReview(19633155, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>phil42
<Content>Superbe hotel       La salle de bain  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>4 **** Sup. m茅rit茅es   showReview(19633162, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Hotel   showReview(19633159, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Au top!   showReview(19633163, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ElViajero40
<Content>Moderno, buena atencion y muy comodo       vista desde el balcon de la pieza  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel excellent   showReview(18536374, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super h么tel   showReview(18536375, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kerstan
<Content>脛u脽erst empfehlenswert!   showReview(17587782, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design, confort, situation... tout y est !!!   showReview(18536371, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut getroffen   showReview(16595801, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel a ne pas manquer   showReview(16595803, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde ich Jederzeit wieder buchen   showReview(16595802, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L盲rm durch Rummel   showReview(16595789, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait   showReview(16595795, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bien si ce n'est les bruits de la ventilation de notre chambre   showReview(16595794, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 conseiller   showReview(16595793, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(16595791, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un super h么tel   showReview(16595790, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht beeindruckt   showReview(16595788, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Alternative zu Innenstadthotels   showReview(15561037, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente atencion,cuartos...   showReview(16725835, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Qualit茅 de l'accueil 脿 am茅liorer...   showReview(15561036, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excentr茅 et sur茅valu茅   showReview(15561033, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gerne wieder   showReview(15561031, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Totalement satisfait   showReview(15561032, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bester Ausblick***   showReview(15561030, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>danielpreisig
<Content>Sensationelles Designerhotel, mit guter Aussicht       Auf der Terrasse  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(14728215, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nur Architektur beeindruckend   showReview(14728214, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel, sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(14728208, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel per affari   showReview(14728207, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne les yeux ferm茅s   showReview(14728206, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Splendido come Barcellona!!!   showReview(14728204, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel   showReview(14728205, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mb_funky
<Content>ottimo soggiorno   showReview(14011391, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse!   showReview(13980676, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel!   showReview(13980675, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13980674, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il principe di Barcellona   showReview(13980673, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel extraordinaire 脿 tous points de vue.   showReview(13980672, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚nes Hotel mit einer Traumaussicht   showReview(13980671, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons   showReview(13980670, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Designerhotel   showReview(13196045, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>silvio67
<Content>emozionante       la vista sulla citta'  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>aleda83
<Content>stupendo   showReview(12476186, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E veramente come viene descritto   showReview(12648339, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione decentra, ma ci si...   showReview(11424239, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une chambre tr猫s moderne avec vue sur la mer   showReview(11312364, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y sommes retourn茅s et nous y retournerons   showReview(11312363, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Giovanni5
<Content>Barcelona Princess Hotel - ist eine Reise wert   showReview(10604507, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrVagabond
<Content>Meraviglioso   showReview(10449438, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder :o)   showReview(11657570, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Blick aufs Meer   showReview(11657568, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien, mais un probl猫me d'insonorisation   showReview(11657566, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toller Abschluss unserer Spanientour   showReview(11657567, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo... ottimo rapporto...   showReview(12716219, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 un hotel bellissimo e da una...   showReview(11424240, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VINCEB
<Content>formidable s茅jour au Barcelona Princess   showReview(8450818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(11443668, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stefGE
<Content>Rapport qualit茅 prix bon.   showReview(8428435, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Fabrice92500
<Content>le voiturier de l'h么tel endommage le v茅hicule : 421 鈧?脿 la charge de la victime   showReview(8405387, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello davvero ragazzi   showReview(11443667, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen!   showReview(11443666, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes hotel   showReview(11443653, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Ausichten 眉ber Barcelona   showReview(11443652, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>FABULEUX RAPPORT QUALITE PRIX...   showReview(11424241, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FERGUSSON
<Content>Es un 4**** sencillito   showReview(7711150, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Neuf et moderne   showReview(11429411, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>schickes designglashotel mit rundumblick   showReview(11429410, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, aber nur im Sommer.   showReview(11429409, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Aussicht   showReview(11429408, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TOP-Designer-Hotel - nur zu empfehlen   showReview(11429406, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11429405, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gesch盲ftsreise   showReview(11429404, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A retenir quand on aime le moderne   showReview(11405108, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Recommand茅 !   showReview(11405107, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel tr猫s confortable   showReview(11405106, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das sehr moderne Hotel liegt...   showReview(11424242, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11405105, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes 4*-Hotel mit hervorragendem Blick gen Meer und Stadt   showReview(11399281, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>modernes, ordentliches Hotel   showReview(11399280, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>princess   showReview(11399279, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11399278, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je vous le recommande !   showReview(11391983, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>FABULEUX.   showReview(11391982, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>100m de haut   showReview(11386200, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura enormi stanze...   showReview(11424243, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(11366389, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura, sono un...   showReview(11424245, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne Wieder   showReview(11356167, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder ...   showReview(11356166, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(11356165, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe h么tel design   showReview(11333898, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Personal war sehr sehr...   showReview(11424244, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EXCELLENT   showReview(11333897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un super h么tel, mais un peu d茅莽u quand m锚me !   showReview(11333896, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel moderne magnifique a 10 minutes du centre historique   showReview(11333891, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zu empfehlen, gerne wieder   showReview(11332041, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11331091, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un p貌 fuori mano.... ma un...   showReview(11424246, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toller Blick auf das Meer   showReview(11331090, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe vue   showReview(11331089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL ECCEZIONALE, STUPENDA LA...   showReview(11424247, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Probl猫me de parking. Seul le...   showReview(11424248, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 moderno e originale...   showReview(11424249, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Che il servizio fosse molto...   showReview(11424250, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Me parece un Hotel con unas...   showReview(11424251, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

