<Author>Deejaypea
<Content>As Good As It Gets What a wonderful hotel. We were in the Regency Club with is complimentary buffet breakfast and evening cocktails (well worth the small extra cost)The staff are the friendliest, but equally efficient, one could wish for. They quickly learn your name and greet you wherever they see you.The gardens are superb. It would be easy to spend a day enjoying all the flora and fauna.Yes, the buildings are concrete and it wasn't built in the last 5 years, so if you are looking for a plastic modern hotel, go somewhere else. But if you want to be in Bali, for me it is here.This is in my top ten favourite hotels in the world  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Service       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Andy068
<Content>Rather Disappointed! Dear Reader,after our recent one night stay at the Bali Hyatt, we unfortunately have to confirm the negative review written by LukePerth dated Nov 18, 2008. Our room was very humid and loud, which may relate to the structural set-up of the hotel property. We think that it could be worthwhile to invest some more $$$ and stay at the Sheraton Laguna Beach Resort in Nusa Dua.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Seaislegal
<Content>Fantastic time at a hotel I'd first been to with my parents in 1979       The wildlife scenery we saw while enjoying cocktails in the Regency Club  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>koolwal
<Content>Amazing experience       Telaga Naga Restaurant  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LeedsJules18
<Content>Bali Hyatt Bliss ... My husband and I spent 14 blissful nights at the Bali Hyatt in Sanur for a honeymoon last month. We were made to feel like royalty during our stay with petal filled baths on arrival and of course a honeymoon photo framed! They couldn't do enough for us. The pools were lovely and we spent many days chilling out by the pools. The breakfast was absolutely fantastic (am sure we piled on a few pounds during our 2 weeks!). I was also impressed with the restaurants onsite. It was great to be able to visit the sister hotel Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua. Whilst the beach is far nicer and more enjoyable for swimming, the pools were actually hot not cold as there is very little shade. I therefore much preferred our hotel back in Sanur.I was particularly impressed with the Spa village. It was like something out of James Bond! We had several treatments and found the staff to be not only fantastic at what they do but terribly polite and genuine.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Hyatt. We had a wonderful stay and made great use of the facilities on offer, even the hotel clinic!A wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tashgorgeous
<Content>Relaxation at its finest       Poolside  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LukePerth
<Content>Our fourth visit to Balli In October my wife(56) and I (60) went to Sanur because we were looking for a very relaxed break. We got it; staying 12 nights at Bali Hyatt after failing to get our preference the recommended Puri Santrian and the resort beside it, the Sanur Beach. Primarily I'd have to say that the Bali Hyatt simply shouldn't be carrying that brand - the resort is too old and outdated. Nothing really compensates for the poor state of the brick and mortar (well, stone and tiles), the rattlng lift, the past-their-use-by date swimming pools. Hyatt should bulldoze the building and start again - but retain the magnificient gardens and ponds. The resort begs a new building and better beach facilities. We stayed at the ocean view rooms (make sure you get a king size bed for a couple), which are probably the best bet because of the view over the gardens to the ocean. We didn't inspect the club rooms but were told they were the same size with an inland view. An endearing and indelible feature was the high standard of cordiality of staff. Without exception every visitor got what seemed to be a genuine a smile and a good morning, every day, every time and excellent service. On reflection Nusa Dua probably offers a better, sunnier, more modern holiday; whereas Kuta is a party town.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cornish007
<Content>excellent hotel and staff A Brilliant hotel.Nice enough ocean front-room, granted it's a tad dated but how long do you spend in your bedroom?Clean and tidy is the main point. Nice sized balcony/terrace.Superb grounds and lovely swimming pools. A previous review says the pool was dirty, the water was green. It's supposed to have that effect, it has green tiles!As a bit of a boozer one of the best things was the very reasonably priced cocktails at the beautiful open air bar overlooking the pool and grounds.Lots of very nice restaurants in Sanur just minutes walk away.20 minutes to Kuta in a taxi. We actually thought Kuta was a bit of a hole and preferred Sanur.Make sure you go to Jimbaran beach for a seafood platter whilst watching the sunset.The Bali Hyatt wasn't our first choice, but we were very gald the others were all booked out. can't fault this hotel and it's very friendly staff and excellent day time restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DebNottingham
<Content>Beautiful Gardens Just returned from the Bali Hyatt Sanur, the gardens where spectacular, by far one of the nicest settings I have been to. We had a room in the Regency Club and would reccomend anybody to upgrade to this as its well worth the experience and money. Breakfast was an assortment of hot and cold foods, nothing was too much trouble and the service was excellent. They also offered you drinks daily between 5 and 7 along with a beautifull buffet. Drinks in the rest of the hotel were expensive along with the food. Outside the hotel there are many bars and restaurants offering some excellent food very cheaply.The beach was stunning, but if you want to swim in the sea, this is not the resort for you. The water is very shallow and only accesible to swimming if you take a boat out to the corral reef.The spa was well worth the visit, although not cheap, it was the most luxureous experience, would definately have gone again if had the time.Overall a fantastic hotel, a beautiful setting with excellent service.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>magpie_rover
<Content>Loved Bali Hyatt       Regency Club pond  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Noons32
<Content>So relaxing the Noons Newcastle We stayed here for 1 week in September, and found it so relaxing we had upgraded to a regency club room which was well worth the extra cost.The staff could not be helpfull enough, the gardens are kept imaculate and are well worth wondering.The pond around the Club regency lounge has an abundance of wildlife including squirells.we would return to this hotel again no problem  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kdhFrance
<Content>Nice hotel, lovely gardens. Stayed for 10 nights from 5th October. We booked a garden view room which we thought were nice enough with lovely views of the gardens. The first room we were given over looked the reception area which was ok until the entertainment in the bar area went on till past midnight. When I called to ask when the (awful) singing was going to end I was told 11.00, I then pointed out it was already past midnight I was told they would call me back. Anyway it stopped a little later. We asked to move the next day which the hotel was happy to do. The rooms had everything we needed. The bed was huge with the most comfortable matress and pillows you could imagine. Towels, tea,coffee and water were topped up twice a day. The room was lovely and clean. Breakfast was good with all sorts of choices, though the chicken sausage was strange. Eggs were any way you wanted them. Also they had Bercher Museli which you must try, very nice. The pool guys were very helpfull in finding you a sun bed in the sun or shade. Pools were lovely. Staff were helpfull and always said hello with a smile. We went to a BBQ night at the hotel with traditional dancing. Food was very nice with lots of choices and lots of lovely deserts. It was included in our pachage though it was normally 拢15 each, not sure it was worth that much (drinks not included) We ate at the beach restaurant out the hotel and turn right (beech side) it's the first one after you go through the barrier. Food was nice for lunch. Overall a nice hotel though could do with an update. If I went back to Sanur I would probably stay again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Smooth_Sluggo
<Content>Nice, but not 5-star This is a beautiful hotel in a great location, with decent service and so-so rooms. If/when I travel to Bali I would definitely consider booking here again, but will look closer.The hotel grounds are beautiful. We stayed in a garden room with a stunning view of the lush gardens on the hotel grounds. If you like the night sounds of bugs and birds chirping, you will love tihs place. These rooms were also cheaper than the ocean view rooms, which, unlike the garden rooms, were not right on the ocean. The garden rooms were definitely a better value for the money.The rooms themselves are showing their age. Nice decorations and feel, but a tiny TV and an older bathroom are items you don't expect in a top resort. The one aspect of the hotel that was a real turn-off was the system of reserving beach and pool chairs with a towel. Its one thing if you're getting up to get a drink, but another when you're gone for several hours. I noticed a lot of people would do this, particularly on the beach where the number of chairs with shade is limited. I would hope that the hotel changes this policy in the future and limits the unoccupied time to 30 minutes--its simply not fair to the other guests.I was also disappointed when I left the hotel. Taxis are quite abundant in Sanur--just wait for 30 seconds and one will pass buy--and it was our intent to take one to the airport. The hotel first tried to sell us their shuttle (at 3x the price of a metered taxi), and then offered to call a taxi in using their service for 2x the price of the normal metered rate. It was only when we started to walk to the street that the offered to flag down a taxi. It was a shameless way to try and make a few extra dollars.Last gripe: what's up with not having an alarm clock in the room?  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>KMCP3122
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful! If you have been reading some of the other reviews below then all I can say is I completely agree with the littleherbets from Kent!On arrival we were greeted with a genuine smile, a refreshing drink and a welcomed cold towel! We were then shown to our room, a standard Garden View room, which was lovely. A huge bed and all the facilities you would require of your holiday room, including a hairdryer and excellent air conditioning! The rooms were tended to twice a day which included topping up supplies of free bottles of water, tea and coffee plus two lots of fresh towels as well as a high standard of cleaning.The hotel itself is beautiful. It is not your plastic fantastic hotel that you would get in the big cities but had been built to represent the traditional side of Bali, which we felt it captured completely. Both pools were lovely and there were more than enough sun beds to go around, even though the hotel was at capacity! You may have to get up a little earlier if you want a prime spot but if you don't feel like manoeuvring your own sun bed, the staff will do it for you. We ate in the hotel on the first night, for convenience more than anything else, which was delicious but is a lot more expensive than in the town. We then enjoyed meals out every night which ranged from 拢15 to 拢35. This was for 3 courses plus drinks so even the more costly meals were still excellent value for money!You can go either left or right out of the hotel to find ample restaurants There are more to the right but it's a bit more of a walk - unless you're feeling lazy and you get a taxi for 5000rph (approx 33p!) There is also a large supermarket to the right (Hardy's) or a smaller, closer one, to the left.We went on a couple of trips with Bali Tours, as they were in with the price of our holiday and we couldn't fault them. Again the staff were extremely friendly and also provided a very interesting and in-depth knowledge of the island and its history. The monkey temple was great as was Tannah Lot at sunset - beautiful!We did get a taxi to Kuta for a bit of a night out but it was not really our scene. It wasn't that we felt particularly unsafe (although stay on your guard, as you should on any night out!) but it was all dance music, which just gives me a headache! ;-)All in all Bali is an amazing island with amazing people and the Bali Hyatt complimented it very well! Enjoy x  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saffier
<Content>beautiful gardens My husband and I booked a 10 night stay during which I celebrated my 40th birthday. Following a very long journey from the UK we finally arraived at the Hyatt to be greeted by the lovely smiling staff bearing lei garlands and cold fruit juice. Check in was easy and straight forward and then we were shown to our room- 2301, which overlooked the absolutely stunning gardens. We also had a huge sun terrace with 2 sun loungers and parasol in addition to the small patio table and chairs. There was no sign of dampness and the room was spotlessly clean. We had upgraded to the Regency Club and would recommend this. The Regency lounge is so peaceful and the perfect way to start the day with a gentle breakfast overlooking the pretty pond, watching the fish, dragonflys and occasional lizard. Its also very pleasant to go in there during the day for a cup of tea/coffee, and again early evening for a pre-dinner drink. I never experienced any problem obtaining a sun lounger. There were plenty of them available at least up to about 11am. My only slight critisism is that perhaps more parasols could be available as the palm trees didn't always provide enough shade- at least for my easily burnt, pale british skin!We ate quite a few times in the hotel and found prices to be reasonable, and the fish at the Oomang grill was delicious. Outside of the hotel there are plenty of cheaper restaurants; one of our favourites was the Bonsai Cafe a 20 minute walk north on the sea front promenade. However, we walked back along here one night and it was very dark as some of the overhead lights were not working so my advice would be to take a torch.We tried cheaper spa's outside of the hotel (Jari Menari in Seminyak is a must!) but the Wening massage in the Hyatt Spa just before bed was wonderfully relaxing and well worth the higher price. For two days we hired a driver who took us to the rice fields, temples, Ubud, Bali Bird and Reptile Park, a Barong show.....but Bali still has more to see than we could ever try to fit into 2 days. (The Bali forum on this website was invaluable in the planning of my trip)I have to admit that I was concerned by some of the negative reviews but all of these evaporated once we arrived. The staff couldn't have been more pleasant, helpful and genuinely friendly.We hope to make a return trip to Bali and have no hesitation in staying once more at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>martinktyler
<Content>Save your money and sleep on the street - service will be better. We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for our honeymoon recently and it was dreadful. The entire place reminds me a 1960's concrete tower block, and the staff just don't give a damn. They should change the name of the hotel to 'Bali Hyatt - a false smile through clenched teeth'.We checked in to a room way worse that we had booked and paid for, it hadn't been cleaned (evidenced by other peoples hair in the bathroom), and it took three days of complaining to get the room which we had booked and paid for, let alone a free upgrade. Seriously, save your money and sleep on the street / beech, the passing residents will be nicer to you than the hotel staff. A truly horrific hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>marie039
<Content>Problematic My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt for our honeymoon and would not recommend it. When we arrived the hotel gave us a room two grades lower than what we had paid for, it took lots of complaining for us eventually to get the room we had paid for. The hotel has not aged well and is very old fashioned. I also had to get the hotel to clean the bathroom 3 times because there was hair (not mine) on the floor and the towels had not been changed! The grounds of the hotel are very pretty but if you want a sun lounger you will have to be up early because by 7.00am the Germans and Russians have put towels on them all!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Thelittleherberts
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!!       Gardens  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>DavskiNewbury
<Content>Excellent Once Again! Third stay!       Hyatt gardens  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beans87
<Content>perfect After reading some reviews on trip advisor, i was hesitant to book at the bali hyatt but decided to just try it out as it looked better than the other options.i have to say that it was just incredible, me and partner were just in love with the place, it was so beautiful and everything looks just as it was in the photos.we booked a regency club room and were very pleased with it.breakfast:we got breakfast at the regency club and were impressed with the spread of fruit, breads, pastries, cereals, egss, traditional balinese breakfasts, juices and teas.. there was so much variety and the staff were so excellent, nothing was too much for them and they were all so so helpful and friendlywe did try breakfast at the wantilan cafe which we didnt find that different except that it was busy and that you have to toast your own bread and fill your own juice etc etcrooms:we had a regency club room which was nice and not too dissimilar to the the regular rooms except the bathrooms were a lot nicer. air condition worked lovely, rooms were kept very very clean, towels were changed regularly, and there were lots of channels on the tv. in short, it was everything you needed.hotel in general - the pools were fab and clean, we didnt have a problem getting deck chairs. the grounds are just stunning, the gardens are so meticulously kept and just so beautiful.the staff are frindly and helpful.the spa was lovely however, much much more expensive than outside. there was a lovely massage parlour if you come out of the hotel and turn left which was v.v.cheap..food wise we didnt really eat in the hotel much as in the regency club there was food available from 5pm - 7pm which was included in the price and was extremely filling, but we ate outside of the hotel alot as there are so many restaraunts - would recommend gateway of india and massimos (turn right out of the hotel)all in all, we absolutely loved our stay and would definately without a doubt go back, it was like paradise.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AmandaChitown
<Content>Beautiful hotel in a great location Just returned from 4 nights at the Bali Hyatt and although I was hesitant to stay at a large chain hotel on such a unique island, I was very impressed with the location, atmosphere, security, staff and value of the Bali Hyatt. The pool area was great-2 pools plus a swim up bar, hot tub, cool tub, plenty of lounge chairs, ping pong and good poolside food and drinks. Hotel concierage was wonderful in booking us restaurant reservations, a driver to Ubud and a boating trip. (Take the Bali Hai Reef Cruise!). Service everywhere at the hotel was top notch. We did the Regency Club rate which included a great breakfast every morning and happy hour cocktails at night. The only complaint would be that the rooms were a little outdated but still decorated very nicely. It's not like you go to Bali to hang out in your hotel room anyways... The grounds were gorgeous and the beach is right out back. The ocean there is not the most ideal for swimming as it was mostly low tide when we saw it and didn't get much higher than your knees. Lots of great beach front huts nearby to get souvenirs and massages. The streets of Sanur are right out front and good local restaurants, bars and shops are within 5-10 min walk. Very easy to get taxis as well into Kuta or Seminyak, which are about 20-30 min away and $6-7 fare.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tom28
<Content>Excellent service and a great place for a rest Just returned from a ten day stay at the Bali Hyatt and would recommend this place for anyone wanting excellent service and a restful holiday.We stayed in an ocean view room and were pleased with the room facilities. The beds are very comfortable, air conditioning very efficient, great complimentary toiletries in the bathroom and the free bottled water replenished twice a day was much appreciated. The only slight downside is the exterior of the balcony which was rather dated. The staff were all incredibly polite and friendly, with the room attendant and pool staff remembering our names. The gardens are lovely and well maintained and the whole resort is very peaceful. The breakfast buffet is fine with plenty of choice , but we found that its much cheaper to eat outside the hotel for lunch or dinner. (can recommend the nearby bar/restaurant 'Apakabar')Overall we had a great holiday and would definately return.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spaghetti1
<Content>Loved the Bali Hyatt We have just returned from our stay at the Bali Hyatt, which was the 2nd part of our honeymoon. We stayed in a Ocean Vuiew King room and were really impressed. It was a good sized room which was cleaned TWICE daily. They provide bottled water twice daily and the TV was a good size. Beds were very comfy and clean - so we didn't have much else to ask for really. The service in all of the bars were fantastic, but the main selling point for this hotel is the surroundings. The gardens surrounding the pools are breathtaking and very well kept.I would recommend this hotel extremely highly and would only suggest the two following points (in order to be objective).1) Prices of drinks, meals etc are 4 times that of outside the complex in town2) If you want to get a good spot by the pool during the day, you really need to go against all principles and get there early to put your towels on a lounger. Maybe then go for some breakfast and return afterwards. This certainly goes against how I think it should work, but it really is a case of 'if you can't beat them, join them'! A great stay!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>LiQ-American
<Content>County Club Feeling My wife and I had recently spent 4 days here after a stint at the Ritz, Bali. My idea not the wife's. We haven't stayed here since the summer of 2006. At that time, we left here very disappointed. The rooms were damp and dirty back then, and the service was somewhat lacking. Boy have things changed.  Upon our arrival, the manager from 2006 greeted us. He had all the details, (some of my negative feelings were listed) from our last visit 2 years ago, in fact from all our 3 previous visits at his hotel. This kind of freaked us out a bit. We had no need to worry. He was happy that we gave them another try. The first thing that he did was let us know that as soon as the Regancy Club room (which we were upgraded to), was ready, (4th floor over looking the ocean), we could settle in. Immediately I began to remind him that I heard that before at this hotel. He reassured us with 2 complimentary dinner vouchers for anything on the menu, while we waited for our room. That helped a bit for I had the steak sandwich.Great.  At about the time that we were finishing our meals, we were presented with our room card-keys, and were brought to the place we were to call home for the next 4 days. To say that we were knocked off our feet, would be an understatement. It was beautiful with a great view of the garden/lawn area and the ocean. An immediate amends from our disappointments of 2 summers ago, had been made. Of course this hotel doesn't come close in comparison to the Ritz or the Intercontinental resorts, but it has a great country club feel to it. They don't. People that had worked at the hotel and the beaches from 2 years ago, still remembered us. While the wife had a 2 hour spa at the hotel, I would go just beachside of the hotel to the right, and get my US$5.00 massage from Daimi. The same woman that took good care of the wife and I two years ago. The next day, while the wife had her hour long tennis lesson, I went sailing on a traditional Javanese sailboat with a buddy I ran into from 2 years ago named Madi. I think he stilll used the same boat from that time, for it looked a little worn. However, this added to the overall excitement and feel of our stay here. Sanur beach at high tide isn't very deep. In fact, it isn't over my head while swimming. So make sure that the tide is in, if you plan to do water sports. At low tide you could walk all the way to the reef. Maybe that's why some of the surfers that I ran into in Kuta call Sanur Beach, Sn-ore Beach. Keep the surfboards at home, if you are planning to stay at this hotel. The hotel food was very good with a reasonable price. The buffet breakfast had improved very much since our last stay. The buffet was served in an enclosed area, no flies/birds to contend with. Unlike 2 years ago, you weren't allowed to smoke in the buffet area. They did have a very nice area for me to smoke my Cohiba cigar in the morning, just outside and away from the decent folks in a separate windowed, but cool area. This made the wife very happy and free from embarrassment, and put me on display for other people to write about.. Kind of like being a monkey at a zoo. The hotel's Italian/pizza restaurant has a great selection. Also along the beach walkway you can find many quiet but perfect, eating establishments with both western and Balinese food and great views of the beach. All nice and very reasonably priced.  In conclusion, my wife said it wasn't the Ritz, but it was the best country club that we have joined and been members of in a very long time. A traditional Balinese feel in every area and every venue.  My wife was happy. I was happy. And to my surprise, my wallet was very happy with our overall stay at the Bali Hyatt in Sanur.*Note: Don't exchange your money here(very low rate). Go to the main road in front of the hotel and transact with the money changers there. Hey, not that I'm cheap,, but a nickel is a nickel in my book.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveler30
<Content>Priced right I'm guessing this hotel is riding our its contract with Hyatt, since it clearly is not a Hyatt level of hotel. I won;t be too critical of the hotel since it has a good location and the grounds are quite nice. The rooms are definite substandard for a Hyatt - really just basic resort rooms that have not been refurbished in a long time. We did book into Club rooms to have access to the club lounge, but the benefits of this are limited. At US$160 a night, the hotel is not unfairly priced, but the low price does certainly give you an indication that this is not a typical Hyatt. I won't suggest not staying here, but you may want to consider some interesting non chain options also.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>devonlassUk
<Content>glad we didn't change       hyatt gardens  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ClaireCoventry
<Content>Excellent Honeymoon       Jimbaran Sunset  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scubadua
<Content>You deserve much better As seasoned travellers, my partner and I were very disappointed in our stay at this hotel resort.The hotel needs a serious update especially the bathrooms with non slip rubber mats in baths, chipped enamel vanity basins, old fashioned tap fittings, poor lighting and a hairdryer which must have been resurrected from the Ark. The rooms were small and furniture old and worn. This was the Deluxe Ocean view room at US$130 per night +21% taxes.There must have been an economy drive as we received only 1 bathsoap in the 4 days we were there.The worst part was that we both got food poisoning from dining at their seafood barbecue on our second night which made our 4 day stay miserable. Its not something you expect to get from eating at a supposed 5 Star resort. In fact the selection of food offered at their restaurants was substandard and overpriced.The overall ambience of the gardens and ponds was beautiful and the staff courteous but I think that is more to do with Bali's climate and people than the management.THIS PLACE IS NOT VALUE FOR MONEY AND DOES NOT DESERVE TO BE IN THE HYATT CHAIN !!!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>pmetka
<Content>GOOD but need refurbishment good hotel , service very nice and efficient the hotel building and rooms really need refurbishment food is ok , but as hotel is located next to the restaurants go and try them ! 3 words : nice,good and cheap !if you like hyatt , try the grand bali hyatt in nusa dua, this one will blow you away ! variety of restaurants and specially a tepanyaki which is excellent !  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SpaceCadet01
<Content>Great location and comfortable stay After reading mixed reviews of the Bali Hyatt, my partner and I decided to book and to go with open minds, and we were pleasantly surprised by our stay.As a couple who would never usually go for a hotel that is part of such a large chain I was a little nervous about what to expect, but upon our arrival those fears melted away...We were greeted by polite staff and handed cold towels (which were a godsend!) along with fresh fruit juice, and the check in process was relatively quick and painless. We were give Lei's to wear which was fantastic for me but my partner found somewhat embarassing (there is photographic evidence obviously!). Also the staff take a photo of you when you arrive, which is left on your bed a few days later in a locally crafted frame (this is free of charge and a nice touch), but after a 22 hour journey it's possibly not the look you most want to remember!The rooms are situated in 3 'blocks', of 4 storeys high each, and my only real gripe about the hotel is the fact that in some places it does resemble a multi -storey carpark. I certainly wasn't expecting as much concrete as I found, although each block has a garden inside and at night they really do look quite pretty.This was howver the only real issue either of us had with the hotel. The room was clean and well decorated, and the amenties were as we would expect from a 4* hotel. The pools were lovely - especially the pool with the waterfall and the sand coloured base, which made it look like a natural lagoon (aside from all the right angles!). The beach was lovely and cleaned often, and the security gaurds did a fanticatic job of keeping non-residents out to ensure a blissfully relaxing time was had by all. There should be more umbrellas on the beach, as it was normally a race to get one in the morning despite it being low season, but aside from that it's great, and the reef makes for a great walk when the tide is out.We didn't eat in the hotel a huge amount so I don't feel suitably qualified to comment on the food, but the 3 lunchtime meals we had were lovely. The location is such that there really is no need to stay in the hotel and eat/drink. There are so many restaurants within walking distance, or a short Bemo ride (which costs 3000 Rupiah to get from one end of Sanur to the other, around 20p!). The hotel is expensive by Balinese standards (although not by the standards of international hotels). A small Bintang in the hotel cost 38,000 Rupiah after tax, but if you walk 2 minutes out the front of the hotel to a local bar/restuarant you'll pay between 10,000  16,000. All in all the hotel really was nice. The gardens were lovely, the pools were clean, the staff were freindly and helpful, and the location was absolutely perfect. the wildlife in the hotel grounds also makes for a memorable stay!Balinese people really are as fantastic as all the reviews you'll read, so if you can handle 2 weeks of 'LOOK IN MY SHOP' you'll no doubt have an absolutely amazing time, as we did!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gabrielleonholiday
<Content>beautiful hotel Bali is lovely and the hotel at a great location with beautiful views. The area is great for sightseeing but you will really want to spend your days lying by the pool. The service very balinese and the food very nice. We chose a basic room and then when we arrived we decided to go for one of the villas suites. The rooms are a bit predictable but very comfortable with lots of space. I loved the grounds of the resort. I thinkk we will return with all the family in a year or too.... problem always being the time it takes to get there. Once you are there really worth it.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jayn
<Content>Best Hotel in Sanur We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for 12 nights in April. The hotel itself was great, the staff were lovely, and the gardens were amazing. The two pools were nice although the sun beds around the pools were taken quite early, however there were enough beds to sit in the gardens or on the beach which was a lot quieter. The breakfast was lovely, filtered coffee and lots of choice. We used room service a few times which was good and the prices were not too expensive although it is a lot cheaper to eat outside the hotel. The rooms were lovely although we had read the rooms were tired (not the case with ours at all). We had an ocean view room and our room was lovely. The pillows and king size bed were so comfortable and the towels were big and thick. The sink plug hole did occasionally smell but that wasn鈥檛 really a problem. The room was not humid as you have a machine in the room to control this. The spa is nice but very expensive compared to outside the hotel. If you like a nice hotel and you do want to visit Bali and Sanur then this hotel is really traditional and pretty.We ate out at a place called 'The Village' a few times and this cost about 拢20 for two people in total (more expensive than the other restaurants we went to) but is the nicest looking restaurant in Sanur just past Hardy's supermarket. We expected Sanur to be quiet, but not as quiet as it was. We were going in about 10pm most nights after our meal as there aren't many bars at all. Sometimes it felt like we were the only tourists walking back to our hotel. The people are friendly and not once did we feel unsafe even when we went to Kuta for a few hours. The weather was fantastic; I think we only had 10 mins of rain in 12 days. This was our first trip to Bali and even though we loved this hotel if you go beyond the beach outside the Bali Hyatt it isn鈥檛 very nice, it was quite disappointing. The beach at the hotel is lovely but the sea is full of seaweed and not very inviting considering you are in the Indian Ocean. The beach to the left and right of the hotel isn鈥檛 very nice. There are stalls/shops either side of the hotel and you do get asked a number of times if you want transport or a massage and the rubbish on the beaches outside these stalls is not very nice. If you are expecting paradise when you go to Bali I think you maybe a bit disappointed. We thought the country itself was pretty and green when we travelled outside the hotel to see the Rice Fields and moutains etc but they should really keep the beaches tidy as that was a total put off, you do not see or hear about this so just be aware. We visited the sister hotel (Grand Hyatt) at Nusa Dua and even though this hotel was new and fantastic, once you walk along the lovely beach in Nusa Dusa we came across flip flops, corn on a cob and loads of empty crisp packets etc. Not our idea of paradise I am afraid. I just think it would not take much to keep on top of these beaches. I appreciate it is a third world country and we have been to a lot of places including India and Thailand but haven鈥檛 experienced rubbish on the beach like this before. But if you are happy to stay in the hotel grounds then this is a lovely hotel although expensive to eat and drink in compared to eating outside.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wood97
<Content>Good choice Stayed here for 9 days with my family . We all liked the hotel and the grounds/gardens were absolutely first rate as were the pools. Staff all very friendly as well.The location was good - you can walk out and along the beach front to find plenty of local facilities, or along the road in either direction. Within the hotel there are various options to eat, all pretty good standard. The buffet breakfast is absolutely superb with something for everyone.As for the rooms, I read many reports on this website of the rooms being poor standard/damp/dated and so on, but its hard to understand where these people are coming from. We found the rooms to be of good standard with very efficient a/c, comfortable beds, good standard bathrooms plus a balcony.We booked 2 rooms next to each other which were separate but had a shared entrance lobby by the clever use of an extra set of double doors thus creating an interconnecting double room set up. The hotel has a 'family plan' where you get the second room at half rate. This made the hotel reasonably affordable for us and although the incidentals are not cheap compared to local standards, they arent too bad by international hotel standards.You can arrange tours via the hotel but if you take the trouble to step out of the hotel you can hire a car plus driver to take you anywhere you might wish to visit at very reasonable rates - do negotiate though.One word of caution. beware the territorial beach towel behaviour of folks from certain European countries. They seem to nab all the best slots by the pools VERY early (I suspect they might be bribing the pool attendants to do this on their behalf the night before). We found this only to be a problem at peak time (morning) whereas if you look for a place in the afternoon you can generally find one. In my opinion this sort of thing should not be allowed by the hotel as most of the sun beds were reserved but no sign of anyone whatsoever for hours on end. I guess you get this problem everywhere in the world these days. Having said all that its such a huge hotel you can always find somewhere - for example the beach beds were mostly vacant.Try the shuttle to the Grand Hyatt for a change of scene. Its a fairly pleasant place with big facilities. It's a newer hotel but lacking the pleasant ambience of the Sanur hotel.If you have young kids, a trip to the monkey forest is a laugh (our 7 year old had his hat pinched which caused much amusement) and it's a fairly short trip out. Also Kuta has to be seen and the Waterbom park is a good trip to do with children.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bopa
<Content>Lovely time at the Bali Hyatt Just returned from a lovely stay at the Bali Hyatt. I must say after reading some reviews I was a little worried about some comments that have been made. I needn't have been from the moment we arrived until the day we left I really don't have anything major to complain about.Our room was just great. It was in hibiscus block which is the first block from reception. We were on the top floor in an ocean view room and had a lovely view to the beach and the gardens. If you want a large balcony I suggest a lower floor as the building slopes and the balconies get narrower as you get to the top.Our room was serviced twice a day. Clean towels added each time. We had no complaints at all. The man who cleaned the room knew our names and when I asked for extra detergent a few packets were added to the room straight away and was kept that way until we left.Staff were very friendly and helpful especially around the pool and beach area. Every morning there was someone willing to help us find a bed for on the beach and put it just where we wanted. The beach was kept clean at all times especially after the rain when it was cleared of debris etc. We wanted a relaxing holiday in a nice location and really think this was achieved at the Bali Hyatt. We visited Kuta mainly for shopping and I must say it was so good to get back to the hotel for peace and quiet. Kuta is ok for a visit and shopping but be warned it is a really busy place. Lots of people trying to get you into their stores to buy and the beach is not a patch on Sanur.If I return to Bali the Bali Hyatt would be my number one choice.On our last day we asked to keep our room until 3pm as we were leaving at 4pm and this wasn't a problem and made life easier for us as we were able to shower and relax before our long journey back to the UK.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>keysPerthAustralia
<Content>lovely peaceful hotel just got back from spending 10 days in hotel cant understand how anyone can say its terrible , its an older very comfortable hotel with great staff the grounds are magnificent the pools just the right temperature the beach swept each day lots of loungers cause the hoggers are out and about very early but if you see the pool boys the night before you get the spot you want. as said before its due an upgrade but this is no way spoils your holiday. get the shuttle to the grand hyatt for the day ,meals cost more but its a good hotel on a lovely beach. Sanur its self was a pleasant surprise good clean restaurants and nice tree lined street to wander up and down. needless to say we will be back!.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lhotse
<Content>Nice Play To Stay We stayed at the Bali Hyatt Sanur Beach for 3 nights in early March. It was a rather last minute decision to book at this hotel so I know I did not get the best rate for our ocean view standard room, but still, it wasn't totally over the top ($140 for the Sunday night, then $175/nt for Mon and Tues night). Our rate included a breakfast buffet which was plentiful and very tasty. The hotel grounds are quite lovely with two pools and access to the beach. If you are looking for a swimming beach however, I don't think the beach in the back of the hotel is ideal. I would describe it more as a beach to sunbathe on or to splash around in. That was a bit disappointing to my boyfriend who enjoys swimming in the ocean. Our room, though a little old in appearance, was comfy. I liked the location of the hotel because we were able to walk to many shops and very good restaurants (we highly recommend Massimo's if you need a break from Indonesian food and want some delicious Italian at cheap prices). As with most Balinese hotels, the service was excellent at the Hyatt. I don't know if we'd book here again in the future but we did enjoy our stay.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>annadiving
<Content>Good old time in big hotel chain       Bali Hyatt room service  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>hi3655
<Content>Just Above Terrible I waited until the last minute to book my room in Sanur and landed at the Hyatt. I checked out the next day. This isn't Bali, this is Disney's version of Bali. I think the staff at the Hyatt is wonderful. They let me switch rooms twice and were in general very helpful and understanding. The rooms at the Hyatt are worn out and in need of complete renovation. The rooms were musty and smelled moldy. (Although there was no visable evidence of mold). There are much better hotel selections in Sanur. However if you want your kids to have lots of other kids to play with and are willing to deal with a substandard room, then the Hyatt is okay.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	4	4	1	

<Author>JDavisSouth
<Content>Lovely hotel, great break Not all Hyatts are my cup of tea. This one is excellent. The staff could not be better. The location is superb and the rooms well furnished. Be careful as a lot of the rooms do not have a great view. We asked to be changed on arrival and got an amazing view.We will definitely return. I think this is best for couples, not for families. The local area is nice too and there are a few excursions worth looking into.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>philippeenrique
<Content>Terrible hotel - concrete and waste of time After having stayed at the Maya Ubud, we were supposed to stay at the Bali Hyatt for ten days. As soon as we arrived and discovered this monster of concrete, we already had doubts that we would have fun here. And unfortunately, we could not stand it. Bali Hyatt is presumably the oldest hotel in Bali, according to what we heard, typical 70s style, and is known to be of very mediocre quality. The rooms are tiny. The ceiling is low, there is a labyrynth of stairs and concrete with very old vegetation that may have covered it in the past but does not do its job anymore. Worse of all is the fact that from 1pm, the sea disappears. You have to walk for several dozens meters to be able to wet your toes in a dirty water.Seriously, it's a hotel to be avoided as much as possible.It's useless to go to Asia and get this poor level of service. We can have this in Europe, without travelling!!!After one night, we moved out to the Intercontinental, which fulfilled all our expectations, but that's another story, I suppose.Philippe from Paris  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Pipdadoodalydoo
<Content>Totally COOL!!!!!!! The pool was FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!! breakfast was magnificent the kids club was really great. overall it was a top hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carolepMelbourne
<Content>Fantaxtic Hotel Have just come come from 2 weeks holiday at the Bali Hyatt and cannot reccommend this hotel highly enough. The surroundings and gardens are just beautiful, staff so friendly and helpful. Some of the decor might be a little tired but they are contstantly working on this. Our room was serviced twice a day, not had that with a hotel before. Again a wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mrsweston2b
<Content>heaven at the Bali Hyatt We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for 5 nights as part of our honeymoon in Asia and we had a fantastic time. I was a little concerned after reading negetive reviews about the hotel but after staying there I realy cannot understand why people can write anything negetive about this wonderful hotel!We arrived after a short flight from Singapore and the welcome we received was unlike any welcome I have ever received at any hotel before. the staff sat us down and made us feel at home with a lovely cocktail and a flower garland. We arrived quite early and our room was not ready as we had booked a sea view but we were happy to sit by the pool until our room was ready which was 4pm. The room itself was a good size with a lovely view of the gardens and sea and although a little musty this was understandable because of the humidity.The pool area at the hotel was beautiful and the staff were fantastic. I can't understand why people complain about the pices at the hotel. we ate luch 4 times, dinner twice and had drinks by the pool every day (happy hour at the pool bar!) and our bill was only 拢120 for the two of us at the end of the holiday which we thought was fantastic in comparison to European prices. Fair enough it was more expensive that the resort restaurants but was worth it for the convenience.Restaurants in resort were fantastic and so cheap! We booked a driver for 2 days (Dean) who was fabulous and we got the chance to see the 'Real' Bali by doing this which was worth every penny.We can't praise this hotel enough and we can't wait to go back. we did venture out to Kuta but felt it was little built up but was great for a night out and shopping. Sanur was perfect for us though.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gr53wal
<Content>The Best Spa Ever! I stayed at this hotel in Dec last year, it was my last leg of the trip after travelling through Malayasia and Singapore.We had a great welcome of a refreshing drink, a garland of flowers, we sat down while the receptionist came to us to check in. The room we booked was on the small size, so we decided to push the boat out and pay extra for the duplex suite.Amazing views from the top floor, which had an outdoor shower. Insects and lizards are to be expected in a tropical country like Bali but it was annoying as we couldnt relax on the beach as much as we would have liked to.The Spa was the best part of the hotel, total relaxation, when you enter, there is soothing balineese music, extensive range of treatments in your own private treatment rooms.Has a huge whirl pool, sauna and steam room.I had the most relaxing stay ever and am looking forward to going back  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mdns
<Content>Older, but comfortable. The room was a bit older looking, but definitely very clean, fresh, and has a very comfortable king-size bed. I've seen and been in worst, for those claiming to be 4*! My room was garden/pool view, and that was perfect enough for me. Breakfast buffet was expansive, a lot of food, but since I stayed for 2 nights, I was hoping that the 2nd breakfast would be with slightly different varieties. Pools were great... the beach was nice and quiet... and I love how the hotel's situated on acres, and acres of land! Yes, there are some funky, minimalist boutique hotels out there, but frankly, those also come with mini-sized gardens or none!Yes, we'd expect a bit more from Hyatt, but then again, as I was traveling alone, I felt safe knowing that I stayed at a known Hotel Chain, and I knew over all it couldn't be that bad.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Paulgr
<Content>A big hotel that still feels personal. For our second stay in Sanur we decided to go a little upmarket so picked the Hyatt as it is about in the middle of Sanur Beach. Right from the start the experience was first class. Smiling greeting, frangipani leis, welcome drink and immediate check in and access to the room despite it being 9am! Thank you!!We had ground floor, beach front in Bougainvillea Court - furthest from reception but closest to the beach - 40 metres from our french doors to the sun lounges on the sand. You could see the breaker line on the lagoon's reef without lifting your head off the king bed's pillows. Bliss.Hyatt make the place feel like a smaller hotel by having the same staff member assigned to your area - same guy cleans every day, (different but) same guy replaces your used towels and turns your bed down in the evening, same gardiner out the front. All smiling. Offering fresh towels twice in the day is a good touch in the tropics, too. We are looking forward to staying again.TIP! Join Hyatt's Gold Passport before staying for extra benefits like free room service morning coffee.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>discovery204
<Content>Tranquil and Beautiful sums up the Bali Hyatt We stayed in the Bali Hyatt over Chinese New Year in February and loved it. The gardens are beautiful and resplendent with wonderful birds, squirrels, fish and lizards. It really seems to be a peaceful and natural spot. The rooms were up to standard in a 5* hotel, we had a big balcony and views over the gardens. The fruit bowl was replenished daily with lovely tropical friuts and complimentary water. The rooms were cleaned twice a day and towels replaced reguarly. Yes, the bathrooms are a little old and the toilet position a bit strange but clean and useable. The air-con was a little hot for us even on the lowest setting. We had a top floor room and never heard any noise from other rooms or guests. Everything we asked for in our booking was provided - connecting and non smoking rooms. We greatly enjoyed the Recency Club, with free daily tea and coffee and nibbles and cocktails from 5-7pm. The service in the club was wonderful and the ambience relaxing. Our boys enjoyed the food there and the drinks. The other restaurants in the hotel were good, we enjoyed the spectacular breakfasat buffet at the Wantilan Cafe, the Italian resturant and the Wednesday buffet evening meal with a traditional Balinese dance performance. The dance was very impressive! The restaurants outside are of course cheaper but beware the ones that use MSG in quantity in their cooking! The exception was the excellent Italian Restaurant 5 mins walk left as you turn out of the hotel. This served great food, at a good cost with no MSG - watch out for the impressive range of ice creams at the stand at the entrance. Our only slight gripe about the restaurants in the hotel (and the Italian up the road) were the small non-smoking areas. Being non-smokers we found the hotel and Bali in general had very few areas for non-smokers to enjoy fresh air. The Wantilan Cafe smoking tables were far better situated than the non-smoking tables and the hotel seemed to have loads of smoking guests when we were there. The hotel had good facilities, including the fabulous swimming pool areas and beach. We also enjoyed the badminton court and the bikes - cycling along the beach path was enjoyable and easy. Its a shame that the hotel imposes small charges on facilities, many other 5* hotels provide these for free. Try to get to the Waterbom park at Kuta (go by taxi) if you have children, they will love the water slides and book yourself a pagoda for the day to relax in with shade. We also enjoyed a tour to Lembongan island with Bali Hai tours and a look at the area around Ubud. We will certainly reurn to Bali, there is so much to do, but next time we will be sure to bring US DOLLARS as well as Rupiah as so much is charged in US $ and the exchange rate is much better at home than in Bali.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ziutka
<Content>Harsh beginning We ordered transport from Denpasar's airport to the hotel through their website. There was additional $8 charge for the service even though most of cheaper hotels with less * usually provide it free of charge. Well, it is not a lot of money, but it gives very bad impression. The impression became even worse when we realised that nobody was there to pick us up. We took a regular taxi to the hotel and asked them at the counter what had happened. The senior (?) manager told us that we were suppose to arrive in an earlier flight and presented a paper with a note for their drivers. We had a printed confirmation with all the flight data, verifying that we informed them about our actual arrival. So, it was obvious someone made a mistake on their side. The man several times repeated he has to check it first and because it was already around 2:00 am, he suggested us to check in and contact them the following day. Nobody even said sorry and despite the fact we had a proof of the hotel's error, they insisted us to contact them. Of course we voiced out and told the man that they should contact us to clarify the whole thing, not the other way. I also asked him how it is possible that nobody even apologised - and there was no reaction other then a smile and nod of the head. It took them two days before they were able to verbalize the apology, moreover it was quite strained...One thing they did correct was to offer us the transport back to the airport for free. Despite this harsh startup I have to tell that overall service was good there. All the people smiling, efficient, quick and patient room service, courteous waiters etc. The whole hotel is old and requires renovation. Being honest I think it is a little bit overpriced for such relatively low quality. We had the King Ocean View room and the bathroom tiles were terrible (old, not really clean), bathtub quite rusty, everything very used, slightly too loud aircondition, tv volume control not working at times etc. The breakfast at Regency Club was rather chaste (nice ambience though), but the one in Wantilan Restaurant offered really good choices with a mixture of local and continental food. Speaking/writing about the food... We ate one dinner in Pizza Ria and one more in the BBQ bar before we decided to go outside the hotel for the following evenings looking for better options. The appetizers were good in both places, big sized :) and tasty. The main courses were not satysfying, frankly speaking. Average, as it happens quite often in a hotels. We really liked the surroundings, gardens etc. of the hotel, including adorable squirrels.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Montza
<Content>Really relaxing place, great facilities, perfect for families We stayed at the Bali Hyatt in October 2007 for 7 nights. We had a Ocean King Room and in our package was the usual breakfast inclusion. It was the end of Ramadan so Bali was BUSY BUSY BUSY with domestic and international tourists. We normally stay in Legian or Seminyak and were a little apprehensive at first about staying in Sanur, but not spoilt for choice given we planned our trip on short-notice - away we went.As with a lot of flights into Bali, we arrived very late in the evening and were very impressed with the check-in facilities even at 1am, our room was ready as expected and we set off to the room with a hotel staffer. The Hyatt is set over 3 large 'blocks' or units. They are each built around lovely gardens and room entries are from the centre of the block enabling the rooms to look out over either the beach / resort or gardens.The room was a little tired, we've read other reviews on TripAdvisor before about the hotel being Tired so we thought best to try and define what we mean by this. The bathrooms have not been updated since new, they were gorgeous in design and represented the quality of fittings when they were built, but could do with a few modern touches. The bed, whilst comfortable, was clearly due for replacement - it was an older spring style mattress, the room could have done with a paint job too. Of our experience, our room was the only thing we were not entirely satisfied with.The hotel facilities are amazing. Absolutely sensational. The breakfast is served in a traditional open air dining room. Being a large hotel, it is a very large facility. Guests had a choice to have breakfast in the main dining area or alternatively at a more boutique terrace style setting just neighboring the main area. The buffet was amazing with a true global array of breakfasts including local South East Asian, Japanese, American and European. Certainly suggest not sleeping in, although where most hotels are 'to the minute' strict on breakfast, we were running late a number of mornings and there was never a question asked.The pool is stunning. It is quite picturesque with gorgeous stone structures of Indonesian cultural symbols. With overhead trees dropping Frangipanis into the pool it was really a special setting. Plenty of space with lap swimming as well as a just relaxing in the pool. There was also a hot tub / jacuzzi and cold plunge which provided a great break from the normal pool. Guests can use banana lounges either around the pool or throughout the grass area that fronts onto the beach, you can also get a lounge with umbrella on the beach, although a late breakfast meant we missed out on those most days.We went running, jet skiing, snorkeling, bike riding, glass bottom boat as our activities through the hotel. Suprisingly activities booked through the hotel were reasonably priced vs. the hawkers operating outside the resort - if you didn't want to bargain and haggle you were not getting ripped off through the hotel - quite refreshing actually!Running was a clear highlight and made a pleasure from the hotels beach-front location. There is a great track along the Sanur beach-front which was perfect for running. I managed to get out each morning for a jog before it got too hot (generally before 9am). If you're keen to combine exercise with your holiday and not just laze around all day, you'll enjoy this aspect.We dined at the poolside restaurant one night, which was enjoyable, but being Bali regulars we went to our regular restaurants and some new ones including La Lucciola in Seminyak, Teras in Legian and of course Cafe Melasti at Jimbaran Bay. We found a very nice Italian restaurant in Sanur about 5 minutes walk from the hotel, the name slips my mind for now, apologies, there look to be a lot of great restaurants in the main Sanur 'shopping' area - get out and about.Finally, we went as a couple, however there were a number of families there. The kids looked to have an absolute ball, there were lots of kids activities and the staff looked to genuinely know what they were doing. We never heard kids crying poolside once - refreshing, but says something about how enjoyable it must have been for them (not to mention mum and dad!).  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Oshanda
<Content>Fit like an old shoe Comfortable rooms, great service and facilities but due for a freshen up.I spent 9 days in Bali with my wife and two boys for a wedding and stayed the whole time at the Bali Hyatt. We all enjoyed it and I recommend it to others.We had adjoining rooms with a garden view. The rooms were comfortable and clean with tiled floors.The bathrooms were a bit small - if you are a tall person you might actually find it difficult getting on and off the toilet (see the photos from other visitors on this site).Our package included breakfast for the whole stay. The food was great quality and plentiful. I highly recommend the fresh made waffles.We also ate at the Italian restaurant 'Pizza Ria. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food there. Other than breakfast we didn't eat in the hotel much as the food is much cheaper, and generally more interesting at the local restaurants.The staff were all very pleasant and the service was great.Our only disappointment was the laundry service - they did not really get our clothes clean.If you have kids keep an eye out for the wild life. There are native squirrels in the trees and lots of frogs of all sizes. There are also insects of all sizes in the gardens - we never saw any in our room.Yes, as others have said is that that hotel is showing its age a bit . It just looks old. But we were very happy and comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ChrisfromPerth
<Content>Love the Bali Hyatt I absolutely loved it - the 3rd time I've stayed at the Bali Hyatt. I have read some reviews that are critical of the hotel needing updating and yes, not everything is as perfect as you'd find in a 5 star city hotel. The climate takes its toll and things fall apart faster than you might expect. Yes, it's humid (blame the tropics). The woodwork could do with refinishing. Some of the tiles look a bit jaded, especially outdoors. But my rooms were very clean and well serviced, the bathrooms were scrubbed on a daily basis. What you'll find at the Bali Hyatt are: marvelous public facilities, friendly service, great food and drinks, wonderful pools, clean well-serviced rooms, glorious tropical gardens. We were treated like royalty (probably because we're repeat customers). If you join the Regency Club those facilities are also excellent (essentially breakfasts, complimentary tea/coffee all day and cocktails/canapes each evening in a private luxury setting). Very child-friendly and even my kids were made to feel special. I'm planning to return.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TatianaIgor
<Content>dissapointment... To start with the hotel was advertised as ****+ which is nearly 5 star hotel...In reality it was not like that at all1. The rooms are the major problem from the very first day we moved in - bathrooms were never got cleaned, yellow limescale was everywhere. They do come in 2 times a day to make up your bed so it kind of looks like they tidy up...2. Airconditioner is either blowing with freezing air or not at all, there is no temperature control whatsoever thats how old it is. 3.Beds are damp and are really uncomfortable, pillows are to thick and high which gives neck pain. Iterior is so old that everything feels a bit filthy.4. There are a few bars which serve drinks while you are by the pool BUT it takes ages for them to make a simple drink, prices are high and on top of that the cocktails are rubbish!5. Garderns around the hotel are nice but no one really spends their time in the gardens, do they :)6.Since we came in dec-jan which is a rainy season, Sanur area seemed a bit too isolated, very quiet and all those taxi drivers offering you their servises were sooooo annoying by the end of our holiday , we liked Kuta area a lot more for any age group really. It just has more places to eat, drink, relax or/and have fun.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catz21
<Content>Way behind the Competition! We stayed at 4 (4 and 5 star) hotels whilst in Bali and as a Hyatt Gold Passport Holder we found it not just lacking against Bali standards it was lacking against the Hyatt service standards as well. Not only is the hotel screaming to be renovated it was the small things that continuously let in downWe actually treated ourselves at the Hyatt and opted for a Suite over the New Year Period and although in its day I am sure it was a splender it is has never been updated. The walls still had the original cement render pattern that was very popular way back when and floor tiling not only in the bathroom but in the entire suite was crying to be regrouted. The 3 mouse traps of a cardboard square, oil and dried fish (dont worry they where checked daily!) was of great amusement and to be honest if we hadnt prepaid we would have checked out and found elsewhere. I have to say there definitely was no damp smell within the suite and the aircon worked well - however I can see how it could be an issue as there was a strong damp smell when walking through certain areas of the hotel.Within 3 hours of check-in we had a strange phonecall from a local with a made up story about having already driven for us at the airport on the 24th of Dec (quite suspicious as considering we arrived on the 19th and had transport through the Intercontinental) asking if his services where needed (again??). He had our full names and room number and after a little bit of research I am sure our details had been passed out from a Hyatt staff member. The Irony of this is that we had suits made from a well known and reputable tailor in which the Hyatt not only refused to put their phonecall through they also failed to pass on the message!!! The Regency club staff where great and pre-dinner drinks in the club was a casual but lovely affair, breakfast itself in the club is good however the first morning order was taken and forgotten - genuine mistake and forgiven however this set the pattern of those little things building up to becoming a genuine complaint.The Pizza Ria was great and ended up eating there 3 times however they did mess up the order and gave my pizza to another table in which I had to wait an extra 15 minutes whilst my partner was eating his, the other visits in the restaurant where an extra ingredient was requested was also never followed through. The main breakfast area had a great buffet with chefs on hand to cook eggs to your liking, take note though make sure someone stays at the table at all times because you will lose it. In the space of popping up to grab a pastry (another coffee was on order) our table was being cleaned for reseating (3 people cleaning with people waiting to be sat down). As you can see the little things are starting to build up.We had room service which arrived promptly and hot however the requested side condiments did not arrive at all - forgivable ....... absolutely as it does happen and normally wouldn't even suffice a mention in any review however due to the constant mishap it definitely landed on the radar with us this time.Even Check out wasn't a smooth affair, With the pattern of mistakes occurring and now our distrust of Bali Hyatts attention to detail we decided to request a itemised bill early to ensure that it was correct, and Yep you guessed it ..............there where charges on the bill that had came from another room. Once the Hyatt staff requested the invoice copies from Room Service the mistake was acknowledged and rectified ( the process did take just under 45 minutes though). Overall though we loved Sanur and will seek to stay in the area again - Just not at the Hyatt!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>C-RonSanFrancisco
<Content>Didn't like the Bali Hyatt I had high hopes for the Bali Hyatt since it's highlighted in several books for its uniquely Balinese landscaping, but I was very disappointed in the place, especially in comparison to the other comparable places we stayed in Bali. Here's what I disliked: 1. The rooms were very dated, from the yellowing tub to the past-their-prime tiles. 2. Our non-smoking room smelled like smoke. 3. The pools were really crowded. 4. They had trouble patching phone calls to our room so we couldn't connect with our friends. 5. They charge crazy prices for amenties, drinks, food and anything extra they can squeeze out of you - they charged me $6 for 30 minutes of internet use, which is just rediculous! 6. The staff is not very helpful, and they foist their expensive car service on you when you ask them to call you a taxi (which is like 3 times more expensive than a taxi - you have to specifically ask for, and insist on, a metered taxi if you want one. They won't even give you the option of one, which is lame.)We had rooms of similar price at the Conrad in Nusa Dua and Sofitel in Seminyak, but those rooms were way more spacious, everything was updated and/or new, the resorts were a lot less crowded, they had nice amenities (such as feather beds and comforters) and the staff was way more attentive and helpful, and those resorts never nickled and dimed us like the Bali Hyatt did. Compared to the other places we stayed, the Bali Hyatt was a huge disappointment.There were tons of families there, so maybe it's a good place for people travelling with kids, but for people searching for a peaceful and plush Bali getaway or a great deal, this isn't it.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>TommyCork
<Content>Lovely Traditional Hotel This is a lovely tradidional hotel. Our welcome was very nice, traditional necklace of flowers and a well needed cool tropical drink. The staff here are excellent, always extremely friendly, pleasant and smiley. Choice of food isnt great but there is a wide choice of some very nice restaurants well within walking distance of the hotel.Location wise is only ok, there are some souvenir shops within walking distance but apart from that there is not much. We took a taxi ride for about $20 to Kuta which is a main shopping town, great for branded bargains such as Quiksilver and Reef, all genuine brands.Private beach is very nice, isnt great for swimming. Pools in the hotel are lovely so no need for swimming in the sea. There are 2 main pools along with a heated jacuzzi and pool bar. There is plenty of sun loungers and space for sun bathing.Spa is also very nice here, great value.This hotel is suited for all ages and families, atmosphere is relaxed as you would expect in Bali :)  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Kipperman
<Content>Beautiful Bali Hyatt We stayed in the Bali Hyatt in Sanur as part of our honeymoon. In all honesty, we could not have picked a more beautiful, idylic and friendly place, both in terms of Bali itself and the Bali Hyatt.We were treated so well and met by friendliness from the word go. The Bali Hyatt just exudes tropical charm. It is very open plan and sits in these huge gardens of lily ponds and palm trees. The rooms are lovely, and all open out onto a balcony area - a room lookign out towards the sea in then something of a bonus. The bathrooms were a little on the small side but they were perfectly adequate.The staff were all extremely friendly and courteous, as with all Balinese people. You were made to feel so welcome. Breakfast was an amazing experience - it took place beside the gardens and lily ponds and was a vast array of everything you could possibly wish for in a buffet!The two swimming pools were amazing and a delight to lazily swim and relax in. As previously mentioned, one was green and one blue and they were both great.The hotel is located on the edge of the little charming village of Sanur, and it is a short pleasant stroll into the village to chose your dining options each evening.All in all, a fantastic location to completely relax in wonderful suroundings. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Badini71
<Content>Fabulous hotel with a remarable garden! My wife and I returned from a week stay yesterday and we both thought the hotel was wonderful! I am in a wheelchair and did not leave the hotel during that week and I was not bored or in anyway tired of the surroundings.Several years ago we stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua and we feel that this Sanur hotel is superior even though the Grand is supposed to be better. Although much smaller, the Bali Hyatt has the most remarkable gardens and to be able to have breakfast or dinner sitting at the edge of a lush, tropical garden with giant Koi quietly swimming under water lillies was a wonderfully magical moment.There was nothing negative about my handicapped room; it had none of the musty problems mentioned by other commentators even though the Bali weather seemed particularly humid. The Balinese staff were brilliantly understated and attentive and Diane and I anticipate a return visit annually. I recommend the hotel in the highest manner to any potential guests.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tsmits
<Content>Healt Hazard This Hyatt is way outdated. We were offered 6(!) different Deluxe and Regency Club rooms, but they all had the same damp problem and were therefor equipped with dehumidifiers(!) The rooms smell musty, de sheets are moist. We had booked in advance for 3 nights but because this health hazard we checked out the next morning.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bakesey
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic We stayed at the Bali Hyatt end of September and it was absolutely magical!The hotel feels totally original (not like the huge corporate hotels in Nusa Dua) and has its own soul.From the moment you arrive at the Hyatt you know that you've made the right choice.The gardens are magnificent and the Koi lakes amazing.Both swimming pools looked gorgeous and clean but, to be honest we spent every day on the beach - no shortage of beach loungers and you are kept cool by the sea breezes.After a huge breakfast every morning - made to order eggs, bacon sausage etc together with delicious pastries, do nuts and waffles, we skipped lunch most days.Even though the food in the hotel is I'm sure lovely (only ate in on the first night!) walk into Sanur town (left or right) and you can eat in a different place EVERY night for 2 weeks. Chicken Satay  Nasi Goreng particular favourites of mind. Try the many Indian restaurants as well as they are very good. Budget for about 拢5 for 2 people including beers - yes, it really us that cheap!!Take an empty suitcase with you as gifts and souvenirs are SOOO cheap you won't have any problems filling the case!The Balinese shopkeepers love bartering and you can usually get goods for about 50% of the starting price.For you smokers out there, 200 cigarettes cost about 拢3.50!!!A wonderful place, we will definately go back to the Bali Hyatt in Sanur.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laplanche
<Content>Magnificent hotel Bali Hyatt is a magnificent Hotel. I visited 66 luxurious 5-starhotels in the world. Bali Hyatt is one of the best...Of course some of the rooms can support some renovation.Some parts have had their best time but you haveeverything you need and more...It's a beautiful hotel that has its own soul, a very nice andestethic atmosphere. The gardens are gorgeous,there isa nice bar, beautiful restaurants, 2 swimming pools(the green one is maybe the nicest I have ever seen).People that talk about damps and insects in the rooms don't know whatthey are talking about. In a tropical countrythis is normal. The moment you put on your airconditioningdambs disappear.Staff are extremely friendly and respond to all your demands.The situation of the complexe is perfect in the centre of Sanurbut far from the noice.I was nearly 3 weeks in the hotel and go back within 6 months.I only can recommand the hotel to everybody that likesestheticly perfect implanted hotels with a great service.J.Laplanche, Brussels  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sammc
<Content>Rooms let it down, but lovely overall We had a lovely two weeks in Bali and stayed at the Hyatt. We wanted a relaxing escape for two weeks and that's what we got. When I arrived after over 20 hours travelling I was a bit disappointed. They left us hanging around a bit to be shown to our rooms. And the room was dated - terracotta tiles which reminded me of a spanish apartment and dated furniture. The bathroom was particularly outdated. BUT we ended up having a great time in the Bali Hyatt.The pools are lovely and the sunbeds, towels etc are very nice. The staff were good and unlike some Asian hotels I've stayed in didn't seem to expect tips all the time. There is a service charge on everything anyway.The food was great and while more expensive than outside the hotel, it was pretty good value. They make their own bread in the hotel and it was great. Really enjoyed the lunches there but opted to go elsewhere in the evenings.The gardens are great. Staff were very attentive to our room. The sheets were crisp and clean, the bed was huge and comfortable and the air conditioning worked well. There was a great selection of TV channels too.We did have a cockroach problem in the bathroom (they were small cockroaches thankfully) and the hotel dealt quickly with this.In my view the rooms are 3 star, the complex is 4 star, the food and service close to 5 star. So overall it gets away with its four star rating.It's best point is its location. Lots of bars and restaurants around. and we didn't want to be stuck in a hotel for two weeks. If you're looking for a very luxurious hotel, this mightn't be for you, but its a good standard and very pleasant place to stay in  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Londoner-Couple
<Content>Highly recommended A breakdown:the rooms - 3starthe lobby and grounds - 4starthe staff - 5starOverall - 4star.This hotel is great. Went for a 1 week stay and loved it. There's 3 towns most tourist stay in - Nusa Dua, Kuta or Sanur. Nusa Dua is a huge complex made up of lots of 4  5 star hotels. It is all very new, but every hotel is virtually identical. Its a very standardised, americanised area where you don't get a feel of the real Bali. It is worth noting that the beaches here are terrible compared to Kuta or Sanur. However, the hotels are stunning and that is what you pay for. Kuta on the other hand is a slightly low class affair. While the beach is definitely better than Nusa Dua, the town itself is populated with tourists all looking for fake designer labels which lends it a rather low rent feel. The Bali Hyatt is based in Sanur. This is definitely the quietest tourist area, with much cheaper restaurants in the local area, and also a more relaxed feel. We were impressed when we arrived, but rather less so with the rooms. We stayed in a standard room, and although adequate, I imagine the hotels in Nusa Dua would blow these rooms away. Having said that, you shouldn't go to Bali and spend all day in your room anyway. The start of the day commences with fabulous buffet in the Wantilan Cafe, where everything from made-to-order omellettes, to fresh fruits, to traditonal indonesian breakfast items (noodles etc). Then you chill out by the pools or beach. The pools at this hotel were good but the ones at the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua are amazing.Finally, the staff at the Bali Hyatt deserve mention. I would say 90% of the staff greet you as you walk past them. It really is that friendly. When we visited the hotels in Nusa Dua, I would say less than 10% of the staff greeted us. And there in a nutshell is why you go to the Balu Hyatt. It may not be as new as Nusa Dua but the beach and service is better, and the only things Kuta offers is a better beach(i.e. more waves) though much,much, much more crowded beach and a wealth of fake-designer stores.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CroftonWakefield
<Content>Unbelievable!! Paradise - What else do you need. We have just returned from a 7 day stay at the hotel. It is pure paradise.Yes the hotel may not be up to date compared to say the Grand Hyatt which we visited, but, it has a very special feeling about it.We stayed in a Regency Club room which was great and a little more upto date than a standard room.The room was immaculately clean and room service attended twice a day to change towels and turn down the bed.All the staff were very pleasant and helped with any problems.The gardens, swimming pool and beach were all to hand and were spotless (they even raked the sand on the beach!!).The hotel is in a superb loacation with restaurants and shops right next to the hotel (turn left out of the gates for better restaurants). The restaurants outside are very cheap (fillet steak meal 拢3 and gorgeous. Beer and shorts are cheap and wine is expensive). The hotel meals were very good and slightly more expensive but still cheap compared to UK.We recommend a visit to Kuta for some shopping (taxi fare no more than 拢4 for the 20 minute journey, prepare to barter with the taxis outside the hotel). Kuta has some amazing bargains for very good copy designer goods. My Wife was in heaven. Make sure you leave some space in your case because everything is soo soo cheap!!! Be prepared to half what ever they want for any goods you buy. They expect you to barter so shop around first to get an idea for prices.We did a free trip to the Grand Hyatt at Nusa Dua and felt it was a little too modern for our tastes. The Bali Hyatt was more laid back and friendly. Already booked for next year!!! Can't wait...  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MJC1975
<Content>Best hotel ever! I have just come back from my honeymoon and frankly reading some of the reviews I wonder if they stayed in the same hotel!!From the moment we arrived the staff were attentive, kind friendly and really made you feel at home. The staff in the resort centre knew our names by the end of the first week and would always wish us good morning when we walked past for breakfast!!The grounds are nothing short of spectacular. I commented that it reminded me of Disneyland as everything was perfect, clean and tidy.The room we had was really good, with a sea view. No sign of damp or any mustyness mentioned in other reviews. We had fresh water about 3 times a day and it was cleaned a coupe of times as well!The restaurants are first class and very reasonable for a resort. Ok not as cheap as outside but still not bad at all and the food is wonderful.I would recommend this hotel to anyone  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ervingara
<Content>Not the real Bali This hotel is old and needs major renovation. If you want to see the real Bali, don't go here, but if you want a Western setting where you can venture out to the real Bali and then come back to the Western comforts, then you might like this place. It's crammed with Westerners  tour groups from Asia, by the way.The good:-Beautiful gardens, excellent breakfast, friendly staff, private beach with no hawkers  great lounge chairs, excellent location, reef off of beach makes the waters very good for swimming at high tide.The bad:-Insect infestation in the bathrooms, room smelled musty and nothing really quite dried, ridiculously high fees for things like use of tennis, badminton courts, western prices at hotel bar  restaurants  shops, no interaction with the real Balinese people, internet access is dodgy but works ok.Personally, I will never go back here, but after spending just half a day in Kuta (which is very busy) and on Kuta beach (which has like 1 person a minute trying to sell you something), I came to appreciate that one can really escape Bali at the Bali Hyatt!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	2	4	3	1	

<Author>metalstein
<Content>Not one more time I have stayed at Bali Hyatt 4 times (including last time), I simply have to say, it is a almost 3 star hotel (the stars are for the setting), and they have simply lost it. Form 30 min after i arrived, I felt it was wrong. I stayed for the first time at Bali Hyatt at their Regency Club, I arrived from the Club at Intercontinental - that was spotless picture perfect, it was like a 100$ more pr night, but if you like adervertice your service, as they do their website - they should deliver the product.The staff seem to have lost it, they have always been smiling and service minded, but when after 3 hrs still no Internet in my room (was there for work purposes), you get asked to call their incompetent provider, and when checked out, was even charged for calling the switchboard, and get transfered to some call center outside the hotel - welcome to regency club. The food presentation (on went for it one time in 4 day's), not to speak of wine, that should never have been sered.It i nice playground for children, but unless you travel with active kids, you get a much better experience for the same money other places in Bali.The best would properly be to close it down - refurbish the hotel - perhaps change the management.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Babsicle
<Content>Loved it! We went to the Bali Hyatt, Sanur for our honeymoon, (end Sept - early Oct '07) and absolutely loved it.The staff couldn't do enough for us and seemed genuinely friendly, especially a couple of the bar staff who really made our holiday memorable.The room was clean and very comfortable and the grounds were just stunning. Having been cabin crew for 8 years i've been lucky enough to stay in some nice hotels, but the Bali Hyatt tops the lot.Can't recommend it enough.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HeidiFleming
<Content>Memorable Hotel What can I say...pure paradise with Balinese charm!! We absolutly love Bali and we would definitly return to The Bali Hyatt. The grounds are just magical and there is a serene atmosphere throughout the hotel. We stayed in a Regency Club room and it was worth that little bit extra. Regency Club opened from 5 till 7 in the evenings where you can enjoy complimetary food and drinks in a wonderful setting. Our room was nice and as said in other reviews the bathroom could do with refurbishment. The pools are fabulous and beach is spotless. We walked the lenght of the beach of Sanur and the hyatt had in our opinion the best grounds, beach and pools of all the hotels.If you're thinking of going to Bali then consider the hyatt.Also, if you're looking for a driver I can highly recommend Dean, you can get his details in the forums.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Jengle
<Content>Paradise! We enjoyed 9 nights of pure relaxation at the Hyatt following on from a hectic 4 nights in Singapore. The hotel is quite simply paradise! We stayed in a garden view room in the Hibiscus block - an ideal location as close to all of the amenities but still quiet at night. The hotel grounds are absolutely beautiful with two swimming pools that are fantastic for a dip to cool down. We spent much of our time relaxing on the beach as we found that there was a lovely breeze that helped with the heat! The staff can not do enough for you - I have stayed in many hotels around the world with work and can honestly say that I have never experienced service as good in any other hotel!All in all I thoroughly recommend this hotel and hope to return in the very near future!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>monkees2
<Content>great holiday stayed at the bali hyatt for eight nights great hotel ,beautiful gronds breakfast in the regency club just perfect ,could not wish for a better place to have a meal  room nice ,bathroom a little out dated ,good view room the room looking over the gronds ,and able to see the sea between the trees staff could not do enough for you  if ever went back to bali would stay there again  hyatt well placed to go out for a meal /drink ,found better resturanants by turning left coming out of the main enterance  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jewster
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Couldn't Fault It!       Pool Bar  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BethSingapore
<Content>Great hotel in Bali! I have stayed at the Hyatt Bali with my husband and three kids for 4 days and we all loved it! The hotel has a good choice of restaurants and a good breakfast. My kids loved the 2 swimming pools and the beach. The ambiance of the hotel is excellent. It seemed like paradise! We all wished we had stayed longer!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The1stMrsT
<Content>Beautiful Bali Hyatt The Bali Hyatt in Sanur was a beautiful hotel with friendly helpful staff and picturesque gardens and pools. I would not hesitate to recommend it to others if they wanted a relaxing enjoyable week by the sea. You can't swim in the sea due to the tide and the seaweed but you can swim in the pools and still walk along the beach. The piano bar was lovely in the evenings and there weren't many kids disturbing the peace and quiet - it was bliss. We stayed at the Grand Bali Hyatt for our second week in Nusa Dua and this was also fabulous - the accomodation was definitely a step up and the hotel a lot bigger with more pools and better beach where you could swim in the sea but more touristy, more expensive and with more kids. Each to their own - we had a great honeymoon staying at both!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ringraider
<Content>Fantastic hotel! I have just returned from 9 nights at the Hyatt and wish I was still there!This is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in, in terms of how much I enjoyed my stay - I travel regularly for work and often stay in well-rated and expensive hotels, albeit usually in cities rather than resorts.It would be impossible to run an operation like this in the West. The time and care thast goes into everything is incredible - people are continually clearing up, sweeping sand off the path, clearing up leaves from the gardens, etc. Take a wander up the beach beyond the hotel and it will dawn on you that the beach isn't like that the whole way up; rather, it is immaculately maintained by the hotel staff. Hence, if you stay elsewhere in Sanur you will probably have a much less nice bit of beach in front of your hotel or villa.We stayed in an Ocean View room in Bougainvillea Court, the nearest of the 3 blocks to the sea. It was nice to have the view but all rooms have balconies or terraces and the gardens are so beautiful that the Garden View rooms are no doubt very pleasant too. The hotel was built in the early seventies, since which time hotel design has probably moved on a bit, but the rooms are large and pleasant with a bit of character from the Balinese furniture. I also liked the bathroom - not brand new in gleaming marble but quite attractive.The bed was massive and very comfortable, with quality bed linen that is changed very frequently. The minibar prices were pretty reasonable and for a change we made quite a bit of use of it.The hotel restaurants are good - in particular the fish from the Omang Grill. The Chinese restaurant is also excellent, an open-sided pavillion in a lily pond that serves more interesting food than the usual sweet and sour, beef in black bean sauce etc. Both are expensive compared to restaurants in the village but it is only relative; the proces are styill pretty cheap by European and in particular UK prices, especially for the setting and quality.Breakfast is served in the Wantilan Cafe - this is modelled on the temple meeting halls of the same name and is a large, open-sided timber building with a grass roof. It was wonderful to have your breakfast in the sun, alongside the ponds, overlooking the beautiful gardens. There is a full range of food available, from fresh fruits, good breads, pastries and yoghurts to Asian choices (looked nice enough but not for breakfast, thanks) to a Fatty Counter for the Anglo/Saxon contingent (US, UK, German), serving eggs, bacon, waffles etc.We made use of the spa one afternoon, not cheap in local terms but pretty good value compared to the UK and again you would not find something with a comparable setting - beautiful private villas for the treatments with gardern showers, pools etc.The best thing about the hotel, though, is probably the gardens, which really are amazing. They surround the hotel and make the areas around the pools very attractive, as well as providing a bit of shade. They also soften or hide the hotel buildings quite effectively; time has not been too kind to the 1970s concrete and whilst the inside of the hotel is all very nice the concrete has deteriorated quite a bit on the outside. This would look desperate if the hotel were in somewhere like Greece or Spain, where it is drier and the vegtation usually a bit more sparse, but here you don't really notice as the buildings melt into the trees.A word should also be said about the staff, who are a real credit to the hotel. They are unfailingly helpful and friendly.For recommendations outside the hotel:Turning right out of the gate and walking up Jalan Danau Tamblingan, try LUMUT on the left for dinner. This is a beatiful restaurant on top of a shop and gallery. Very stlyish Balinese decor and great presentation. Slightly more expensive than aomwe of the lowest common denominator tourist places but a cut above (and still very reasonable).CAFE BATUJIMBAR is a very stylish cafe on the right, great for coffee (try the Balinese rather than the Lavazza) and lunch, and has a good deli attached.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Snookystraveltips
<Content>best hotel in sanur       gardens  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JandGCoppull_Lancs
<Content>Heaven on earth We stayed at the hyatt as part of a twin centre holiday which was amazing. First we visited buzzing Hong Kong which was fab but not really a holiday as just so much to see and do, so we were ready to relax when we got to Bali.The hotel is beautiful we had booked a sea view room which was well worth it the view was breathtaking. The gardens in the hotel are also beautiful.Staff pleasant and helpful, we stayed bed and breakfast (breakfast excellent lots of choice) BB is all you need, if you wish to sample the local restaurants and experience some of the culture.My partner loves diving so he went diving which he booked over there with a lady called Camilla at a loal diving school. She was great involved me aswell and I was just a spectator on the boat! who did a litlle snorkelling which was fab!The best trip we did whilst we were there was the Elephant Safari if your going you must do this but becareful make sure you go to the original park as there are two parks, the original one was opened by a man who rescue's elephants from Sumatra and brings elephant keepers with them who really do care for the elephants. This one is a good hour away but you pass all the beautiful rice fields which look like green waterfalls on the way and you see the volcano in the distance too plus you get to see some of the local villages. Apparently somebody has tried to copy this park and opened another one which is not meant to be as good.Jimbaran bay is the best place to go and watch the sunset lots ofseafood restaurants on the beach and you can choose your fish and have it freshly cooked to order. Even worth a try if your not seafood lovers we didn't think we would like it but it was delicious and the setting very romantic! (Red Snapper, Tiger Prawns, Clams, Rice, Salad, Sauces 拢8 in total and enough food really for 4 people and there were only two of us). Jimbaran bay is about 20mins away in a taxi but make sure you book a taxi to pick you up we didn't and ended up getting a lift back with a local man! Luckily he was nice and didn't rip us off but not really recommended!In Sanur there are lots of nice places to eat, Lazar bar for good steaks, Cat  Fiddle was a good irish pub also serves good food, but we never had a bad meal anywhere and itsjust embarassingly cheap. 3 courses for 2 people plus 3 rounds of drinks averaged at about 拢25 - 拢30.You must have a balinese massage whilst your there the hotel spa is excellent.Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anna333
<Content>go for it!! Don't hesitate, book it. Indeed some reviews were not so inviting so I thought twice about booking the Bali Hyatt. We stayed 10 days and really loved our stay there as someone said already any negatives at Bali Hyatt are vastly outweighed by the positives. Our room was not damp, the bathroom has its charm. The hotel was open in the seventies I read somewhere, but it has so much character. We arrived at night and were overwhelmed by the charm of the hotel garden, the subtle lighting.The pools, the breakfast were a delight. Sanur is lovely too compared to Nusa Dua where there is nothing to see. Nusa Dua looked like a luxury prison for tourists, It doesn't give you the Balinese feel at all as opposed to Sanur. We explored the rest of the island with a hired car and a driver, cheap and more convenient than bus tours.I would go back in the morning, it was a very special holiday and the Bali Hyatt contributed to that. It is true that you will have to say good morning a few times on the way to breakfast but everyone looks so sincere, you won't mind at all. They make a lot of efforts to make your stay a special one. We received a voucher to use on our last night, a free dinner accompanied by a traditional dance. A nice touch.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKxxxx
<Content>Hyatt Family Delight We normally don鈥檛 write reviews, but because the hotel and restaurant are so good we have been compelled to pen a review.We have just come back from a 10 night stay in the Bali Hyatt in Sanur and had a great time. For us as a family it was the perfect choice, as we like a good hotel on the beach, but with easy walking to shops and restaurants. The hotel had a lovely Balinese feel with a great welcome and a relaxed atmosphere. The reception and Wantilian restaurant were wall-less buildings with cool breezes for ventilation, making it feel less like one of those sterile Western glossy hotels. The staff, and in fact all the Balinese people, were very helpful and friendly. The best bit for us was the room and rate we had. We booked direct over the internet and got a family package. This included:a) 2 rooms adjacent rooms connected by a front porch door. This was really useful as a shoes and bucket area, as well as the security to keep an eye on the kids. We asked for an Ocean view room and both rooms had balconies and great sea views. Ours was a huge double bed, and the kids were 2 singles.b) The air conditioning in the rooms worked well and we noticed there was a dehumidifier in the room. This must have been to address comments made by others regarding mustiness, but to be honest, what do you expect in the tropics.c) Breakfast was included. It was buffet style with fruit, bread, cakes, Indonesian dishes, waffles, pancakes, and omelettes cooked to order. A great start to the day.d) A voucher for 1 day during the holiday for both kids to go to their kids club, Camp Sanur.e) And the price? 1,545,775 Rupiah per night for 2 rooms, including the tax. As the quote was in US Dollars, and the pound was strong, this worked out at about 85 GB Pounds per night for the 2 rooms. The other facilities were good too. Tennis, including cheap lessons, on 2 clay courts. There was also a badminton court and a single hole pitch and putt which was free. The 2 table tennis tables were free but busy.In the current climate we have to mention security. All the Balinese we met were Hindu and they really don鈥檛 understand what the Terrorists are trying to achieve. We were slightly concerned before we went out, but these fears were unfounded. We did take sensible precautions with our day trips by getting cars with a driver and guide organised by the hotel. It may have been slightly more but at 45,000 Rupiah for the whole day to where ever you want to go, it is only about 25 GBP. The hotel also has security guards at the gate and on both sides of the beach, which meant you did not get hassled by hawkers!There is a free shuttle to its sister hotel in Nusa Dua. This was nice for a different day as it had bigger pools and a small water slide for the kids, but not the same character. Nusa Dua was a complex of hotels, with a shops and restaurants a long way away.One of the main things we like doing on our holidays is walking and trying out different restaurants each night. Well we found such a great restaurant on day one we kept going back (we did try a couple of others but this was clearly the best). It was the Coriander Restaurant and Bar, 188 Jalan Danau Tamblingan. You turn right outside the hotel and is a 5 minutes walk. The food quality was good, service fast, wide choice and a cheap price. We got welcomed each night with free complimentary cocktail shorts, fried peanuts to nibble on, and a nice fresh piece each of garlic bread. The menu had Western, Italian, Chinese food and local Indonesian favourites. The kids said the fish and chips were the best they ever had, the spaghetti carbonara was lovely and the portions were large. The Indonesian favourites, all very good, were only 1 to 2 GBP! I pushed the boat out one night and had chilli crabs for about 4 GBP! They also do great cocktails. The Pina Colada came in a hollowed out pineapple. So do go to the CORIANDER Restaurant and Bar! We have to mention our daughter Charlotte for picking it. She liked the look of the fresh fish and prawns on display. Charles, Sandy, Charlotte (aged 8) and James (aged 6)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anouk24
<Content>lovely hotel Just returned from a 10 day stay at the Bali Hyatt. We've had a wonderful stay there. The rooms are a little dated, but are still very comfortabel and clean. Our balcony had a great view over the hotel garden, which is magnificent. Breakfast is very good. The level of service is excellent and everyone is so friendly. I miss the Bali Hyatt already and would return in a heartbeat.Anouk  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OctoFish
<Content>Great honeymoon       Sunset from the Regency Club Lounge  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GeordieLass19
<Content>A very relaxing stay We stayed at Bali Hyatt for 10 nights during a 3 week tour of the Far East. I was a bit concerned after reading some of the negative reviews but glad we chose this hotel. As our room was not ready for us, we were shown to another room and told we could use all the amenities until our room was ready. We eventually went to our allocated Ocean View room which did smell very damp/fusty. I followed the advice of one Tripadviser member and left the wardrobe door ajar when we were in the room to give the aircon unit a chance to dissipate the smell. The tip worked and the smell soon disappeared. We repeated this tip every time we returned to the room and it was not a problem. There were certainly no effects of dampness in the room which was serviced twice a day and left spotless. The bathroom was very dated and rather small, but was spotless and had its own character. The hotel has 3 blocks of rooms and our room was the furthest away from the amenities, but this gave us the perfect chance to say good morning/evening/night about 10 times per journey to the very friendly staff. The beach, however, was reached within a minute. A lovely beach, the staff work very hard to clear it of any seaweed and other stuff that the tide brings in with it once a day. The gardens are magnificent and the two pools very inviting. The pool with the pool bar is very cold - be warned!! Breakfasts were a veritable banquet and the staff very pleasant and attentive. We ate breakfast at the hotel, skipped lunch (breakfast saw us through to the evening) and ate our evening meals in Sanur. Loads of restaurants to choose from and all extremely cheap. Food was very tasty and service excellent. Sanur was very quiet (some call it S'nore) but it suited us down to the ground.We hired a driver/guide and took three full day trips around Bali. We chose to avoid overly touristy places and, in an effort to avoid hawkers, asked to see quieter alternatives. The drive to the central mountain region/rice terraces/temples was very beautiful. We also saw Mounts Agung and Gunung, temples and palaces, and drove to the Eastern parts of Bali. There is so much to see and do you are spoiled for choice, but do some research first so that you can choose what you want to do. In summary, any negatives at Bali Hyatt are vastly outweighed by the positives. The rooms are spotless, the staff extremely helpful and friendly and the breakfasts superb. The pools are excellent, the beach relaxing and the gardens magnificent. We would certainly stay at Bali Hyatt again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annahelena
<Content>Bali Hyatt - we loved it Me and my boyfriend together with friends (2 adults + 2children) spent 10days in Bali this June , 6 nights at Bali Hyatt and 4 nights at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and we were very pleased.I would say rooms at Bali Hyatt (we stayed in the ordinary oceanviewrooms, our friends had 2 rooms with a connecting door ) are good 4 star standard, nicely furnished, a good-size balcony but the bathrooms even though charming in a way are a bit dated BUT the servicelevel and the friendliness of the staff was the very best ! There was lots of staff, when having breakfast for example there was always someone close by to pick-up the empty plate or to bring extra coffee or whatever you required. Always a smile and questions about how you were doing etc. They really made us feel at home from day1.The beach is nice BUT there is lots of seaweed in the water which makes it difficult to swim at low tide. The hotel has 2 pools, both very nice.Apart from breakfast we had just one lunch and one dinner at the hotel. The food and service was excellent but a bit expensive. There is a good choice of restaurants and shops in the Sanur area and if You want to go somewhere else fo shopping  food Kuta is only about 30 minutes away and transportation is easy to find and cheap - we paid about IDR70.000 one-way for a big car (room enough for the 6 of us).One night we went to Jimbaran for seafood; food was excellent and it was a lovely experience to sit directly on the beach and have dinner. The smoke from the restaurants was a bit annoying however. All and all we were very happy with our stay at the Bali Hyatt, Sanur and if I come back I would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>POKAIMOANA
<Content>Magical Hyatt We have just returned from our holiday at the Bali Hyatt and it was a holiday to remember. It started off with us arriving at the Bali Hyatt gates welcomed by two security guards doing a routined check of the vehicle because of the bombing that had happened. At first I thought that it was a bit intimidating but than understood and appreciated their reasons to keep their guests safe.As the routine ended we then proceeded towards the entrance way of the Hyatt and was welcomed with another warm greeting from the young ladies at the entrance and then got 'laid' (they put over us a lei made out of the flower fragipani, which is a very beautiful smell). Our luggage was taken from our vehicle and we were taken to the foyer. In the foyer we were greeted with two men playing a welcoming song on the Balinese instruments. So straight away we felt like we were in a very magical resort with out even seeing the whole of the resort. With the music playing we proceeded towards the reception. The young lady showed us our seats and we were given a nice cold pineapple and coconut drink served in an actual pineapple with ice and a cold face cloth to cool us down with. All this has happened with out us even checking in yet. Allowing us to drink our drinks and cool down a bit after an eleven hour plane ride the receptionist came and greeted us and checked us in.The staff are very friendly, well spoken and helpful. I had brought with me from home a few electrical appliances, camera, video camera cell phones etc... and the first adapter that was given to me didn't seem to work properly, so I rang the reception and he had a gentelman come to our room to see if he could help me out. He couldn't succeed so he rang an electrician. The electrician was there in a flash and fixed the problem. The staff there go that extra mile to please the customer which made our holiday even better.We stayed in the ocean view room and reading a few of the reviews on this site I feel that the people who say that the rooms are not to their standards must be a very high maintenance type of people and have to remember that you are in Bali, not Hawaii or Rarotonga where the economy there is higher than Bali. You can't tell me you went there because of the sun and surf, you went there because Bali is an affordable island we you get more than your monies worth.The Bali Hyatt is a very beautiful resort to stay at, and my partner and I are already planning a re-visit back there.Cheers guys,Me.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarrieMaple
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We have recently come back from Bali after spending 12 nights here and 2 nights in Ubud for our Honeymoon. Hotel is set within beautiful grounds and right on the beach. Hotel amenities are excellent and staff are very friendly and very helpful. Sanur is very quiet or was when we visited I think much of this is still due to the decline in tourism following the bombings, however I cannot stress enough how you must visit and also eat outside in other restaurants, food is terribly cheap and very good outside the hotel and you are also giving something back to the community. Lots of shops also. We had an ocean view room and it was very nice, no damp smells and cleaned and tidied every day. Breakfast is a colossal spread and well worth including before you go if you can. We also visitied Kuta but I was glad we were staying away from that side of the island it was nice for a visit and had a nice beach.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tbone44
<Content>Solid hotel for cheap Sanur isn't the best part of Bali, but we stayed at the Hyatt for the first few nights of our vacation. We payed 110 a night(not including the 21%), but the Hyatt is perfect for relaxing at the great pools and beach. My wife got the best massage she got out of all the massages during our trip here. It's clean, safe, and the people are nice!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Dierregi
<Content>Magic , relaxed atmosphere I stayed for the first time at the Bali Hyatt in May 2007, and I very much hope I will go back some days. This was my first trip to Bali, so I read a billion hotel reviews on this site, before chosing the Hyatt. My husband and I were a bit concerned about the negative ones, but we decided to give it a try.On the minus side: the beach is not great, due to the tide. That's it. Everything else we loved. It is indeed a rather old building and the bathrooms really look straight out of the 70's (the garish tiles, the fittings...), however, there is plenty of storage space for toiletries (I always carry a ton) and everything works fine.As far as the dampness mentioned by somebody is concerned, in case you did not notice Bali is a tropical country, subject to hot and humid weather. If you don't like hot and humid, stay in Europe, or wherever you come from. We did not have any dampness-related problem of any kind, our sheets were dry and clean and the room did not have any nasty smell of any kind.The restaurants offer a great variety of good food, the gardens are just fantastic and the pools are great. The green pool is faboulous exactly because it does not have the usual, boring, cold, aseptic blue tiles of most pools. The water is perfectly clean and the colour is due to the material used to build the pool, not to any dirt or mud floating around.The staff is fantastic, very helpful an friendly and the spa is an unmissable experience. You also have the chance to visit the newer Hyatt in Nusa Dua, thanks to the free shuttle service provided. It is a question of personal taste, but if you prefer aseptic and fake minimalistic, you will probably go for the Nusa Dua hotel.The other great advantage of the Bali Hyatt is that it is situated close to shopping and restaurants, so you don't feel like you're prisoner in a golden, tourist cage. The only reason I am not rating this hotel a 5, is because of the bathrooms, otherwise, everything else was just about perfect. Final word: last year we spent our holiday in an all-inclusive, five star Riu hotel in Cabo San Lucas. It was a brand new building, in a semi-desertic environment (dry heat), but we had a lot more problems than in Bali (sewage smell, bad food, staff not so helpful, etc...). So, I decided to rule out forever all-inclusive and go for something different.In the end, it is a matter of taste and of what you are looking for. If you want a magic atmosphere, good service, and stylish surroundings, then this hotel is perfect.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Spider245
<Content>Relaxation Central We stayed at this hotel for four days at the end of the holiday, and it was my favourite region to stay in for relaxation - much quieter and friendlier than the hustle bustle of Kuta.The room was lovely, nicely decorated, clean and spacious. We stayed in a garden view room, and as the gardens are so extensive at the hotel, saw a lot more wildlife here than at other places.The pools at this hotel are lovely and the food was topnotch, and it's a big bonus that it is on the beach. Staff were always very helpful and we got a great welcome when we checked in. Out of all of the hotels we stayed at, this one probably had the best facilities, such as tour operator, business internet, broadband in the room, post office, spa, shops, everything you can think of really. If we had wanted, we would never have had to leave the hotel for anything!Generally a great all rounder, and worth every penny.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BecSte
<Content>Tropical paradise.          The wedding ceremony.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Degas
<Content>Living in the past... We first stayed here some 20 years ago and liked it so much we returned 5 years later. So going back after a 15 year gap and after reading the range of reviews I did have some concerns.One of the main plus items on the original trips were the gardens and if anything they have got better and better - if you are a tropical plant fan - you can spend hours just wondering around the grounds.I can't remember any issues with the rooms first time round - but had booked a regency club room to add a little luxury as we are a lot older and fussier then we used to be...... we were disappointed with the room - fittings a little faded, but the main problem was the size- its been a while since I have seen such a small room. As this was a special trip for us we managed to negotiate an upgrade to a great suite for a reasonable extra payment. It was a case of ridiculous to sublime with regards to size as the new suite (?Legong Suite) was a two floor monster with internal staircase and massive walk in wardrobe / bathroom. It also had enormous outside balconies on both floors - with an external shower as well. Too much really - but what the hell! The actual Regency clubroom is in a balinese style open pavillion and is great - complementary breakfast and evening cocktails with daily papers downloaded from the internet. Service through out the hotel was good - apart from one scary lady at the Spa reception.We had several spa sessions and found both the ambiance of the open treatment rooms and the quality of the treatments excellent.Its difficult to sum up overall impressions - the hotel has obviously seen better days - and has been eclipsed by the newer and plusher late comers- but it still has charm and the surroundings and staff make it a good and relaxing way to spend time by the sea in Sanur.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GCWL
<Content>Loved the peace and quiet there!       Standard Room - Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>John67-7
<Content>Love/Hate  The Bali Hyatt is one of our favourite relaxation holiday destinations in the region. Although there are many newer and better appointed places in Bali, the Sanur Hyatt oozes a kind of charm and relaxed atmosphere that's hard to find elsewhere. The hotel itself is not up today's standards, even if it was award winning in its day, but what it lacks in space, modern amenities, chrome and marble it more than makes up for in design character, privacy and peace by being surrounded by an outstanding mature tropical garden and a private beach. The staff are very friendly and will do almost anything for you (small tips go a very long way here). The Regency Club offers good value and is well worth the small price premium. The real downside is the age of the hotel: in truth the place needs renovating with some rooms now being damp (our room had a separate dehumidifier which more than took care of the problem - I'd strongly recommend you are supplied with one of these if you stay). The food is good with Pizza Ria serving surprisingly accomplished Italian food by the beach.I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are travelling for business, want nightlife or high degrees of luxury but I believe you will enjoy this hotel if you are seeking a relaxing, quiet and peaceful break and/or are over gleaming edifices and infinity pools. The overall experience is like staying in a small Balinese village with air-con, a gym and room service. It's so relaxing.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	3	5	1	

<Author>billymusty
<Content>Bali Hyatt Sanur, Getting around , tour Guides After returning from Bali I wish to inform visitors to this island of my excellent holiday.We stayed at the Bali hyatt in Sanur , this is one of the best hotels we have stayed in . The room was a little small but not a problem . There are 2 superb pools and the gardens are lovely to explore.Getting around the island was a great expierience , we hired tour driver who looked after our needs for the whole 2 weeks (bali explore tours) their websire is --. Our guide was called Dewa and he took us to all the places you need to see.Bali is a wonderful place and we look forward to our next visit this year...  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hancockabroad
<Content>romantic holiday for our 25th anniversary Hotel entrance lovely with a welcoming ceremony in Balanise room fantastic and lovely view. Whole complex very high standard and everyone speaks to you, every morning. Breakfast out of this world, dinner not as good but ok. Beach fantastic but sun sets overtop of hotel quite early. Plenty of weddings on the beach but the sun had gone down over the hotel so not too romantic. Everone can watch as well. Not what I would choose for a beach wedding. Not many places to eat outside the hotel. Only one decent restaurant turn right out of hotel walk 5-10 mins on your right. Every one goes there. We had a lovely holiday in this hotel. Rest of bali was a disappointment.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blackfenboy
<Content>Love hate relationship I have stayed at this hotel 5 times over several years. We go to Bali nearly every year and spend two or three days at the Hyatt Sanur to get our bearings and settle into the place. In many respects this hotel is a shocker, but I kind of like it regardless. The lobby is spectacular. The gardens are great. The staff are - for the most part - very friendly and responsive, but often have no idea what you are saying and get requests mixed up. Breakfast was thrown in with our package and so we ate up big (and it is generous and quite good)but went elsewhere for other meals.Rooms are dated, damp and pretty miserable, and only just make acceptable grade. They have improved the Internet service in the basement room below the foyer (which I complained about in a previous post), but have trebled the price. So, I used an Internet cafe - an annoying 10 minute walk away. Before leaving Australia, I sent the hotel two emails seeking information about Internet and other matters, but clearly they got confused. The first response didn't make sense and I didn't get any reply to my second missive. Perhaps I should not care, but they had no idea that I had stayed there before and that my wife had stayed there many more times than me. However, despite everything, the Hyatt Sanur still has a certain charm and appeal. It is actually very difficult to explain, but I suspect some people who have stayed there a few times will know what I mean. And it's good value for money.A lot of people used to Hyatt standards elsewhere, particularly corporates, will be very disappointed by this hotel. The more laid-back traveller will find some goodness and appeal, especially as it is - as I said - pretty good value for money and well situated.Overall, however, I would downgrade this hotel 1/2 point on my previous visit 15 months ago. Incidentally the new -ish security at the hotel entrance- post Bali bombings is ridiculous and superficial compared with some of the other hotels we checked out where the security was, by comparison, real and efficient.Will I stay there again? That's a hard one. I feel like punishing them after some of their dopey behaviour this time round. But , like smoking, it is a bit of weird habit which is hard to shake off.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>gmw2
<Content>Beautiful!! We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for 4 nights which wasn't long enough!! The hotel is set in beautiful grounds. It is deceptively big tho you don't notice unless you walk around. There are 2 pools, with plenty of sun loungers in full sun or shaded areas. Breakfast is lovely with plenty to choose from so its definately worth going bed and breakfast. There are a few other restaurants on site which are a bit pricey but the food is nice. The only slight downside was the dampness in the rooms. We had read about this from other trip advisors so weren't too surprised. There was a dehumidifer in the room but it filled up quickly. As long as it was emptied the damp smell didn't appear. But it wasn't a major issue. The beds are enormous and very comfortable. Our room had a garden view. We were able to sit on the balcony in the evening and listen to mellow jazz from the piano bar. Very civilised!! There are restaurants not far from the hotel serving a wide variety of food at very good prices. Not as nice as the Hyatt but ok! We also found an extremely reasonable laundrette close to the hotel that did a massive load of washing for around 拢3. There isn't alot in Sanur except tourist shops all selling the same thing! You really need to barter for things and they follow you around like your shadow but we got the impression business was really slow so they want a sale!Overall, The Hyatt was lovely, we will definately be back, next time for a lot longer. Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>truckeruk
<Content>never a 4*+ hotel booked this hotel through trailfinders in the uk where it was advertised as 4*plus. this is definitely NOT the case !!!The hotel is more like your average 3* med hotel - dated, rooms that smell of damp and bathrooms straight out of the 70's. we asked to be moved as ours has a chipped bath, blood on the wall from what appeared to be a swatted mossie, pillows wet with damp, this damp seeped into everything. Give them their due, upon complaining we were swiftly seen by the general manager and his assistant, who arranged to move, in fact, upgrade us to a better room, offered a free meal (will get to the reason for that in a sec) and joint spa treatment (sheer heaven...) and without any arguement. Going back to the reason for the free feed - well, one of us is veggie, the other omnivore - one of the reasons for choosing this hotel was the fact that it offered no less than 5 restaurants of varying cuisines. Oh goody, no prob with food then...but aarrgh!! On our first night there were only 3 open, none of which had any veggie fare. Guests were expected tp take up the 'cultural evening' offer, ie, the usual abysmal show and buffet slop (again no veggie ). We ended up traipsing forlornly back to our damp, mossie splattered room where we sadly ordered room service. This was why we had the free meal one of the following evenings. On the plus side, the staff are wonderful, the grounds are superb and the spa is fantastic. However, one of the pools resembled a pond - all green (yes, green) and murkey) and a good clean wouldnt have gone amiss. The beach is not the greatest...when the tide is out you can walk out for about half a mile and you will still have the water lapping around your ankles, okay, calves if you are very tall, seaweedy and not great for swimming at any time. In fact, we rarely saw anyone in the sea. If you are looking for a quiet break, not fussy about your room, and like the smell of damp then this is the ideal place.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	5	-1	

<Author>jeica8
<Content>Amazing~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ i stayed at this hotel twice. when i was starting my travel and after i was done with it, before going back to my country.but jus lovely!!they will give u that flower necklace, wet towel, cold welcome teaupon arrival, and u don't even have to check in at the front desk.u just sit there and enjoy while the front desk associate come to you...the room was just lovely lovely.. i was very lucky to getone of the best standard room.. it was only $72 a nightbut i had two private balconies with tanning beds.probably because i'm a hyatt member but ask for room 3312..if possible. they had a welcome letter with my name on it, fruit basket, 2 bottles of complimentry water in the room and i had free coffe and hot chocolate room service in the morning for free.front desk associate, bell men, and everyone was so nice.i use to work at marriott but i don't think i have ever been that niceto anyone. --,-++the pool was nice also. grand hyatt's pool is better but if you want to go to the ocean.. bali hyatt one is better.no one will bother you at all. you can definately have a quality timei took hotel taxi to denpasar and it was only $8 which was very reasonable compare to blue bird taxi.. since the hotel taxi waswayy bigger and better.the internet in the hotel is really expensive tho.. $6 for 30minand the store is expensivebut brand hotels are always expensive..i didn't think it was too bad since i already been to a very nice hotel and they charged a glass of milk for $9.check out was fast and i liked how they deal with security.many hotels will just give you the room key or just ask the name on the account but they actually told me to sign again andlooked up if it matched or not..i was relived to see this.ooh it's getting long.. but anniewayz.. it was very VERY nice..plus very cheap ($72 a night) for all the facilities and service they hav offeredplus there r free shuttle buses to grand bali hyatt in nusa dua..it's nice to go there for a day.. but i don't think i would actually stay there. it's a bigger, nicer hotel but there was just too many japanese.. over 50%.. i actually asked the bellmen.. he said that it was because grand bali has a contract witha big japanes travel agency.. i'm an asian myself but it was just too much see that many asians in the pool, lobby, etc. i didn't feel like i was in bali.. it just felt like being in a resort in japan.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AWandCG
<Content>Great gardens, and damp rooms Absolutely beautiful gardens, lovely pool area. Food in Indonesian restaurant very poor, really don't recommend you eat there. Room had a very musty smell and was damp. Bathroom small and disappointing. In summary a hotel with beautiful exterior let down by sub-standard rooms.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TheMaccas
<Content>Fantastic holiday in paradise! Just got back from the most amazing time ever in beatiful Bali. We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for a total of 11 nights. The only bad thing to say that it was not long enough and we really didn't want to come home! A lot of the reviews we read before we booked referred to the hotel as a bit dated. Having stayed at and experienced some of the best hotels in the world, there was simply nothing bad at all about this hotel. Our room was very spacious with a lovely marble bathroom complete with bath and seperate shower. We had a garden room which had a lovely view and was very private. The staff were amazing, so friendly and always has a smile on their face. From manager to cleaner to maintenance guy, everyone took time to greet you and say helo every time they passed you in the hotel. All the facilities were excellent. The pools were very clean, most of the time quiet and very exotic. The gardens were so lush and the lobby and main bar area very relaxing. Food was delicious and although a meal tended to be less expensive in one of the many restaurants in the town, it was still very reasonably priced (evening meal for 2 with a bottle of wine in hotel cost aprox 拢25). We also had time to try the spa facilities which were top class and once again very reasonably priced. Sanur town is aprox 30 mins from the airport and will cost about 拢4.50 in a metred taxi so don't bother with a transfer if you want to save more money. There were plenty of good restaurants and bars along the main strip in Sanur, with Cafe Jepun and The Village being particularly excellent. If you are thinking of hiring a car then ensure you take an international driving licence as we were refused a tourist licence by the police, but be prepared as driving in Bali is among the craziest we've ever come accross, with hardly any road signs just to make it even more difficult. We hired a driver in the end which cost us 拢20 for ten hours driving anywhere you like! All in all, bali was excellent and if you want a little piece of paradise where everyone has a smile on their face then look no further.Ciaran  Vicki (Reading)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Davey83
<Content>Bali Hyatt - Could be anywhere in the world On arrival at the hotel the staff were very friendly. However, the hotel lacks any sense of Balinese culture and any traveller coming from Europe will find they have travelled a long way to be somewhere that they could have found very much nearer home. Despite travelling in october there were lots of children at the hotel, and the Bali Hyatt is by no means a relaxing option. I am glad I was not on a honeymoon or I would have been very disppointed. Many people writing seem to have stayed in the Regency rooms, which are indeed very much more private, but you pay for that privalege and unless you do that I would not recommend this hotel.One thing that got extremely noticable with the Bali Hyatt was the prices charged by the hotel. Most drinks were over 5 times as much as you could pay if you walked down the road to a local shop, and the essence of this hotel is money money money, virtually nothing is included. Even taxi prices get hiked up for the privalege of them ordering it for you. Bali hyatt prices were very similar to that of UK hotels, a far cry from what you read in the guide books.Despite this it is a nice hotel with lovely gardens, it is just not somewhere that I would advise any European jet setter to go to, bear in mind this hotel is catering for Australian's who see Bali as the UK sees the Spanish Costa's. There are beautiful hotels nearby that appear to retain far more Balinese culture than the Bali Hyatt, which has none.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>MindK
<Content>Lovely resort, disappointing rooms This was our first time in Bali and overall, the Bali Hyatt is a lovely hotel with fantastic facilities. However, when we were show to our room, it was very disappointing, the room was small, pokey, depressing, smelled of damp and we found a dead cockroach the following morning. This problem was sorted out very swiftly by Housekeeping.Generally, we had a very pleasant stay, the pools and jaccuzi were very nice, the beach was a little dirty at times.I'd be hesitant to reccommend it to others and wouldn't go back myself.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	1	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>flyboylee
<Content>Bali Hyatt - not true Bali Having spent the first part of our trip in Ubud, we found the Hyatt in Sanur to lack so much of what Bali is really about and what it has to offer..Really, we could have been in a beach hotel anywhere in the world. If you are looking for the true Balinese escape, this probably isnt the hotel for you - its huge and inpersonal, however, the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are indifferent and the views not great unless you pay for them.The beach is lovely, but you cant swim in the sea, watersports are on offer but you need to be early while the tide is in!!One thing we did find about the hotel, and suppose it should be expected, prices were so much higher than what you would pay in the towns - and you pay for everything - no such thing as courtesy! Even down to booking a taxi - we found this a little frustrating and felt that principly it was wrong.One last point - the hotel is not exclusive to adults, if you are on a romantic gettaway or honeymoon, expect to have loads of kids splashing around in the pools...There is better places to stay would be my conclusion  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Henkybaby
<Content>Very good, but not great I have stayed in many hotels in Sanur. I like Sanur. It is a perfect place to relax outside of the hustle and bustle of Bali. A nice street with lots of hotels and good restaurants. Previous holidays I choose the Puri and Griya Santrian. The first because of the reviews, the second because of the price and location.This time the Hyatt. I remembered it was in the middle of Sanur, so you could easily walk to either side of the town. It's about a 5 to 10 minute walk either way. Nothing is really happening directly outside of the hotel. The hotel has 2 swimming pools, but neither really felt fantastic. The grounds are very large and well kept. Pool area is nice with only a few deck chair battles. Plenty of sun, plenty of shade. The pool bar and restaurant are great and the food and drinks are recommended. At night the main restaurant is not particulary cosy. The food is great, but for a romantic dinner, flee elsewhere. Breakfast deserves a special mention. Probably the best I have had on all my travels. Impressive. If only they would just serve the tea and coffee a little quicker. But truly a great start of the day!!The rooms are good. I had a garden view room (you only spent the night in your room, so a sea view doesn't contribute anything in my belief) which is fine. Nice large bed, nice bathroom (in need of some small maintenance), nice balcony and a TV with lots of channels (also English). Great Internet services at a whopping $12,50 a day (or less if you only check your mail), which is expensive to Balines standards. I use whopping with a smile however. Great value for a fast wireless connection.Staff and service were great. I really need to mention the Spa. A real spa where they give you a real facial, not just a couple of masks and a massage. No: they got the works. It is prices in dollars and a facial is $65. Again, expensive for Bali, but worth it. All in all a nice experience, but not great because the overall feel of the hotel grounds (pool area especially) did not impress. maybe I expected something like the Grand Bali Hyatt... I would recommend this hotel for a stay in Sanur, closely followed by the Puri Santrian, which looses on business services and the fact they have no TV with satellite channels (I travel alone and every once in a while I like my TV).  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>persson28
<Content>Typical Package Tour Hotel Hyatt Bali is your typical package holiday hotel. It is not personal, it is not exclusive, it is not luxurious , but it is pleasant and satisfactory. There are no personal touches and you are just one of the hundred guests that come and go. That said it is value for money and has beautiful gardens. The rooms are old fashioned and our air conditioning only managed to cool the room slightly. The staff are generally nice, but as far as I have seen that is a valid statement for most Balinese people who are remarkably gratious. We stayed in Kajane Mua in Ubud prior to Hyatt and the level of service was incomparable. Kajane Mua tried everything possible to make our stay a memorable one and they did. Can't say the same for Hyatt.Hyatt is good as it is affordable and pleasant. As long as you are not looking for exclusive service...  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>YaseminOkur
<Content>Your Money Is Worth More Than This In Asia!!! A POOR EXPERIENCEYasemin Okur, SingaporeI travel a lot in Asia for both business and leisure purposes and I work in the service sector to count myself as a seasoned traveller to make the following comments on Bali Hyatt.This is my first ever attempt to write a review in Tripadvisor. The reason of this attempt is that I believe this hotel is overrated and I would like to provide a perspective.This has been the most disappointing stay I had so far in Asia.I do mention Asia , because wherever you go in Asia (especially if you are a westerner), you will be amazed by the quality of service and the beautyluxury of resorts anyway.Here is a quick list why I will never stay in this hotel again:1- The rooms are worn out. They must be sometime from 80's, have not gone under a major renovation ever since. A serious implication of this is the humidity inside the room.2- There is a serious hygiene problem inside the hotel, especially in the common toilets. I had two extremely disappointing experiences, just in 3 days. In the first one, I had to find out myself that all of the toilets by the poolside was blocked. As the hotel staff did not bother to put a notice at the entry, it took me 3 closets with disgusting scenes in each to realize this.Not finished. How can a toilet be filthy at 7.30 am in the morning? The toilets in the main lobby, although it was morning, was not clean at all, the baskets were full of toilet papers, floors were dirty. Smth more like a public toilet in a city center.3- Breakfast is very average, for which hotel charges a surprising 15USD/person. IT IS NOT WORTH IT!!! The variety of food is quite limited, the service is slow due to limited number of staff. Most of the time you end up waiting for a table. The ambience, if you can manage to grab the limited 5 tables by the garden, is OK, otherwise, it is chlostrophobic and dark.4- Pool is not clean. You end up swimming with unknown objects (though some you recognize, such as human saliva) in the smaller pool.Rooms, cleanliness, food and pool. These are for me the key drivers of my hotel choice and the Bali Hyatt scores poorly in each.There are some minor points also such as the inconveniently located amenities, charging for the bikes (most resorts don't expect to profit from this minor service), etc...If this is your first experience in Asia, you may end up rating the hotel more than it deserves.Otherwise, the hotel well deserves a poor rating. I strongly recommend visiting another resort.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>TourGuideBarbie2
<Content>..I miss it already!!!! We arrived in Bali having flown via Kualar Lumpur. It was a long flight but if you fly with a good airline they do all they can to make it bearable!We were supposed to go to Bali for our honeymoon but could not due to the close timing of the incident in Kuta. However, I was kind of glad we didn't as we had the most incredible trip in the end, which I doubt nowhere could match....However, Bali is an amzaing place, inexpensive, safe, friendly, beautiful, but the hotel was albeit very nice and the gardens superb. I found the rooms to be a little old particularilly the bathroom! However, this was in some way made up by having a room with a balcony over the regency lounge where live balineese music would be played in the evening..magical! The pools were lovely, but felt due to the surrounding trees and flowers the 'green' pool could have been cleaned more often throughout the day. The overall design of the gardens and pool were wonderful, and the beach (at high tide) is lovely, but low tide is not a post card pitcure. Although you can see the most sacred mountain from the beach. when the tide is out you can walk out into the weeds and see the largest star fish I have ever seen...up to 30cm in diameter! There did not appear to be anything nasty in the seaweed, but would suggest wearing rubber shoes if you want to go out far!!!The hyatt had a lovely reception, greeting you with flowers, music and a cold drink. The breakfast buffet was great and we looked forward to the fresh fruit and pastries daily. However, the price of food and drink in the hotel was outrageous. We did not eat once there for dinner. There are so many very nice restaraunts in Sanur. Recommend Ming  The Village I was amazed that these restaraunts managed to produce western food to a high standards, but of course their own cuisine was excellent too, but sometines you get a little fed up with the hot stuff. The fish in and around Bali is the best, exquisitte and would also recomment The Wantillian on the beach, walk along the beach path (left out ot the hyatt) anfd you will find tables on the sand, live music and the fish caught that day on the menu.....lovely.We did not explore enough of Bali, and do want to return. I would go back to the Hyatt as sanur has a good balance in terms of tourists etc...the Hyatt is supposed to be the best hotel in Sanur and we certaily did not see any other to question that. Taxis are very cheap...you have 2 kinds one is a van with bench seats which are very cheap, but would only use those to go up and down Sanur. Otherwise the taxis are good and also inexpensive we went to Kuta 3 or 4 times at a cost of 40,000 rupiah (about 拢2.50) each way.Bali is safe enough to travel around without a guide, the people are so spiritually guided they dare not commit crime nor offend anyone, quite a change from most places in the world. Avoid going with the fixed tour agent tour, unless you are prepared to only be taken to pre-arranged shops etc where pricres are far higher (due to intro commissions etc)Bali is fabulous and have never felt so much at peace, and this is down to the kindness of it's people...you must go! the temples are like nothing I have ever seen......I have got to go back and explore the west!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>MrJohn1
<Content>Honeymoon with the personal touch       Sunrise from the balcony  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mdkate1657
<Content>Great facilities disappointing rooms We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for 7 nights as part of a three week honeymoon in Singapore and Bali. The welcome we received was great with a cool drink and flower garland. Our initial impression of the hotel was good.We loved the facilities this hotel had - great pools, restaurants, gardens, service etc. These are all more recent additions to the hotel. This hotel has one big failing which you can not get away from - the bedrooms!When we were shown the bedroom we were deeply disappointed, they were certainly not the standard we were expecting from a four star Hyatt hotel.The accommodation blocks are outdated 1970's concrete or nuclear bunkers as my husband referred to them. Much as they are attempted to be disguised by greenery, they are still visible.The bedrooms and small, cramped, smelt of damp with dark dingy bathrooms. We asked to move from our beach view room - so far away from the beach, the sea was barely visible. We had booked a Regency room but this certainly was not one. We were moved to a garden view Regency room which was slightly better. The bathroom was lighter and more airy but the bedroom itself even smaller as part of it had been taken up by the larger bathroom. It was still not what we would expect from a 4* Hyatt hotel.Bedrooms aside we really enjoyed our stay. Breakfast was good. We ate meals both at the hotel, very good quality and reasonably priced, and outside the hotel. Local restaurants were very good quality and very cheap. Would I recommend this hotel? I don't know! Aside from the rooms this hotel was great. I don't know what could be done to improve the rooms as even if modernised they would still be small. My advice - go to Sanur, great restaurants, bars etc BUT find a hotel with better bedrooms, especially if it is your honeymoon, as these do not have that special touch we had at our hotels to make your honeymoon that bit more special and memorable.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>gimjam
<Content>anniversary heaven my wife and i have just returned from an eight night stay at the bali hyatt .The trip was to celebrate our twentieth wedding annivrsary and it was absolutely fantastic. We stayed in a Regency club room which entitles you to continental breakfast in the club lounge and complimentary drinks (alcoholic and non alcoholic cocktails) between 5pm and 7pm, tea and coffee is available free all day. The hotel is set in the most amazing gardens and all the staff from reception right through to the gardeners are polite and they make you feel special and extremly welcome.We never noticed any smell in our room a problem that some say they have experienced. Although the beach is a lovely place to relax its not really a swimmers beach as it is protected by a coral reef and is tidal, the two combining to make the water only really deep enough for a bathe.The four restaurants offered good and varied menus but for a true taste of bali you should venture out of the hotel to one of the local restaurants where the food was not only better but nearly half the price. All in all it was a tremendous way to spend our anniversary and we look forward to returning to bali and the bali hyatt in the very near future.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>therobster
<Content>Best service in Asia My wife and I went on our honeymoon to Bali and stayed both at the Bali Hyatt and the Bali Ritz-Carlton. The Hyatt was fantastic, the Ritz-Carlton terrible. Upon arrival at the Bali Hyatt you are greeted by genuinely friendly staff. They come across as 'real people' rather than people who have just been trained to cater to you - and this means you get the friendliest, most efficient service I've experienced almost anywhere throughout your stay. The hotel itself is set in a huge garden that contains a great variety of plants (and birds! we were surprised by an owl coming straight at us on the first night :) fortunately it was more scared of us than we were of it). The architecture is 70s concrete - but it is covered by vines and plants which softens it immensely, so you feel much more like you're in a garden than a hotel. Rooms can feel a bit damp if you don't have your air-conditioning on - but there's little reason not to.There are 4 or so restaurants at the hotel, all of which served great food. We're pretty fussy about our food, which doesn't mean we expect haute cuisine at every meal, just insist on getting the basics right. So if you order a steak sandwich at the poolside, it should come pretty quickly and be tender steak, served with a genuine smile, right? Right. At the Bali Hyatt they do this kind of thing naturally. At the Ritz, we found out this kind of stuff was beyond them, and at twice the price. Go figure.We were due to spend 5 days at the Hyatt, then 5 days at the Ritz. After staying at the Ritz for one night we couldn't stand it any longer and went straight back to the Hyatt. We loved it.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pingguo146
<Content>Great Hotel - Bad Rooms       Gardens  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	1	5	2	5	5	2	

<Author>jackieboo
<Content>Perfect holiday We arrived at the Hyatt after a total journey of approx 24 hours to be met with smiles, flower garlands, a refreshing cool drink and cool towels. They also took our photo (after that long a journey what did we look like!!!). Our ocean view Regency Club room was not quite ready so they gave us a temporary room for a couple of hours. When we did arrive in our room it was wonderful with brilliant sea views. The Regency Club was worth the extra cost, if only for the peace and tranquility it provided. It was so relaxing to have breakfast in there and complementary early evening drinks with finger foods. The staff address you by name and are so attentive without being in your face. The whole of the Bali Hyatt was beautiful. The grounds are kept immaculate and so beautiful. We ate in the Italian Restaurant next to the beach and also the restaurant next to the pool (sorry cannot remember their names), both were very good. Drinks in the Hyatt are cheaper than at home but are more expensive than out in Sanur or around Bali. The Bali Hyatt is also in a very good position in Sanur, with shops, bars and restaurants on either side of its entrance but far enough away not to cause a disturbance.Shortly after our arrival we had a jet lag massage int he hotel spa. It was quite expensive but worth every penny - we slept like babies that night. We had booked this before our arrival at the Hyatt. We hired a driver recommended by a friend and he was amazing . We went out with him for 3 full days and we saw the real Bali. He speaks perfect English and my husband and he were great mates by the end of the first day talking about rock music whilst travelling around Bali. On another day we went to the far north of Bali to see the little girl that we sponsor - what an emotional experience that was but very rewarding.Sanur is a very good place to stay. It is not as hectic as Kuta but there are still lot and lots of restaurants and bars along the main street. There is also the beach path which runs the length of Sanur, just be aware of the sellers that follow you. There are no time share touts as there are in Kuta.All in all we had a brilliant holiday and cannot wait until we can return, hope fully not in the too distant future. We would definite stay at the Bali Hyatt again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Joleamy
<Content>Would love to go back to the Bali Hyatt Spent 5 wonderful days in July at the Bali Hyatt and cannot fault anything. On our arrival we were met with iced fruit cocktails and flower garlands, with traditional music being played live in the background. The staff are all very pleasant, always ready with a smile and a greeting of Good Morning etc. The food was very good with several restaurants to choose from especially the Chinese restaurant which belongs to the hotel but is located across the road - excellent food, service and value for money. We were lucky enough to have an Ocean View room which also overlooked the beautiful gardens. The room was cleaned every morning and was checked again about 7pm to see if any towels etc were required when they turned down the bed.My stay wasn't long enough and I hope to go back to the Bali Hyatt one day!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GPoth
<Content>A Great Experience       The Bali Hyatt Hotel grounds  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prefect retreat. Both me and my girlfriend were slightly worried about this hotel after hearing one or two bad comments just before we came out to Bali. But on arrival we were greeted by lovely friendly people, drinks, flowers and the sounds of authentic bali being played in the background. This set the scene for a perfect base to go out and explore Bali, but having the pleasure of a hotel with its beautiful and peaceful surroundings as your retreat.It is a good idea to get a upgrade to the Regency Club, as the rooms are bigger and better, plus you have breakfast in the morning thrown in.We even went to the 5 Star sister hotel The Grand Bali Hyatt for the day on the free shuttle bus and was disappointed with its false, expensive and quite portentous surroundings, really don't give a true feeling of being in Bali and to be honest you could be in Spain. The only good thing is the pool !!But I would denfinely recommend the Bali Haytt  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old, but beautiful garden We stayed at Hyatt Sanur and they have a beautiful garden. The service is good, but rooms are not really state of the art. The restaurants are reasonably priced and the food is very good. If you do not expect a great room, you should definitely stay there.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overhyped and utterly disappointing. Please do not waste your money I took my parents to a 4D 3N vacation in Bali in May 2006 and we stayed in Bali Hyatt. I totally regret having chosen Bali Hyatt as our hotel for the trip. We paid exhorbitant price to stay here, only to find that nothing except the gardens was worth it.The so called garden-view rooms had a damp and old feel, the room-decor was neither traditional nor modern, the taps in the bathroom leaked, the bathrooms had awfully dingy walls painted in green and a cracked bath-tub, the metallic springs in the bed mattress hurt the back and there was no internet connection.The hotel is also too big and not designed for easy access to most frequented areas such as the main lobby, the pools and the restaurants. As a result, you have to walk excessively everytime you get out of your room. The corridors you walk thorugh are not well-lit at night and on the whole, it feels you are living in some cheap student hostel till you reach the lobby.I am usually not the complaining types but this time, I really felt cheated to realise that the hotel is simply overhyped.Choose this hotel only if you don't care about money and don't mind the feeling of having been taken for a ride.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kansas
<Content>Paradise found Our stay May 15 to 20 was great, The staff was so friendly and most of them even spoke English! The breakfast buffet was one of the best and the open air breakfast room over looking more gardens, splashing fountains and the huge swimming pool area was beautiful. The extensive lush tropical grounds were a joy to walk through. Our room was located in the Hibiscus Court and overlooked more of the garden areas. It was very roomy and the airconditioning worked fine. We ate at 2 of the restaurants on the grounds and the food was good and size portions were nice too. Our time there went too fast and I really hope to return some day.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iraqidirtchick
<Content>Rest, Relaxation        View outside our Garden Room  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly relaxing weekend in Bali We just returned from probably the most relaxing short trip we have taken in years.Our second visit to this hotel in 2 years made us realize why so many repeat visitors are seen here. This hotel is of older design and the magnificent gardens have only improved over time. The rooms are not luxurious although spacious but do offer all you need and staff are so eager to please and greet you with smiling faces at every turn. The sea view Regency Club rooms offer wonderful wake up views and breakfast at the club is a delight taken next to the lily ponds. A peaceful retreat to enjoy coffee and freshly baked danish pastries and fruit and other treats instead of the traditional buffet area.We enjoyed spa treatments by very experienced staff in outdoor style spa rooms.Bali hotels are offering competetive rates this year and the Bali Hyatt deserves more guests to enjoy this very special place. We will definitely return again soon.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hairball28
<Content>Poor Hotel The hotel was really damp and the rooms were like the floors were always wet. Our clothes smelt of damp after 2 hours of cheking in.We then asked to be moved to another room and they had a de-humidifier in the room which we emptied 4 times a day! We went at the end of March to beginning of April and was there for a day when it was Nyepi day. We werent allowed out of the hotel grounds and had to eat at the one restaurant that was open and they were charging 拢17 per person for a buffet thats not even worth 拢5.This hotel is not at all rated correctly.The staff were friendly, drinks are pricey!Laundrette down the road from the hotel, about 5 mins walk away if you want your clothes washed and ironed for you for 70% cheaper than hotel charges!Beach wasnt great, people taking dogs for a wlk on there and not cleaning up after their dogs pooping!!!Wont be going to Bali again!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mannio
<Content>Excellent Stay A group of us stayed at the Bali Hyatt in Sanur in December. The hotel was really well run and the service was excellent. I would definitely recommend the upgrade to the Regency club as you get to have breakfast in a extremely peaceful club lounge surrounded by lotus ponds and beautiful gardens. The best bit about it though are the free Gin and tonics and nibbles in the evening which are definitely a good way to start your evening. Service in the Regency club is excellent with all the staff adding a personal touch by referring to you by name. One of our group had a birthday whilst we were there and the staff made a great effort with a cake and singing Happy Birthday. They also took photos of the event and presented these 10 miutes later in Balinese style frames for us to keep. The Chinese restaurant that belongs to the hotel serves lovely food but is quite pricey. The other restaurants in the hotel were also good but there were some very nice restaurants worth trying outside of the hotel. For a cheaper alternative at lunchtime go left out of the back entrance and follow the beach round to the Stiff Chilli (about 5-8min walk) this serves great and extremely cheap authentic Italian pizzas and pastas. We visited Ubud the place famous for the Monkey forest and art galleries, We got a taxi there from Sanur and it was about 拢10 each way. You can buy large modern canvas prints from some of the galleries which are a fraction of the price of those sold in the UK. I would highly reccommend the Green House restaurant if you do take a trip to Ubud, the food was excellent as was the service. We did a day tour of the island which was interesting but we made sure we specified we did not want to stop at craft shops as this is the usual ploy of tour guides. Anyone feeling a bit more energentic that fancies trying their hand at surfing should go to the Ripcurl school of surf, the instructers were enthusiastic and very professional which made the experienc really enjoyable. The spa at the hotel is meant to be excellent but I did not try it. If you want a cheaper alternative then there are plenty of Foot and body massage places in Kuta which only cost about 拢4 for an hour. The staff were all really friendly and it is a great way to pass the time if it's raining, the girls can even get a pedicure or manicure for about 拢4 at these places. Overall I would say Sanur is a lovely place but do get out and venture to Kuta and Ubud for a change in atmosphere. The taxis are so cheap it's worth it.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pickytraveller48
<Content>22 times and we still keep going We have been to the Bali Hyatt 22 times, maybe more, and we still keep going back. It feels more like a second home than a hotel and we know all the Regency club staff and some of the guests who also keep returning! It is true that the rooms are decidely old fashioned compared to most hotels in Bali but one can have too much marble! The gardens are out of this world and the Regency Club is the only place to stay. It adds a touch of luxury to your holiday and the staff are incredibly nice. They are not servile but genuinely kind and pleased to help you in any way they can. We have stayed at many other hotels in Bali including the Four Seasons, Legian, Grand Hyatt etc but the Hyatt is the only one I want to return to time after time.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BaliDreamer
<Content>Perfect place to get engaged!       The larger pool  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chrysantha
<Content>Best service         
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Whinbrook
<Content>Mixed Bag Stayed 5 nights in the Bali Hyatt over two visits a few days apart and while a pleasant hotel it is not 5 stars as some would lead you to believe but an average 4 star with some reservations. It is true that the bedroom blocks are ugly but the public areas are authentic Balinese style, and set in beautiful immaculately kept grounds. But, being authentic (and very attractive and characterful) they are all open sided so not air conditioned. During our stay it was very warm and humid and unfortunatley using the public areas was very uncomfortable due to lack of a/c.On both stays we opted for the Regency Club which provided a nice haven (a large thatched Balinese style open area set in a very pretty water garden) to have breakfast, complimentary tea and coffee through out the day and cocktails and snacks in the early evening. However, the rooms disappointed and there appeared to be nothing to set Regency Club rooms apart from the standard rooms. Our first room was cramped and not very comfortable, especially the hard unforgiving small beds. The bathroom was quite luxurious and large in contrast but the towels thin and almost thread bare. Our second room, when we returned having been travelling was larger and had a sea view but the beds were still dreadful and this time the bathroom was in need of a make over. We did not encounter any damps smells on either visit as mentioned in previous reviews.The restaurants were good and we generally enjoyed our meals and had very good and friendly service (all the hotel staff are very pleasnat and friendly and it was a pleasure to have them around). Four of the five eating establishments were open for business but the hotel was very quiet during our stay, certainly under half full. However, while dining in the open air grill one evening a rat ran across the terrace which spoiled the occassion and several very sad looking stray dogs had found their way into the grounds and sat close to our table hoping for a scrap which was upsetting to watch. No staff made any effort to shoo the dogs away (Bali is over run with packs of stray dogs, some very sick looking).The pool area was picturesque and the beach was kept immaculate but swimming in the sea was not very pleasant as the water is very shallow at Sanur due to the off shore reef. Even when the tide was in the water barely came above calf level several hundred feet from the shore. When the tide was out people were walking on the reef itself.We found Sanur not particularly picturesque and in no way did it feel authentic as guide books like to describe, it felt run down and was dirty and infact we thought Bali failed to live up to the hype generally. But it is true the Balinese are extremely nice people, warm and friendly and the crafts available to buy all over the island are fantastic.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Coonometer
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We went on holiday to Bali in May this year and it was the first time in Bali for us, so we were a bit apprehensive to say the least. All apprehension disappeared as the bus rolled up to the front of the hotel. It was fantastic!Our tour guide Bagus couldn't have been more helpful and got us an upgrade to a seaview room. When we got into the room it was everything the past tripadvisor people stated. The room was a brilliant size and the bathroom accessories I loved. Everything about this hotel relaxes you and provides you with everything for an enjoyable holiday.The staff at the hotel were very friendly and could not do enough for you.I HIGHLY recommend going for a massage in the Spa, well worth the money and very relaxing.The breakfasts in the morning were great, fantastic selection and caters for all tastes.I can recommend an Indian restaurant 5 mins walk from the hotel. Go out the hotel and turn left and keep walking and you will come to it. Also along this street is a very good laundrette, where we took everything we had with us to get washed and ironed the night before we came home for a total of about 拢5! I found I could not spend my money in Bali and that is something very difficult for me!This hotel made we want to stay in Bali and I can't wait to go back again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fenner
<Content>Great Holiday and Wedding We stayed at the Hyatt for 10 nights from the 19th October with 7 other family members. We also arranged for our wedding to take place there. When we arrived we were greeted with a flower garland around our necks a cool drink and towel. The rooms were great although there was a slight smell but the staff did not hesitate to move us when we asked, it was no problem at all for them. All the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. There was no shortage of sunbeds as previous reports had suggested and the pools were great, so good we could not get our daughter out! At breakfast there was a great selection of food and no waiting or standing in line. The Piano bar in the hotel was good on an evening and they had a really good singer on with a good range of songs for everyone.We met with the hotels wedding co-ordinator the day after we arrived he showed us various locations where we could have our wedding and what other extra's they could arrange for us (musicians, photographer etc) and they were not expensive, very cheap compared to the prices we would have had to pay in the UK. We decided to get married in the Bamboo Atrium in the georgous gardens in the hotel grounds. On the day of the wedding all the area had been fantasticly decorated with 2 large carved thrones for us both. The wedding at the Hyatt for us was like a fairy tale and I would recommend the hotel to anyone thinking about getting married out there. Our day was more than perfect and was better than we ever expected it to be. We did find it cheaper to eat out and not in the hotel and there is some great places to eat Sanur. Also there are some great shops that are really cheap.We will definatley be going back in the future as it will always be special to us espcially with us getting married there.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hancocks
<Content>Excellent Hotel and resort We stayed for 14 nights from the 15th October 2005All the positive comments from other reviews are absolutley true.All the Balinese people we met both within the hotel or outside were very friendly and helpful.There are many bars and restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel ( either right or left ) . The nearest ATM is about 250 meters to the right of the hotel and is within the 24/7 store , there is also a large department store ( Hardys) a little further on where everything is inexpensive. For example within the supermarket section you can buy Arak ( the local spirit ) from about 拢1 a bottle.Eating out was excellent, we tried many of the local restaurants and were pleased with both the quality and prices. A trip round the island is a worthwhile experience but be aware that the weather in October can be very changeable - the volcanoe was shrouded in mist when we went.Overall we would recommend Bali and particularly Sanur for couples.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>missced
<Content>Paradise. Fantastic, and excellent service We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for five nights in October 2005 as part of a SE Asia tour organised by Kuoni, only four days after the most recent bombings. I cannot speak highly enough of the staff and standard of service at the hotel. Given that it was a difficult time for all concerned, our concerns were laid to rest as soon as we arrived - the hotel complex itself is very well guarded, and incoming and outgoing traffic is searched. And terrorism is terrorism all over the world - we live in London, and our experience at the Bali Hyatt has reinforced the view that we will not let the terrorists win by spreading fear. The balinese people are highly aesthetic, friendly and welcoming, and were all appalled by the latest events. We were made to feel incredibly welcome, and the standard of service we recieved was second to none.The landscaped gardens are large and beautifully set out in a balinese style, with fragrant ylang ylang, orchids, bougainvillea, etc growing profusely everywhere. Sanur beach is wonderful - the tide goes out quite far once a day, with plenty of exotic sea life to look at. Whilst it is tidal, waves are gentle and not for surfing, as the beach is protected by a coral reef some 400m offshore. It was quite the most unique beach I have been to yet - Crabs, seaweed, sea snails - the place is naturally as near to paradise as I have been, with the added advantage of a secure hotel resort area. There is a long path along the seafront, where we did after a day or two venture to local restuarants. Local fishermen still use the beach with local colourfully painted boats. This is great for peace and quiet and local character - and if you want luxury, it is there aplenty in the hotel. The hotel's public areas are well maintained, with a balinese open style roof by the piano bar. The mixture of the humid climate, fragrant planting of the gardens, layered level gardens,unobtrusive local musicians and landscaped swimming pools all add to the atmosphere. The hotel is large, and three storey, and clearly built in the seventies - but we did not have a issue with this at all as it has been decorated well in a local style, (each courtyard is lit with hangings and teracotta pots at night, the gardens are dotted with lanterns) and the outside is covered in vegetation. Many reviews mention a damp smell - the climate is excessively humid (usually over 80%) and this is the reason for the confusion, I believe. The rooms themselves were not damp, and well maintained. Food in all the restaurants was excellent - and if you wish to venture outside you will find good local food very cheaply. By western standards the Hyatt is not expensive either. A win-win situation!I used the spa, which was first class. If you would like a cheap massage on the beach, fine, but the spa was professional, immaculate, clean and intensely relaxing (I had a massage, and little touches such as having a fragrant wooden bowl of water with flowers floating in it underneath your head as you place your face in the hole in the massasge table) are thoughtful touches which make all the difference. And for a snip of the price at home! Before we went to the Bali Hyatt we were a couple of uncertain tourists, - we moved on to our next destination in love with the place. We would definitely stay at the Bali Hyatt again - the service is superb, and you have the option of going outside the resort if you wish, so how one enjoys the holiday is up to you.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic place dont let the terrorists win From the moment we arrived we received a very warm welcome from the staff in the hotel. We agree with the damp problem in the room, the first room we were allocated had the damp smell so we decided to change rooms. We spoke to the reception who were very accommodating and had no problem in relocating our room. (I鈥檓 sure they are used to it as it does seem to be a problem with many rooms) We decided to upgrade our room to a Regency Club Room with this we also got our breakfast and evening drinks between 5 and 7. We found this was definitely worth the extra cost. (Remember to haggle for a good deal)The hotel and all the facilities were amazing, the only disappointment was the beach, as the other reports say due to the corral reef that is about 100m out to sea the water never gets very deep and you get lots of see weed. Some times if the sea isn鈥檛 rough enough the water on the inside of the reef doesn鈥檛 get changed. This affected us a couple of times when we went scuba diving just up from the hotel. The sand on the beach is swept all the time and is very clean. Sun beds under the beach umbrellas are almost impossible to get some people must get up in the middle of the night to get them. As I mentioned the swimming in the sea was a bit off a disappointment so we spent most of the time around the pools that I have to say are incredible. The gardens/grounds to the hotel are an absolute credit, absolutely beautiful and immaculately kept.If you have some extra cash to spend, we fully recommend going to the hotel spa. We both did a 2 and a half hour package with various treatment and had the best time. The staff made you feel so welcome and special. It鈥檚 a real treat.To sum up we would without a doubt recommend this hotel we had a holiday of a lifetime.One final note, don鈥檛 be put off by the terrorist situation in Bali, we were in Bali at the time of the latest terrorist attacks, apart from heightened security entering the hotels (car and bag checks) Bali is still a paradise island. The Balinese people are the most friendly and good natured people you will come across who are so anti to any type of violence. They are so dependant on tourism as it is their main forms of income, as you can imagine they are very concerned that the attacks are going to prevent travel to Bali.Happy holidays  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nozmeister
<Content>Great holiday, but the hotels needs some attention! We've just returned from two weeks at the Bali Hyatt. We stayed there 5 years ago at about the same time of year and wanted to return as we has such a good time the first time! (even the bombing didn't affect our enjoyment of the island)Basically we had a very enjoyable holiday but whereas the main areas of the hotel are fine and the staff excellant we found that there are a few issues around.- When we arrived we asked for a double room but were given a twin. When we went to ask for a change there were none available until the following night, the following day they then wanted us to move to another room which despite paying for an OceanView we could hardly see the ocean. Eventually we got a room with an ocean view although as it was on the ground floor it wasn't really worth the extra.- The rooms and the bathroom in particular needs a complete refit. This hadn't been changed in the five years since we were last at the resort and we thought that it could do with it then! This makes me wonder about the 4 star rating as this is fine outside the rooms.- They appeared to have a bath towel problem as every day we were left without bath towels and had to ring up for them most nights as they didn't come round to service the rooms again until about 7pm. This is far too late for most people.Having also stayed in Nusa Dua I agree with the other comments that Sanur is a good mix between the buzz of Kuta and the cold could be anywhere in the world feel of Nusa Dua. We went to the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua a couple of times when we stayed there and was very quiet due to the renovation work but it does have a very nice pool and the beach is better than in Sanur. Food/drink prices are very high though !!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>soundlite1
<Content>Nice complex but smell problems            
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value for money, fantastic We stayed 9 nights at the Bali Hyatt and after reading some of the reviews which were on 'Trip Advisor' we were expecting damp rooms and an out dated hotel. However when we got there we were pleasently surprised. From the moment we arrived with the welcome cocktail and the garland of flowers, the standard was set, and the room was exactly (aircon working fine) like on the brochures and websites! We were there on our honeymoon and were told before we left that we may or may not get an upgrade. We were upgraded to the 'Regency Club' room with a garden view which was perfect for us. Every evening we would be serenaded on our balcony with the balinese music coming from the Regency club lounge and all the tropical sounds of animals in the beautiful gardens. However after a while the music did seem to be a bit repetative and like someone was standing on my cats tail. But it all added to the atmosphere. The staff were extremely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble and always with a pleasent greeting. The breakfast was fantatic we would recommend the pancakes and eggs which are cooked freshly while you wait. The regency club from our opinion is not worth the money though, as it seemed vey quiet (basically only free drinks and exculsive breakfast in the club lounge) The 2 pools and private beach (guarded and cleaned continiously) is more than enough to choose a nice spot for the day, and there is enough watersports to choose from (don't forget to bargain!). You can also get a local massage by the beach for less than 6 usdollars for an hour. This hotel is certainly the best one in Sanur, and we also visited the nusa dua hotels but agree with all reviews that those are very isolated and cold and have no local atmosphere (may as well be anywhere else in the world). Grand hyatt is apparently being renovated (sep 2005) and was less than 30% full so its was extremely quiet as well. One of the only few attractions in nusa dua area is the large shopping mall which was also closed for renovation/construction. All reviews with regards to Kuta/Sanur/Nusa Dua are correct; Kuta is young, cheaper hotels, lots of bars and discos full of Aussies, while Sanur is much more quiet, more Europeans, Japanese and honeymooners. Nusa dua finally is nice and new (mainly Europeans and Japanese) but can imagine it to be quite boring. With regards to the beaches it is true that the tide goes out very far in the afternoon, and that there is relatively lots of seaweed, but simply nature and still good enough for us Europeans! For us we really made the right choice with the Bali Hyatt in Sanur and would recommed it to all! Bargaining in Bali is quite an experience, anywhere outside hotel grounds (like on the 'surfers' Kuta public beach for example where the west coast sunset can be admired) you will constantly be approached to buy something from locals, but still almost always with a smile and relatively civilized still. Some usefull tips: 'Blue bird' taxis are apparently the most reliable ones, one way trip between Sanur and Kuta for example is approx 4 usdollars (through the hotel around 8 usdollars). You can easily book day trips to see more of Bali, highly recommendable. Eating out is easy and highly affordable in Sanur, although hotel does have great restaurants too for relatively reasonable prices still. All in all a great place and people, for an unforgetable honeymoon! Enjoy.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded expectations We have just returned from a fantastic holiday at the Bali Hyatt in Sanur. The hotel itself is certainly older than most - I understand that it was first opened in 1972 (however, has obviously undergone many renovations which has kept it fresh). Given the age of the hotel, the surrounding gardens are well developed and give it an exceptional ambience (very relaxing!). Out of interest, we visited the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua (a shuttle bus runs frequently each day between the 2 hotels) to take a look. The Grand Hyatt is a newer hotel, but to be honest it felt 'cold' and uninviting - a very 'resort' style hotel. Not to mention that there is very little within walking distance of the hotel and the food/ drinks are about 50% more expensive than the Bali Hyatt. Oh yes - and in the interest of supporting my comments that it is very 'resort' style, there is a Marks  Spencer and Starbucks opening up at the resort soon (if you have no interest in Bali or it's culture, this resort is for you).There was a great crowd at the Bali Hyatt - a good mix of people (different cultures, ages). They have a great pool bar and piano bar (live music). The restaurants on site are very good quality at a reasonable price. There is an exceptional chinese restaurant as well. The breakfast (normally included) is the largest I have seen in a hotel - exceptional standard.Try the restaurants outside the hotel - there is a fantastic italian restaurant called 'The Village' - some of the best Italian we have ever had. There are many others great spots in the surrounding area, you just need to have a good look around.I would definately recommend the hotel and the location. Sanur itself has a nice quieter feel than Kuta, and less 'manufactured' than the Nusa Dua area.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon trip in Hyatt We stayed in the Bali Hyatt for our honeymoon in August 05 and found it to be a worthwhile experience, with some tips we would like to share. Firstly, the hotel staff are really friendly, we ended up saying good morning, good afternoon and good evening about 40 times a day! But in all fairness they are just lovely people and go out of their way to be nice....The room we stayed in had no dampness or any other problems that previous reviews have mentioned, we found it to be immaculate in every way (it was an oceanview in the Bougainvillea block on the second floor) with great views and it was constantly looked after by the staff i.e. they would ask if we wanted the bed turned down every evening and would do a clean up and refresh of towels etc. of the room if we were not in and so on...The property itself is really lovely, its an ideal location especially for honeymooners who want to relax etc. We travelled to another beach where we were constantly hassled on the beach to buy items etc. and couldn't wait to return to the calmness of our own beach the next day, albeit there are some guys asking if you want to go on jet skis etc. As per other reviews the grounds and pools are spectacular and are very traditionally Balinese. The spa in particular is worth a visit. We really enjoyed the experience. The only thing we found was that after three nights of dining in the hotel restaurants that some of the restaurants outside the complex were worth dining in and are vastly less expensive particularly The Village and Palay and are also equally as good. It is definitely worth the visit. Another thing we found was that the only place you could have a drink in the hotel in the evening was the Piano bar near the lobby which was extremely repetitive after a few nights, i.e. the music was the same and the faces of the guests became familiar.... The entertainment should certainly differ here!!!!Overall we had a fantastic time and would definitely recommend the relaxation and pampering after organising a wedding !!!!Just to add that we went to the Hyatt at the end of August and never found it a problem finding a sunbed or a table at breakfast in the morning, some reviews mention queuing being a problem but we certainly didnt. All in all we had a great experience for 10 nights!! We would definitely recommend it, enjoy !!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yorkieYork_England
<Content>Difficult to fault Having spent nearly two weeks here I find it hard to fault this hotel for all round value for money. Ok, the residential blocks are concrete and of their age, but what do you expect. They are unobtrisive and serve their purpose.We had interconnecting rooms at the far end which suited us fine. Rooms were as we expected with no sign of the smells referred to in other reviews. The balcony was on the small side as rooms were on the top floor. If you want bigger balconies go for a lower floor though that might be at the expense of views. Room service was very prompt and we were looked after very well.Pool areas are first class and, despite being there in peak season there was no problem with sun beds. Pool attendants were happy to find spare beds and move them to where you wanted.All public areas, restaurants and bars are very good, all with a typical Balinese character. with excellent service throughout. Prices are not bad for this standard of hotel although bars and restaurants outside the hotel are much cheaper as you would expect. A meal for 4 in the hotel could cost between 拢20 and 拢30 for four (which isn't bad) whereas outside would cost around 拢15 for four.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CathBrad
<Content>A real treat! We stayed in the Bali Hyatt for a week and loved every minute!The hotel itself is amazing in our opinion. The service were amazing and the staff couldn't do enough for us. The grounds are lovely with two great pools.The rooms are nice, but yes there is a damp smell. If you go for the regency rooms it costs about 拢10 a night more and you get free drinks from 5-7pm. Well worth it. plus you get breakfast away from the main part which is much more relaxed and no waiting for tables or food.Sanur is nice. The beach is amazing. It is worth taking the free shuttle bus over to the Grand Hyatt as it seems less busy with plenty of choice of sunbeds unlike the Hyatt. Like another review said, people put their towels on sunbeds then go away for hours, but when we mentioned it to staff they said they had a rule if beds are left unattended for more than half an hour, the towels will be taken away. And they did. I saw it on several occasions.Overall a lovely hotel in a great country.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bloggertwo
<Content>What A dump   showReview(3808882, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cajshark
<Content>Honeymoon in Bali   showReview(3779566, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwee
<Content>Overall a good hotel   showReview(3762623, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated   showReview(3698386, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AnjaH
<Content>Disappointing experience   showReview(3622541, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing value for money   showReview(3609412, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pinch me I'm dreaming   showReview(3452689, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travellog
<Content>Nice hotel, not the best   showReview(3296123, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>superflygal
<Content>Outstanding!   showReview(3084066, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PPNL
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(2682671, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>voyageursNimes
<Content>cadre merveilleux repos garanti   showReview(23395315, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇挵澧冦仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(22856034, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joe0006
<Content>S茅jour de r锚ve   showReview(21564541, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>锞庯緹锞?> 锞庯緹锞?</a> </div>
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒仺閬亣銇椼仾銇勩仹銇欍€?#x201d;       銉涖儐銉唴銇儣銉笺儷銆侾B銇俱仹銇欍亹銇с仚銆?/a>  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	4	4	

<Author>NicolasWaterloo
<Content>Extraordinaire, sublimisime, 茅poustouflant,...   showReview(21399808, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SALJU
<Content>搴亴搴冦亜       銉椼兗銉?/a>  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>銇熴亜銇°仯銇?> 銇熴亜銇°仯銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇椼仧銉愩儶銇屾ソ銇椼倎銇俱仚   showReview(20841544, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Zenworld
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able h么tel Hyatt   showReview(19655094, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fumobali
<Content>hotel molto bello rilassante       spiaggia hyatt sanur  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧銉偩銉笺儓銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19914555, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eugene1980
<Content>bien mais on en fait un peu trop....   showReview(18501346, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	5	3	

<Author>thevelin
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(17122234, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s d茅莽us   showReview(16612615, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧琛屻亶銇熴亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170897, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabipippi
<Content>Willkommen im 2. Zuhause!       Meerblick  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銇父瀹裤仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19169703, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴亴绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19169585, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞銇с亶銇俱仚   showReview(19169571, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撳洖娉娿伨銇ｃ仧銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166916, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Spatchou
<Content>D茅cevant !   showReview(11028310, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婀挎皸銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(19165576, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>guerdat
<Content>Pas 脿 la hauteur de sa cat茅gorie   showReview(10001981, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Poulette76
<Content>Un coin de paradis   showReview(8019199, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜銉炪儖銈?#x201d;   showReview(19161331, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇с伄銈撱伋銈娿仹銇嶃伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19161283, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦仚銇庛伨銇欍儛銉儚銈ゃ偄銉冦儓   showReview(19161281, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nastacia85
<Content>retour d'un s茅jour au bali hyatt   showReview(7641259, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>smirnova
<Content>Superbe   showReview(7195387, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点儗銉笺儷銇€佽垪   showReview(19160122, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>frenaut
<Content>un hotel remarquable   showReview(6045428, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愭鍙ゃ亜銇戙仼鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(19157748, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇戙倠鍫存墍   showReview(19155959, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仒銈撱伨銈娿仐銇熷湴鍖恒伄妤藉湌   showReview(19155517, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂涵銇屽簝銇?#x201d;   showReview(19155263, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌忋倓銇嬨仾灞呭績鍦般伄鑹仌   showReview(19155064, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点儗銉笺儷銇紤鏃?#x201d;   showReview(19155036, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銉愩儶銉忋偆銈儍銉堛亴濂姐亶锛?#x201d;   showReview(19929933, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑸┖姗熴儊銈便儍銉堛兓銉涖儐...   showReview(19928985, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣銇с伄婊炲湪锛戞棩...   showReview(19927566, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓插畨鎰熴倰寰椼倝銈屻倠銉涖儐...   showReview(19925114, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2003骞淬伄銈儶銈广優...   showReview(19924934, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉炽儉銉笺儔銇儴灞嬨伀...   showReview(19921635, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銈傘亰姘椼伀鍏ャ倞銇亾...   showReview(19920695, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銇珮绱氥儶銈俱兗銉堝湴...   showReview(19919004, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺偍銉偒銉犮儔銉兂銈亴...   showReview(19916813, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

