<Author>ksroxanne
<Content>Fabulous place to stay!!! Our stay was fabulous! We stayed the week between Christmas and new years!!! It was me, my husband and our 2 kids ags 7 and 10. The room was VERY clean and super nice!! Bathroom was awesome and VERY clean!! Our room was on the 3rd floor so we used the stairs. The hotel is 2 blocks from the Times Square area. I could not have asked for a better place to stay!!! It was so close to everything!! It was a little crazy at check in and out but what place is not?? GREAT HOTEL!!!!! I will stay there every trip i take to New York!!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ANGHARRAD
<Content>Only Praise My husband, myself and our 2 children aged 14 and 19 stayed here for five days over the New Year and were delighted with the hotel.As previous reviewers have said the location is superb and apart from using the Sightseeing bus to view the outlying areas we were able to walk everywhere else.eg 15 mins to the Rockerfeller centre 25 mins to central park.The lifts were slow and crowded but we only used them th efirst and last day with our luggage so it was no problem. We were there New Years eve and they had employed a bouncer to ensure that only hotel residents entered.I think he was the biggest guy I have ever seen!! The staff at the hotel were very helpful and the room was clean and quite spacious.Impressed that the sheets were changed daily.As suggested we had breakfast at both The Olympic and the French restaurant Pigalle.The latter was more expensive but we loved the food and the ambience and ate there most mornings. Recommend that you arrive before 9.30 as otherwise there is a queue~ although this week is the busiest in the year so it may be less crowded from now on. Would definately come back and would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>reba88
<Content>Dont stay here if you want quality and a bit of peace This hotel, from the reveiws seemed nice and friendly and the employees could not do enough for you. Well the hotel we stayed in was polar opposite to this. We had booked two rooms, when we arrived, one room was ready and the other was not. We all brought our bags upstairs to the ready room (room 1420)and waited for our room to be ready. This room was on the 14th floor. We soon discovered that the shower clogged when you turned it on, the tv remote was not working and the towels - if you can call them that were no all in the room. When we went down to get our key for our room, we informed the front desk of our issues and they noted them on post-its(they'll never get lost will they!!). We went to our room, only to find that the air-conditioning unit howled when the wind blew, and it was rather windy outside. We asked to be moved. The front desk were not happy with having to do more work and reassign us. We moved to the 11th floor. The knob to the hot tap was about to fall off, we informed the front desk - it was never fixed while we stayed there. Our towels were the same pokey size as the first room on the 14th floor. We decided to stay as we were tired after our journey. The next morning, up bright and early, we discovered that the remote in the first room was still not working, even after a maintenance person had 'fixed it'(we asked three times for it to be fixed before it finally was). We informed the front desk, more post-its. We went to our room and low and behold in room 1110, there was a construction site in progress - the room was totally gutted and all you could see were bare walls. The knocking, drilling and thumping was deafening. This started every morning at 8.00am sharp!! We complained to the front desk - again - they said they were sorry that we were never informed of the construction prior to our moving, but we could have complementary breakfast the following morning to make up. We took it, but to be honest,it hardly makes up for all the inconvenience of the noise, plus the list is getting longer at this point, we really wanted to move. That eveing, i noticed that our sink or toilet were leaking, we reported it the next morning before breakfast. As we approached our room after eating our 'yummie' free breakfast, we noticed that our door was on the latch. We walked into the room, we could not see anyone in the room, The maintenance man returned after 5 minutes. Our room could have been burgled, all our shopping taken and personal posessions could easily have been taken. How did the maintenance person know that we were the real occupants of the room?? - at this point we really lost it with the reception, but they did not really see the implications of leaving a door ajar. The lifts leave a lot to be desired, we used the service lifts at the end of the corridors as they were more reliable and came quicker. On our last day, one of the main lifts was out of order and a large number of people were checking in and out, so you can imagine how tempers were flaring. Breakfast is a rip off, I had a bagel each morning and paid $13.00 without tax for the privilege. Yes, you can have more if you like, but to be honest, the food was not nice and they never had enough hot water on the go! We informed the front desk of all our grievences when we were checking out, they did not seem too pushed to try and win our over. They offered us complementary breakfast if we returned to the hotel in the future. I DONT THINK I'D EVER GO BACK THERE, AND I AM ADVISING YOU TO DO THE SAME! The W Hotel is only around the corner and is much better!!!!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>DrRocketMan
<Content>Very poor value for money! At 拢175 ($306) per night I expected a whole lot more from this hotel. I appreciate that this is New York where prices are as high as the skyscrapers but this hotel fell way short of our expectations and it is not clear to me how it ranked 68th out of the many hotels in New York. I suspect that, as per some previous reviews, if you book through Expedia as we did, you can expect to be assigned to the less favourable rooms.Firstly, on the upside, the location is very good. Central Park, Times Square and the Rockefella all within easy walking distance鈥?but that is true for most hotels in Manhatten! Some might find the inclusion of a fridge and microwave useful, although to us it just took up premium space in the room. And there the pros end really.Downsides include very small rooms, shabby in d茅cor (air conditioning unit installed in window panel, chipped furniture). While sheets and towels were clean enough, my girlfriend almost impaled herself on a sewing needle left on the floor from the previous guests. On the second day our room was not visited by the cleaner at all (again not reflective of the price tag). The shower was a law unto itself in that the temperature could fluctuate wildly which resulted in an amusing array of dancing and yelping from the occupant. The walls provided insufficient sound insulation from both the neighbours and the plumbing! One of the lifts was out of order for the duration of our stay which generally lead to a cramped ride which stopped at most floors (bizarrely whether someone was waiting or not!). Also watch out using the hairdryers fitted in the bathroom鈥?ours started to smoke! One good point however, was that there was a separate hairdryer in the wardrobe. AND OF COURSE NOT FORGETTING EVERYONE鈥橲 FAVOURITE COMPLAINT鈥?NO FREE INTERNET ACCESS!In isolation none of the above rank higher than an annoyance or inconvenience and the hotel serves the basic purpose of a safe refuge in a great location. But as the most expensive hotel we鈥檝e ever stayed in in the US (this includes the Bellagio in Las Vegas and a lot of business travel!) it represents absolutely terrible value for money. I鈥檓 sure, like us, you鈥檒l make the most of it and not let your room affect having a great time in New York (try to be amused by the Fawlty Towers-esk traits)鈥?but we鈥檒l definitely not be returning to this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>atholl38
<Content>Brilliant Belvedere, New York Just returned from a fabulous break to New York, we were 5 girls celebrating our birthdays.The Belvedere was great, fantastic location, the staff were veryfriendly and efficient. 10 minutes walk to Times Square. We had interconnecting rooms on the 7th floor. The bedrooms were very spacious and cleaned daily.The breakfast was excellant Will definately return to the Belvedere in the future.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holiday_Obsessive
<Content>Good value and well located hotel This was my third time in New York and my first staying at the Belvedere, but I would definitely choose to stay there again. The hotel was well located on West 48th Street, about 2 blocks from Times Square. It was in a fairly quiet road yet close to all the action.The room was very spacious and comfortable - we had 4 adults sharing a room and we didn't feel cramped, though the beds aren't huge. We had a small kitchenette with microwave, fridge and coffee maker which was a nice bonus, though it would be better if they provided some cutlery, plates  glasses to go with it.The shower was great, but the bath was one of those weird low ones more suitable for a child!The service at the hotel was excellent, everyone was really friendly and if we had a request, it was actioned immediately. We didn't try the food so I can't comment on it, though I would recommend the little French place for breakfast - turn left out of the hotel and walk to the end of the street, and just across the road (corner of 8th Ave I think). We also had an excellent dinner at Maze by Gordon Ramsay, and at Craftsteak. There is a fantastic dessert place called Max Brenner on Broadway, near Union Square, but be prepared to wait for a table, especially in the evenings. Sunday lunch time wasn't too bad.The only negative comment I would have is about the lifts - they are soooo slow!! Fortunately we were on 5th floor so it wasn't too much of a mission to walk if we needed to, though when we had to leave with our cases, we must have waited about 15 minutes to get in lift! 9 times out of 10 when one did stop on our floor, it was full up with people from above. Otherwise it was an excellent, well priced and very comfortable base for our stay.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>londongirlcate
<Content>Recommended We've just returned from our stay at the Belvedere - there were four of us (female) and we shared a room with 2 doubles to save money. Our room was high up which cut out a lot of noise, and we were in one of the refurbished rooms (we called ahead to request this). Rooms are decent size, the bathroom is scaled for small people but does the trick. Kitchenette was very handy. Rooms were clean, although we had to request extra towels daily - despite being booked in as a room for 4 people. Ditto the coffee. Gym was better than the photos showed.The most impressive thing about the hotel is the location: just a couple of blocks away from Times Square and around the corner from a great little diner called the Olympic - fully recommend breakfast there. Only complaint I could make is that one of the bellboys had a stinking attitude - we tipped him $4 for storing 6 bags and he stood counting it in front of us, looked disgusted and walked off without even opening the door so we could bring them out to the cab.Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>andy-M28
<Content>loved this hotel! We stayed here for five days at the beginning of December for our first visit to New York. We stayed on the 7th floor of this hotel and found the location to be excellent- Times Square is a 5-10 minute walk! The staff are really helpful and friendly and our room was huge with two comfy double beds. The only problem with our room was that it was a bit cold but we contacted the front desk and within half an hour a heater and two extra cosy blankets were delivered to our room and this soon heated us up. The room was clean and although the decor was a bit old fashioned I have heard this is common in new york hotels. The fridge, microwave and tea maker in the room really made a difference to our stay and we made full use of these facilities! I note on previous reviews that there were a few complaints about the elevators and I have to agree that they are very small inside. We did wait on an elevator on a few occasions but not for too long and i wouldnt let this put me off staying here again or recomending this hotel to friends and family. We will definetly be returning to this hotel on our next visit to NYC.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Patricia59Ireland
<Content>Loved The Belvedere Just returned from NYC and stayed at The Belvedere West 48th St. Loved it XXXX. The staff were brill, great location couldn't fault it. Read a view reviews before I went and noticed that some travellers were complaining about the hotel having just two lifts. Not so, there are two lifts in the centre of the corridor and one either end ( 4 in total) which we had no trouble using at all. I'll certainly return. Patricia Ireland  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>askabarbara
<Content>Best thing about the hotel is the location This was my second stay at the Hotel Belvedere. I mostly remembered the great location.. I love the theatre district,( and go to theatre almost every night) the west side and the great small trendy restaurants of Hell's Kitchen and restaurant row on 46ht ST... and it's not right in the busy section of the crowded touristy noisy Times Square. Very quiet neighborhood but close to everything.The room was a very decent size. 2 double beds..no luxury at this hotel.. no pillow top matressess,down comfortors or down pillows.. but very clean.. and convenient to have a small fridge,microwave, and coffee maker.( I keep juice, milk,water,etc. and can heat up leftovers!!)..Lighting is awful in the room, but the t.v was decent,small desk, and chair.Nothing fancy here.. bathroom ..VERY small.. pedastal sink,toilet, tub with shower..bad lighting..no counter space for toiletries.. just a small shelf above sink.. hard to get dressed or put on makeup.. one very small closet..decent drawer space..but the location can't be beat..Don't eat breakfast in the hotel.. Go to Pigalle down the block on 48th and 8th.. or Amy's breads on 46th and 9th for fabulous cafe and croissants. or any diner on 9th ave. bet,.44th and 49th). the Edison Hotel coffee shop on 46th- 47th,Dean and Deluca's on same block, Gateway Diner, Westway Diner..a Traveller'sTIP.. Check prices several times with the hotel before you go (use the 800 #)...mine went down due to the recession and do NOT pay in full with a web site..no deals there..For the price we paid.. it fit our needs..It was quiet,clean and comfortable..I don't need luxury for 6 days.. rather use the money for theatre,restaurants and shopping!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tintino
<Content>Nice Hotel but beware A Great Location, just a few yards from 8th Avenue and near Times Square, and Broadway. I was a single traveller and my room was clean and well furnished, yet American hotels seem to place emphasis on dark decore. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful but beware when they ask for your credit card they take out 拢67 per night as security in case you use any of there facilities. I got a call from my bank telling me they had withdrawn this amount. I have only just got back and as of yet it has not been repaid although i,m sure it will at some point. I can only comment on my experience but my bathroom was clean and nice but the shower was releaising only cold water on the first day. They will change sheets everyday if you ask. You get a dressing gown to wear, theres an iron, trouser press, tv, phone, microwave, coffee making facilities, radio/clock, and a huge bed. Overall a nice place to stop and there a nice resturant next door.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MiseIreland
<Content>Loved the Belvedere I have a just returned from a 6 night stay in the Belvedere. After much research on the net, I booked this hotel and have nothing but praise for it. We stayed in a king deluxe room on the 16th floor. Room 1614, it was very spacious and the bed was huge! The room was cleaned and we got fresh towels daily. Breakfast was delicious. The location is great, just a few minutes walk to Time Square. I cannot fault this hotel at all and I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>TPCAMB
<Content>Make Sure You Know What Room You Are Staying In! Whilst the location of this hotel is excellent and it seems good value, you need to be aware that some rooms are newly renovated whereas some are old and tired.We booked a deluxe double/double room on Expedia. When we arrived, the room was old and in a poor state of repair. We slept in the room one night - but my wife found it unbearable: noisy, damp and very cold (it was an end room on the 3rd floor - 327 I think).We complained the next morning and were offered a free upgrade to a renovated room - at this point the lady on the front desk explained that the Belvedere has some old and some renovated rooms. In fact, we further upgraded to an Executive double on the 15th floor (1505). There was no comparison - it was like being in a different hotel!On another point, I thought the breakfasts were poor: not much choice and not good quality. We ate out in delis instead.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	5	3	3	

<Author>NYCVISIT2008
<Content>Loved The Belvedere! We loved The Belvedere! Because of its location, we were able to walk to theaters, restaurants, Times Square, and the sightseeing bus terminal to pick up tickets. The hotel staff was extremely accommodating. We would stay there again for sure!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SuffolkUKSaxgirl
<Content>Brilliant Location This is a gem of a hotel, snuggled in the heart of Theatre-land yet just off all the hustle and bustle of the city. 4 of us stayed in a double-double suite and there was plenty of rooms for us all. The only drawback was the air conditioning unit was very noisy.Overall a very enjoyable stay and looking forward to going back sometime.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>WildCommonwealthBoy
<Content>My Mom and I I have been here before, but I was able to take my mother who is 68, to New York for the first time.She loved this hotel..The breakfast was great and the location to everything --super..Nice clean rooms .. I will recommend this to everyone looking for a central location at a good price..  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jet_65
<Content>finally got there Belvedere Hotel New york (Wonderful experience)Date;23rd October 2008Reviewer, Tripadvisor member from Cumbria UKJust returned from my very first trip to New York.Booked this through Expedia everything went as planned, Travelled with Continental Airlines who looked after us very well. Stayed at the Belvedere hotel w48th street 9th ave, The hotel rooms were very clean, room size good excellent location for Times Square, all staff helpful and polite. Thoroughly magnificent trip would advise anyone to go to New York as it is quite a spectacular place.Cant wait to go again, would definitely recommend hotel and flying with Continental Would also recommend Pigalle for breakfast, evening meal as food gorgeous its on 8th ave at 48th st..After reading reviews for months prior to my trip i want to tell of my experience which is genuine one of my first ever visit to the Big Apple and as trip advisor member.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MarySOrlando
<Content>Enjoyed Belvedere in NYC A friend and I spent 4 nights at the Belvedere Hotel in NYC. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at about 1 pm, that our room was ready even though check-in was 4 pm. The room was on the 9th floor and was toawrds the back of the building, but we still had a decent view. The room wa larger than we thought it would be. It also had a refrigerator which we weren't expecting. Positive things about the hotel was that it was clean and well-positioned for going to Broadway shows (it's to the west of Broadway, but so were all the theaters we went to). We found the staff friendly. It was in easy walking distance of Times Square. We had no problems walking to and from the hotel late at night. The hotel was also positioned close to 9th street where there was very nice ethnic resturants for reasonable prices. The hotel had a good American style breakfast - pricey but filling. One other positive - the window in the room opened - so that we didn't get overheated. Even though we were close to a fire station, the traffic noise was minimum. The less than positives were the TV kept going on the blitz, despite our complaints about it. (They did attempt to fix it and by our last day it was working.) The elevators were all small and at busy times, seemed to take a long time (we were on the 9th floor). The hotel was pricey but lower than other hotels we stayed at. Also we made a mistake of not booking early enough. I am going to recommend this hotel to friends that are going to NYC later in the Nov. This is a good hotel for a tourists interested in a going to Broadway shows.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bearToronto
<Content>Location Location Location!! My Girlfriend and I along with another couple Choose this Hotel because of the location and were not dissapointed! The Belvedere is within a 5 min walk to times square as well as a short walk to Rockefeller Center, Central park, David lettermen show (ed sullivan theater) and the Empire state building. We always felt safe in and around the city (Lots of Police everywhere) The Staff at the hotel seemed nice enough but the room we had was an older room on the 8th floor and not re-furbished! The room was clean but definitely needed to be updated! The bed's (two doubles) were ok, good enough to sleep on. The safe in the closet had no handle so it was a pain in the [----] trying to open! The tub and the sink liked to back up when in use so its more like a shower and a bath at the same time? We had no problems with elevators!! So nothing to serious! But we didn't spend much time in the room! There is so much to see and do in the city that you will only need the room to shower and sleep! I read other reviews and tried the oylimpic restaruant around the corner for breakfast. Its not bad! I guess for the price we payed for the room it was a good deal..? I suggest doing your homework and compare rates at other hotels in the area first!Matt Toronto, Canada  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>aroundtheworld21
<Content>OK Stay! I love the location of the Belvedere hotel! Its two blocks from times square and close to everything! On the other hand we did not book a room on the refurbished floors, (our room was on the 14th floor) it was very outdated and the window was broken; we complained about it twice and it was finally fixed the day before we were leaving. On the positive side there is a deli that is on the corner street of the hotel opened 24 hours! Because I love New York the room didnt matter that much to me so I would stay here again on the refurbished floor that is!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cemeaescutie
<Content>Brillient Hotel       Sooooo comfortable  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>70notout
<Content>Everything you need After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor felt this hotel met our demands. Not up to the Westin standard of course but no problems booking, and got breakfast each day which kept us well sustained - the NY1 deal. We had two double beds on the 12th floor and although I was expecting a lot of street noise there was none. The room was the average hotel size, very comfortable beds, plus fridge and coffee maker. We walked easily to the theatre, Times Square and the HoHo bus just around the corner. We had a lift just by our door so very convenient. The concierge was very helpful and booked our tours. Comparing prices of other hotels it was good value for money and would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mojoeagle
<Content>Only stay here for the location Well im absoluty gutted, just got back from the New York after staying at this hotel. Well the room was big but beds were so noisy when you moved on them. The noise from out side so so loud woke us up many a time in a night. As for the checking in. What they don't mention is they put a hold of $300 on your credit card untill you check out. This is NOT explained on check in and on their website. I needed this money on my card and they would not release the funds. I asked them what shall i do for money and i quote one of the managers comments  can you play music? as you could busk!!!!! No customer service when asked about changing room was told you got a good rate so thats why you got an older room. Do not stay at this hotel. The location is worth one * alone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>irene1206
<Content>Great place to stay in NYC! After spending 4 nights in Boston, we arrived here for another 4 nights. Really lovely entrance hall, very friendly staff and great room. Room could do with a refurbishment but it was clean and comfortable. The kitchen area was good but maybe some plates and cutlery could be added. That said if we go back to NY we will stay here again. It is in an ideal position and it was great to go to the theatre and be able to walk to hotel. We found a great deli and a pub close by so we were happy! Great hotel- would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>artistkay92101
<Content>Good hotel and great location As frequent visitors to NYC, we were very happy with the Belvedere Hotel. The room was very clean and the largest we've ever had in the theater district! The location was great, one block from Broadway (and the TKTS booth) in a very safe area. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our rate included breakfast which was a complete buffet. We will definitely book this hotel for our future visits. As an added bonus, the Swiss restaurant next door had very good food at reasonable prices (for NYC).  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Frozencustard
<Content>Beware of the Belvedere! Our September, 2008 stay was truly one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory. Please note that the website photos do not match the actual rooms you will be receiving when you check in, unless you have asked for a completely renovated room which will cost substantially more than the advertised prices. The room you will receive, as did my wife and I, and all of the other convention participants who booked here with us, will be classified as a partially renovated room by the staff. This means that it will be dirty, with stained carpeting in need of stretching ( a definite tripping hazard), peeling wallpaper, mildew and mold on almost all bathroom surfaces, no view (ours was of a tenement building across the alley), and the overwhelming pungent smell of industrial strength room freshener which will permeate all of your clothes and your luggage. When we were there we attempted to complain about our room, but the staff, who was obviously used to dissatisfied customers, refused to re-assign a different room to us, and did not even come upstairs to inspect the room after we made our complaints known. The front desk manager, Julio, was the rudest manager we have ever encountered, unwilling to act on any of our complaints or the multiple complaints of other guests with similar problems. The other front desk staff quietly apologized to us when Julio abruptly removed himself from the situation to take an important phone call--the front desk staff seemed overwhelmed with the continous stream of complaining guests. The bathroom was the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel in the United States. The room furniture was broken, scratched and looked as if it were purchased from the Salvation Army resale shop. The air conditioners were small dirty units which did not operate properly unless you tied back the rubberized curtain to enable airflow. The vents of the air conditioner were filthy, with dirt and dust overflowing the filter area onto the front control panel. The kitchenette featured prominently on their website was nothing more than a corner of a long, dark hallway with a dirty dormitory refrigerator and a cheap microwave oven perched on a flimsy countertop. The elevators were not functioning for half of our four day stay, forcing us to share the service elevator with the staff; we were stuck in one of the elevator for several minutes when it suddenly stopped. If you are able to change your reservations and stay elsewhere, definitely do! There are several better hotels immediately surrounding this one, including a Courtyard Inn, a Marriott, a Westin, etc. I am sure that they have higher standards for their operations and take their responsibilities with respect to customer satisfaction seriously.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>MukulVerma
<Content>Excellent Expereince - Great Service The hotel was amazing. The Decor was really modern and nice, The hotel was clean and beds were confortable. The staff very helpful, they directed us on how to save hundreds on show tickets, where most hotels would only offer you there services, stadd multiple times showed us the best options which were outside the hotels services. We had a end corner room which had an elevator next to it, felt like we had our own private elevator (only once in 4 day was another person in it).  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OldGrey
<Content>Good value close to Times Square This hotel was a real find and I would definitely go back there again. It's only a few blocks from Times Square and is above average compared with other hotels of a similar type. We arrived early and our rooms were not ready. The front desk was very helpful and stored our bags until our rooms were ready. This allowed us to go out  explore NYC. When we returned all the paperwork was ready and check-in and bag return was very speedy.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nnchen
<Content>Great location, excellent staff Stayed for one night for a Broadway show. Booked directly from the hotel's site after comparing rates with other travel sites. Pros: * Excellent staff - we arrived at 2pm and were able to check in (regular check in time is 4pm). Very courteous, always with smiles, and pleasant* Location is convenient to a lot of attractions. * Great service - after we checked out the next day we went on a booked tour. We were able to leave our luggage there until mid afternoon. Free service.The room we got are good sized with two beds. The shower head looked like it needed some cleaning so we called before heading out. It had been cleaned when we got back in the evening.The elevators were a bit small - 8 people would fit in very snugly. However, we did not find this to be a major issue. Never had to use the service elevators.Did not have meals in the hotel. The choices within 2 blocks were plenty.The 12th floor was closed and we could hear a bit of construction noise when we first checked in. We only stayed for about 5 minutes and headed out so it did not bother us. It was very quiet during the night so no complaints here either.Conclusion: highly recommended for a night on the Broadway.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>hercapo
<Content>Loved It!!       Executive King Room  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>michael39
<Content>Great Value  We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel Sept. 21-28, 2008. We were in New York mainly to see some Broadway musicals. This hotel is idealy located. We saw 5 musicals and the furthest walk we had was 10 minutes. It's also about a 10 minute walk to Times Square.The room we had (523) was very large by New York standards, super clean and in newly renovated condition. The room had a comfortable king size bed, desk and sitting chair as well as a microwave and bar fridge. Our costs were about $299/night but included a full breakfast. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful.Our only complaint was that the elevators were very slow and we walked down rather than take the elevators.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Matt4493
<Content>Great Location and Room My wife and I, along with our three kids (two teenagers and a 10 year old) spent 4 nights at the Belvedere in August. I booked the room on Placestostay.com and got a pretty good rate ($225). I was worried about having 5 in one room but we didn't get hassled about it. The other reviews of this hotel are spot on. The location cannot be beat! Literally two blocks from time square, about 4 blocks from most of the theatres and about 10 blocks from Central Park. We didn't take one cab ride. A good guide to NYC city blocks is that 20 blocks equal one mile no matter where you are in the city. About the hotel: spacious clean room with refregerator, Friendly front desk staff, good maid service, nice gift shop, helpful concierge. The hotel is on a quiet side street and it is amazing that Time Square is so close. There is a French Restaurant and a Mexican restaurant right down the street. Down two blocks and up one is the Olympia restaurant which is great for breakfast. The only negative is slow elevators but they have three available.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Multax
<Content>It was a joy ...       Room (1)  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Zicomar
<Content>Great Location Great Location just up from Times Square, a ten minute walk from Central Park, and right in the heart of the Theatre District. Rooms are a pretty good size, compared to reviews from other hotels in New York, and have the benefit of a small kitchenette with fridge and microwave oven. The hotel was clean and tidy and certainly didn't have a tired feel to it as other reviewers have mentioned. Only downside the lifts as other reviews have mentioned, we have stayed here before on the third floor so the lifts weren't really a problem. This time however we were on the eighth floor and really had some wait as one of the lifts was out of order, yes use the lifts at the end of the corridors but still be prepared for delays. Overall no real problems, great location, good sized rooms, be prepared for delays on lifts.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>PinkGroove2k
<Content>We loved it.       The view from our room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WillyBe
<Content>Great hotel and staff       Friendly staff  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marcolet
<Content>Great Location and would recommend Stayed for 3 nights in the Belvedere Hotel and was delighted with the room. From what I understand rooms in New York can be quite small so we was pleasantly surprised. For the price we paid this is great value. If you are looking for pure luxury - look elsewhere. If you are looking for a comfortable 3 star in a good location with pleasant staff and a decent sized, clean and comfortable room then this is what you getOur room was on the 17th floor and had a little kitchenette with coffee maker - coffee suplied - also microwave. The bathroom was small - as other reviewers have said - but it had everything and there was nothing to complain about. Shower was very good.We arrived a little early but our room was ready and we were able to check in. We were also allowed to check out a little later when departing which was great - they held our bags after that.We never had problem with the lifts - probably as we were on the top floor. Once it arrived up it was usually empty - however when it stopped at the various floors on the way down - it was often full. Lifts are definitely small.We had breakfast included in the price and it was very good. It would be very expensive it if were not included. Continental was about $13 and full american was nearly $20. The continental included tea, coffee, breads, cakes, cereal, fruit, cheese etc. The American had in addition suasage, bacon, eggs, home fries, pancakes, french toast. Plently places close by for breakfast otherwise.The location is great and we always felt safe walking around. We ate in the mexican next door one evening - Sombrero - and it was nice. There are plenty bars and restaurants close by and I would definitely stay again - we went to The Social (gets a bit noisy after 5), Hurleys, Pigalle just to name a few.We flew to Newark and got the NJ Transit to Penn - taxi only $8 to hotel. We got a taxi back to airport - hotel porters got it for us - - it was $80 including tip.Would have no hesitation recommending hotel or staying there again  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>allykitty5
<Content>Great time, Great hotel!       flatscreen tv  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>june252000
<Content>Hated it! I was looking at reviews of hotels in Chicago and somehow followed a link to a review of the Belvedere in NY. As I read the review I recognized the lobby and rooms from the pictures on line. My mom and I stayed there back in 05 for one night while we were in town to see Mamma Mia. We absolutely HATED the hotel. The location was good, steps away from the Times Square area and an easy walk to the theatre... so if location is of prime concern to you, the Belvedere will do. However... the rooms were ridiculously small and dark, the beds were hard and uncomfortable, the view from the window was the back of the neighbouring buildings. We honestly hated the place, but it served the purpose for our one night in NY. We did travel to NY again in 07 and stayed at the Afffinia - a much better stay, slightly different location (see my review on Affinia). My one caveat is that maybe the Belvedere has upgraded their rooms since 05, but beware...!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>carlyannking
<Content>Great Hotel In a nutshell, The Belvedere is a lovely hotel to stay in. Its clean, staff are friendly and helpful. Also, it is a block away from many of the Broadway shows, including the Gershwin Theatre which currently hosts Wicked. Although central to Times Square/Broadway, it is situated on a quite street, away from the hustle of 8th Av. Only slight downside was the lift facilities were a bit sketchy at times but that was usually in the morning time.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>fremantlewa
<Content>Great location spent two nights in the Belvedere mid August. We were travelling with two others so booked a room for 4.The room was quite roomy enough for the four of us with luggage - although if the stay were more than two nights we may have had to rethink.The room had two queen beds and a sitting area near the window. That bit of extra room made it very comfortable as we could set up the suitcases over there out of the way.Entrance hall and bathroom near the door meant we heard no noise from the hallway even though we were directly opposite the lifts. Airconditioner was very noisy - my partner ended up wearing noise reducing earphones to block out the noise as it cut in and out. (with four in the room we couldnt switch if off as it got stuffy quickly) Great TV in room, free internet connection and close to Time Square (less than two blocks) All in all - would stay there again for sure !  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>touristWYorks
<Content>great location Just returned from a fantastic break in New York. A party of 11 of us aged from 14 to 80 stopped at the Belvedere Hotel. As mentioned in previous reviews the lifts were very slow but apart from that we had no complaints. The rooms were spacious and clean, staff friendly and helpful, location perfect. What more could you ask for? We didn't eat in the hotel but had breakfast every morning at the 1950's style Olympic Diner (turn left out of the hotel entrance then left again onto 8th Ave - 2min walk). It cost approx $7 for tea, juice and pancakes/waffles.We bought 48hr passes for the hop on, hop off open top bus tour. At $49 well worth it. Stops close to hotel on 8th Ave. Some guides were much better than others.Two most memorable sights were turning into Times Square for the first time and the view from the Empire State Building, both breathtaking.If you get chance would suggest trying BB Kings on 42nd St. to see the Harlem Gospel Choir,($27) they put X-Factor contestants to shame!Also visit the revolving View at the top of the Marriott Hotel Times Square for drinks in the evening. Adults only after 9pm.Those wanting bargins should take a trip to Woodbury Common. It's $40 for the hour long bus trip from the Port Authority Bus Terminal.Fantastic break, looking forward to returning.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Travellingauntie
<Content>The Belvedere - very disappointing I stayed at The Belvedere with my daughter, neice  great neice for a 3 night /4 day stay. ( our ages are from 18 to 53 )On the plus side the hotel is in a good location, 5 minutes walk from Times Square.The hotel staff are all courteous  helpful.The reception is very nice.When I looked at the hotel's website it said it had been refurbished in 2007, in fact the refurb started in 2007 and is unfinished. We were put in a small room on the 4th floor, it was shabby, with dirty curtains - very disappointing.There were very few plug points so we had to pull out a chest of drawers and unplug the TV to plug in a hair dryer. There is however a hair dryer on the bathroom wall.There is a filter coffee maker ( coffee is supplied ) with cardboard cups, no spoons, none of the rooms have kettles, so if you want tea you have to heat the water in the microwave.We complained and got moved to a room on the 12th floor which had been refurbished and was more spacious. ( much better )The lifts are quite small and slow.The air con is old and very noisy - so take ear plugs ! To be honest i wouldn't stay at The Belvedere again.Breakfast at the hotel is expensive at $17.95 so take a 2 minute walk to The Pigalle ( turn left out of the hotel, cross at the traffic lights and its on the corner) where they do lovely freshly cooked breakfast/lunch/dinner in traditional old French style surroundings.Lastly I can highly recommend The Big Apple Greeter which is a free service, you can arrange for a native New Yorker to take you on a tour of the city, ours was called Al Riggi, who was fantastic ! He knew NY liike the back of his hand, the history, culture etc we walked for 7 hours and saw so much more than we could have covered ourselves - it was the highlight of the trip !  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>UKTAmember
<Content>Beware of money being deducted Just returned from New York with my two daughters, one aged 11, and one aged 15. I was a bit anxious as I have never been to New York before and especially as I was on my own with my two daughters, although had no cause for concern, the people were always friendly and helpful. The hotel was very pleasant, with breakfast available in the hotel at a very reasonable price, you could also have an evening meal there too, and even phone up for take-away delivery, although we ordered a pizza that never turned up. The down-side we experienced at this hotel, was not being told that they deducted money from your credit card. Having stayed in hotels before, this is the first time that I have actually had money deducted from a card, as they usually take the number for security, which they stated, they did not at any time say that they were going to subtract it from my credit card, which as you can imagine was very inconvenient, and I only found out after contacting my bank. They credit it back after you've checked out, not at all helpful when you actually need the money when you're in the Big Apple!The hotel itself is a good location, near enough to all the action, but far enough away from the expensive parts of nyc.MY TIP: Take blister plasters for all the walking and don't believe that you're comfortable shoes still wont cause you to get some!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>Thistle79
<Content>They charge you for incoming faxes!! When arriving at the Belvedere the check-in staff and bellman seemed friendly enough. Our room was clean and spacious and I thought it was good value for money. Our room was on the third floor and when we called the elevator it would come from the ground floor and go up all the way to the 17th floor and then get us on the way back down. Most of the time we used the stairs. We were never supplied with sufficient towels and face cloths.We went to the hotel caf茅 for breakfast the next morning. It was $18.99 for all American breakfast and $13.99 for Continental breakfast. It was overpriced and not much to choose from. There was also a hair in the hash browns.One point that really made me angry was the fact that I received two faxes. One was from the Big Apple Greeter which arrived the day before we checked in. The other was about our Niagara Falls Experience pick-up time. I already knew when we were to be picked up. However, the fax was faxed to the hotel on the 11th August and had Urgent written on it. It was for our experience which was on the 12th August. I received the fax on the 16th August. Good job I knew when we were to be picked up!!!That's not all, I actually got charged for this fax. Only one and not both. I complained to one of the receptionists who was very rude and she said that I would have to pay for it. I said that I was not going to pay for someone sending a fax to me, as I didn't ask them to, so why should I pay for it and I mentioned I received it on the 16th August and not the 11th. They said I was given the fax on the 11th August.The receptionist then told me that I didn't have to pay for it but they had my credit card on file. I then asked for it to be taken off the invoice which she told me she was not going to do. I asked for the manager and the manager took of the charge for the fax and updated the invoice. But she did say that they charged people for incoming faxes.All in all I guess our stay at this hotel was OK however, the bellmen seemed to be so overworked they hardly ever opened the door for us.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>saharaomeara
<Content>Hooray Booking a hotel in New York is not an easy business. They seem to be over priced and over hyped. Just before I began to pull my hair out I was recomended this hotel by a friend who is cabin crew with our national airline. She told me that they would stay there if they were paying for their own stay ( say for a shopping expedition). So on her advise I checked out the website and booked a room that worked out at just under 600 euro for 3 nights. We ended up in an executive room with THE most comfortable bed myself or my partner have ever slept in (it was 6ft sealy). The location was excellent (our room faced onto the original Fame school) with Times Square 2 blocks over and 9th ave having some nice inexpensive restaurants right beside us. The staff were lovely and the room was quite. Hopefully I'll be back in New York in the not so distant future and if so, I'd be overjoyed to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>verypikytraveler123
<Content>Clean but outdated rooms When we booked our hotel through hotels.com it was the best priced for the location and the amneities. Upon arrival at the belvedere the doorman david greeted us verywell. The check desk was very nice and they found us a room at 10.00am and the check in time 4.00 pm. When we got up to the 7 floor we got in our room it was nice and the entrence way had nice tile.The beds were very low and to soft the room was a little out dated but very very clean. The bathroom was nice and clean. The amenites were nice workout room breakfeast etc.etc.... The problums we had were 2 elavaters for a 17 storie buildingand they were very small. This place was a little pricy but very convienynt. The consiare was helpful (when there). So if you are looking for a good location and clean rooms.STAY HERE  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Craigtown
<Content>Go for an executive room       View from our bedroom  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>rheaju
<Content>The Belvedere is AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!! I booked my room through a training I was attending (American Management Association) and was cautious about the price ($177 - unbeatable in NYC). After reading some of the comments on trip advisor and other sites, I was a little worried about this hotel. However, after a horrible start to our trip (flight got cancelled and we arrived in NYC a day late), we were astounded by the friendliness of the front desk staff. The room we had originally booked was a Double Double in a non-refurbished section of the hotel. When we checked in, the hotel staff immediately upgraded us to an Executive King for a small upgrade fee (which they ended up not even charging us anyways). The room was AMAZING!!! It had marble entryways, a minibar w/ fridge and microwave, and a wall-to-wall marble bath. And the views of NYC from our room were BREATHTAKING!I cannot believe how lucky we got, especially with all the flight troubles. The wonderful staff and accomodations at the Belvedere definitely improved our trip and made it one of the most memorable ever!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soxboys21
<Content>Great experience--would definitely stay again! After much researching, my wife and I decided to stay at the Belvedere. We decided to stay here mainly because of price, location, and the free continental breakfast! In addition, the reviews were excellent.The only negative thing we can say, and everyone else seems to agree, is that the elevators were extremely slow! During the middle of the day, they were fine. But in the morning and evenings, when everyone was coming/going, they were slow!Also, most people commented negatively about the A/C window units, but ours worked like a charm! The room was beautiful!We would DEFINITELY recommend staying here and we will definitely attempt to stay at the Belvedere on our next stay!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CanadianMum
<Content>Two thumbs up for The Belvedere! The exceptional location of The Belvedere Hotel is what makes it special. Anything you want to access in Manhattan is easy because of mid-town location. Room was clean, air conditioned, good bed, super rate, and liked having the safe. Front desk staff were friendly and attentive to our needs. All three concierges were most helpful and insightful when we asked about things to do. Can't wait to stay at the Belvedere again. For discounted Broadway tickets, head to lower Manhattan, South Street Seaport booth on Front street. Be there an hour before they open. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cactustoaster
<Content>Pure qualit and good location We had two days here with our 2 teenagers and I am always concerned about getting 3 star hotels wrong in large cities as they can be mixed in quality and cleanliness, however we were not dissappointed the Belvedere, it was very clean and comforatable ,the staff were friendly and the location was great. I couldnt fault anything about it and would not hesitate to recommend it.The Mexican restuarant nearby whilst looking authentic was just average but handy for the hotel, I wouldnt ttherefore rush back.Having stayed at new york a few times in the past and I know how easy it is to get either the location or indeed the hotel wrong and have in the past taken no chances and paid over the odds for a 4 star chain hotel to ensure it is ok, such as a Marriott. This hotel however is a good value option for a tourist for people not wanting to spend a fortune.I hope this helps.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cmm816
<Content>location the best part The location was the best part of our stay. the elevators took forever and were very small and so were full most of the time. the kids ended up using the stairs for the 9 flights and beat us up every time. the hairdryer in the bathroom shorts out but they did have a spare in the closet. the tub didn't drain but they did fix it when we complained. we had 4 people in our room and only were delivered 3 towels and 2 washclothes every day even after we told them we needed 4 of each and they said they would note it on our records, we had to call EVERY day for towels. the smoke detector shorted out at 3 a.m. and we had to disconnect it to get some sleep. they fixed it the next day but it happened again a few days later. breakfast was OK for free but for $18 it wouldn't have been worth it. Like I said, the location was the best part.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>maxmiles
<Content>slow speed internet connection.... While our Executive Double-bed Room was very well-appointed, and with a nice kitchenette, the so called High-Speed/Wireless Internet was NO high speed at all (with 5-10mbph only!!!). This is not something you expect from a nice hotel in NYC. The service was alright except it took two phone calls and an hour later to receive my extra set of towels. Consider its location, the hotel price was a bargain (NYC standard) and I booked it thru the hotel's website.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>petach
<Content>It's an OK place It's an OK place. Great location. Rooms on lower levels look a bit tired and dated. Power does cut out if you use hair dryer whilst aircon is on. Shower was pretty naff, had to call janitor twice to unblock sink and bath waste pipes. Loo too close to wall at side if you are right handed (get my drift?) Can I heartily recommend Amy's Bread 672 Ninth Avenue (Between 46th  47th Streets) for breakfast? It is an absolute jewel of a place. Turn right out of hotel, then 1st left and walk two blocks. It's on left, blink and you will miss it. It does great coffee, croissants and cakes and sandwiches. Even the French think it is great, they go there in droves. A big bowl of Illy coffee, 2 fresh OJ's, half a baguette each with butter and jam....$13-50. Might sound a lot, but staff there are great, and they know how to make bread etc! Really, really, try it. The laundry next door to Amy's is really good too. Service wash is $8 for up to 10Lb of washing. Get it back after noon if you take it in about 8am. All comes back neatly folded in plastic bag.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>In_love_with_NY
<Content>Loved the Belvedere We were meeting relatives from Ireland in New York in late July and we all stayed at the Belvedere Hotel. The hotel was within walking distance to Broadway and restaurant row and we were lucky enough to be there during restaurant week! The room was nice with 2 double beds and the beds were comfortable. The room has window AC units which were hard to keep regulated at times. The hallways were not air conditioned but we weren't in the hallways that much. We had children with us and it was hard to get on the elevator with the stroller as the elevator was usually full by the time it got to our floor so we ended up taking the service elevator at the end of the hall. Hotel staff were delightful. We didn't have problems with the hairdryers blow power but the other room did.Check in time is 4pm so if you get there before that you cannot get into your room and will have to wait around the lobby or they will store your luggage and you can go out and do something in the city.The room had a kitchen, fridge, microwave, sink and cabinets so we could bring leftovers back and put in our fridge. The hotel cafe has a delicious breakfast buffet but it is $20.The gift shop is nice too for snacks and tshirts.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tattitalk
<Content>Very nice room, concierge worthless This was a charming hotel in a good location in New York, just a few blocks from times square. Stay here if the price is right.Room was very nicely furnished and the bed was comfortable. the room itself was pretty big for a new york hotel room which are notoriously small. The lighting could have been a bit better and there was no full length mirror in the room.The bathroom lacks counter space as it was only a pedestal sink, but the curved shower rod did make the shower feel more spacious. Overall the bathroom was clean and functional and the linens were good quality.The check in staff were friendly and helpful, the concierge was USELESS. I dealt with a few different bellmen, and a few were very helpful, others were not. Tip tip tip tip tip if you want good service. These people want your money and aren't afraid to ask for it or take it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>soisaidtotheguy
<Content>Sleepless in New York We stayed at the Belvedere for a weekend getaway. The reviews were accurate about the small room sizes, but the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Plenty of closet and drawer space. My only issue is the AC. While other reviewers complained of window units, we had a space heater-like unit inside the room that sounded like a volcano every time it went on. Staff not too friendly and are militant about 4 p.m. check-ins. Nice location, seemingly close to everything. Best price we found, but like I said, it came at another price called lack of sleep.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>redceltic1967
<Content>Mixed stay at the Belvedere The hotel is in an ideal location for the sights of New York with Times Sq and Empire States within walking distance. The room was OK but a bit cramp for four of us and also some of the furniture was rather dated and worn. Breakfast was plentiful but we hade to pay for the kids which wasn't mentioned at the time of booking. Worse thing was the a/c in the room which was noisy and on the last night broke down which left the room hot and sticky. The lifts were also a problem as for the size of the hotel there were only two and on three seperate occasions they broke down. Would perhaps stay again but not as good as predicted by many trip advisor reviews.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>gigglygertie
<Content>Great Location This hotel was about a 5 mins walk from Times Square. The hotel was clean and tidy, although our room was a bit small. we had a family room for 4, two adults a 16 yr and a 19 yr old. We had been travelling America and this was our last stop, so we had amassed lots of stuff and there wasnt enough space in the room for all the cases. The one bug bear about the hotel was the lift, it was too small and stopped at every floor!! The staff at the hotel were very helpful, helping us to book a show on Broadway. We would stay here again and if we came as a family would request a bigger room.The internet use in the hotel was expensive but there was a store just down the street that was really cheap internet.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Pszychojoe
<Content>Makes you want to stay out longer! The initial reaction to entering the standard king bed room is this place is old and small. The bathroom takes small to new levels. You can wash your hands while sitting on the toilet. We also had the same problem someone else mentioned about the hair dryer blowing a fuse. But they did have a second hair dryer placed in the closet and that one seemed to do okay. The front desk staff was pleasant, but wouldn't let us check in until 4:00 pm even though I'm sure when we arrived at 3:00 pm rooms were available. The concierge always has a line.The elevators are painfully slow and rather small. What is really frustraing is waiting forever and seeing a full elevator open, having to wait for the next. There is only one ice machine and one soda machine, each located on the second floor.The location is good. But you can do better for your money. Skip the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>jonesm99
<Content>Attention Ladies If you want to go to New York and have your heart set on staying at the Belvedere, don't go in the summer. After the power went out (twice) while blow drying my hair, I was instructed by the operator to not have the air conditioning on while blow drying my hair. Clearly this happens all the time. I'm sure they spend all day taking phone calls from women whose power has gone out. Also, they have the 2 slowest elevators in all of New York City transporting their hundreds of guests (slowly) up to their rooms. I haven't even talked about the bathrooms yet! They're small. When I say small, I mean SMALL. Pedestal sink. Enough said.Oh, and the front desk desk were talking behind our backs when they thought we were out of hearing range. We hadn't even complained about anything! I'm saving that for Tripadvisor. Anyways, there's a million other places to stay in this great city, don't bother with the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>bilti
<Content>Excellent location Great location walking distance of Broadway, Times square and central park, several breakfast diners nearby, the subway is 2 blocks away we had a 7 day pass ($25) and it was great got us everywhere even went to Coney Island which is worth the visit if you have time and try Nathans hot dogs. I highly recommend Ellens Stardust diner in the evenings it is on the corner a couple of doors from the theatre showing Mama Mia, all the servers sing songs from the shows if you are into musicals you will adore this place, the hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful the only moan is the elevators, sooo sloooow apart from that it ticks all the boxes for me.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DaRileyFamily
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Belvedere a while ago though my family and I found it a great place to stay. In NYC there's quite a few things to see so the hotel's a great place to stay just for the night. From the time we walked in the the friendly doorman hurried to assist us in carrying our bags inside, the staff at the counter were helpful and friendly for the time we stayed at the hotel, we made our way to our rooms to find a nice room with a decent bathroom and comfortable beds. The hotel was in walking distance to Times Square. The hotel had an amount of floors and a laundry room. Overall they hotel was a great place to stay with friendly staff, a comfortable stay!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>drew01
<Content>Not the greatest The hotel was very convenient to Times Square, but that was pretty much the extent of what I liked about this hotel.The lobby was nice too, but the rooms were very standard and somewhat old.The hallways were hot, as were the elevators.The a/c window unit in the rooms were a pain, because the curtains covered it up.At night we had two choices: 1. Run the a/c and keep the curtains open (couldn't sleep with the light shining in) 2. Run the a/c with the blinds closed, keeping any air from circulating throughout the room (not the best feeling for a summer night).The bathroom was very small, with no where to place your things.There were zero additional pillows or blankets available.Each night we had to ask for additional towels to be brought up to the room.The doorman wouldn't allow me to use the luggage cart when I was checking out, so we had to lug everything down to the lobby ourselves (I could've used his services, but after a few days in NYC I was tipped out).Finally, upon checkout, I was told the valet would bring my car around in 15 minutes, so after the above mentioned trek down to the lobby with all of our stuff, we had the pleasure of waiting in the lobby for over 1 hour for our vehicle.I probably won't be returning to this hotel anytime soon!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tupelodan
<Content>Wonderful Value We've now stayed at 3 similarly priced hotels within 2 blocks of Times Square and the Belvedere was easily the best. It's basics at their best -- very good location on 8thand W48th, decent sized and comfortable rooms, very friendly and helpful staff. The only drawbacks were the 2 slow elevators (but there's a service elevator that no one seems to mind guests using), only ice machine located on 2nd floor, and the long curtains that covered the window-unit air conditioner and blocked air flow into the room. (I rigged something up each night, though, and all was well.) We didn't try the breakfast buffet -- we walked to the corner deli (Green Emporium) or a little bit farther down 8th to the Olympic Cafe. The adjacent fine dining restaurant -- Churrascaria Plataforma -- is an excellent Brazillian steakhouse, but a bit pricey ($140 for the two of us). The Belvedere is a great hotel for the money ... we'll stay there again in a heartbeat. (And be sure to meet the little old lady who lives a couple doors down who runs a hostel ... she's special.)  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>katiejayh
<Content>Great Hotel This was our first time to New York City and was concerned with finding a hotel that wasn't too expensive but provided quality rooms and service. The Belevedere provided both of these. It is a wonderful hotel on a quiet street just two blocks from Time Square. The location was perfect. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We stayed in the Executive Double Double suite. The room was a bit small for 2 adults and 2 teenagers but well worth it, the bathroom was large with lots of marble and mirrors. Recommend asking for a room on the street side, upper floor. Great view of the city lights. Sightseeing tours on the Grayline are worth the money. We did the 3 day hop-on/off pass and used it the first 3 days, helped us learn the city and get around to all the sites. China Town/Little Italy are so much fun to shop in - wait to buy your stuff there. Try Carmine's for dinner.We had a great time and loved the city and our hotel! We would stay there again.Jay  Katie - Portland, OR  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarlaeZe
<Content>Great Place to Stay! The hotel has a great location. Walking distances to the Central Park, Broadway, restaurants. The concierge麓s services were VERY helpful for restaurant麓s reservations (they got us a table on Babbo麓s for Mother麓s Day evening, in a very short notice from us!). We looked at the reviews for this hotel before booking in, and most peaple complain about the elevators (slow). We didn麓t think they were so slow and it didn麓t bother us at all. We will definetly come back!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>HolidayRoad
<Content>Pleasantly pleased This was our third trip to NYC and we know that hotels can be hit or miss, but the whole point of going to New York City is NOT to be in the hotel room that much. Plus, hotel rates have skyrocketed -- the cost of a room at the boutique hotel we stayed in seven years ago has risen from $350/night to $1,400/night. Absurd.Yes, the Belvedere is older and there are window air conditioners. But it was clean, much bigger than we were expecting and because it is an older building, far more sound proof than a chain hotel. We had a fridge/microwave area and a nice closet, too. The lobby area is nice and the staff is friendly. No comp breakfast, though the room had a coffee maker. This property is conveniently located, which is a huge bonus and we felt safe and comfortable here. We paid $184/night via Priceline.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>SunnyDFlorida
<Content>Convenient to everything! Hotel was quaint, clean, and convenient for everything we wanted to do/see! Also from what I understand of hotel rooms in NYC, this room was very nicely sized. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SDRivergirl
<Content>Loved It! We stayed at The Belvedere for 5 nights in June 2008. I did a lot of research for hotels as they are quite expensive in New York. However, The Belvedere was in the mid-price range and had decent reviews compared to some of the others out there.We were impressed from the moment we pulled up. The Bellmen were wonderful and remembered us throughout our stay and always greeted us. The front desk staff was very nice. However, once we got to the room, we were very impressed. We have heard horror stories about small and dirty rooms in New York and we very pleasantly surprised. We booked an Executive Suite and were a bit alarmed when we realized it was right across the hallway from the elevator. However, when we walked into the room, there was nothing to worry about. There is a hallway to the bedrooms so you do not hear any noise at all from the hallway while sleeping. The floors and countertops were all marble and very clean. They replaced the toiletries in the bathroom every day. There was plenty of hot water in the shower and the water pressure was very good.The beds are VERY comfortable and there was also a fridge, sink and microwave which worked out very well for leftovers. The internet was free with this room and we had no problems accessing it. The concierge and front desk were very helpful in assisting us with learning how to use the subway systems (which there a plenty of stations near the hotel). In addition, they recommended a declicious Chinese delivery place.We did eat breakfast in the hotel one morning and it was overpriced for the selection of food. However, the service was great. In addition, there are plenty of great restaurants near the hotel - we really enjoyed a Japanese restaurant across the street. Also, there is a Food Emporium nearby which has great prepared sandwhiches, fruit, pastries, etc. We recommend stopping here to get snacks for the room.We had a nice view of the city as well and the AC worked great. It was nice because it had a remote control so we could control the temperature without getting out of bed.Overall, we had a great experience and we recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cathalcjb
<Content>Ok We stayed there for 6 nights - it was clean and comfortable. When we first arrived though we were given a terrible room on the third floor which was old, poorly decorated and really, really noisy. Luckily my fiancee has worked in hotels and requested that we be given another room (as we had booked a superior room). This was duly provided and we were relocated to the 11th Floor. The room there was much nicer - with a huge bed and a compact, but nice bathroom. We had breakfast the first morning but not thereafter - it didn't seem to be great value.All in all though we couldn't complain.Location was fine for theatres,etc. Lots of good-value for money restaurants on 8th avenue too.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mn_girlfriend
<Content>Happy female business traveler I stayed 3 nights and was extremely happy with my stay. Clean room with contemporary style in a great location (2 blocks from the buzz of Broadway).My only complaint is that I could not get the wireless internet to work my entire stay. I talked to tech support several times each day and was unable to resolve things. Saved by Starbucks and their T-Mobile hot spot, about 1 block away.The room was just right for 1 traveler. Two would be on top of each other but if you don't plan on spending time in the room, it would be fine. My room had a microwave and a good-sized fridge.Would recommend the place and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>simpsons2
<Content>wonderful new york! we stayed at this hotel on june 7th for 5 nights, the hotel is in a perfect location far enough from times square not to be bothered by the noise but only a 5 min stroll away, the hotel is very clean and the staff very helpful, our room was on the 3rd floor so not much of a view but was of adequate size for the three of us. decorated tastefully with sufficient air conditioning which we needed as they were having a heatwave while we were there. we had a small leak behind the sink which was promptly fixed after reporting it to reception, also the electric went off a couple of times while i was drying my hair with the airconditioning on but after ringing down to reception and reporting it , it was soon put back on again. we didnt use the lift much as we could walk down the stairs as only being on the 3rd floor. we didnt eat at the hotel as there are plenty of restaurants nearby we wanted to try. overall a very clean and nice 3star hotel.new york is absolutely fantastic, our best holiday yet, we managed to pack a lot into our trip with thanks to the new york pass which gives you discounts and free entry to all sorts of attractions such as the empire state building. we recommend a helicopter tour as this was an amazing way to see the city. The grey line bus tours are also good as they give you lots of info about the city and you can hop on and hop off where you like. A good restaurant was the stardust diner where the waiters and waitresses all sing for you, it gives them confidence to go for auditions on broadway an entertaining dining experience.I stress to anyone they must go to new york before they die as it is an amazing city!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>frenchiesonholiday
<Content>Great Location A very smart and clean hotel in an excellent location. Just 10 minute walk from Times Square. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms weren't massive but we were out all day 'til late. Had a fridge and coffee maker in the room. Would go back again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OP87
<Content>Not a Gem This hotel was a dump. The staff was friendly and helpful, but the hotel is old and worn out. The rooms are tiny and the hallways were so hot!We had to move rooms because the in-window air conditioning(yes, that's how old it is) had no blind, so your options were waking up at the crack of dawn to the sun or sweating to death. We chose sweating the first night and then asked if to move to a room with a blind, which were able to do, otherwise, I would have demanded my money back. The coffee shop doesn't open until 7am, there is no actual restaurant on premises, even though it states there is, it is attached to a Brazilian Steakhouse, but you have to walk around the block to get to it?? I took my mother to NYC for the first time in her life and wanted to be near the touristy attractions, Rock Ctr, Times Sq.etc. I paid over $600 for 2 nights (all other hotels were the same price)and it was a total waste of money. The pictures on Expedia were completely deceiving, I will never stay at a non-chain hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>ohiowanderer
<Content>Good place to stay We stayed here for 3 nights and it was great. The room was spacious for Manhattan. The bathroom was small but so are others in this area and price range. The kitchenette (fridge, microwave and coffee maker) was a bonus. Beds were comfortable. The location is so central - we walked to Central Park, to the Metropolitian Museum of Art (a long walk), to the Rockefeller Center. There is a nice deli on 9th between 48th and 49th called the Amish Market. Lots of restaurants on 9th. The subways can be confusing at first - the station on 8th and 50th has two entrances - uptown and downtown. If you want to go to Battery Park, go to the subway station on Broadway and 50th. A previous reviewer suggested the elevator at the end of the hall - it is quicker. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lesley41
<Content>It Was Okay My friend and I were going to stay at another hotel, but decided to try the Belvedere based on reviews, location, and mostly to save round $250 total for the three nights. The lobby is nice and clean. We asked for a renovated room, but were told that would be $50 per night extra, so they gave us a refurbished room instead, whatever that means. The room was clean which is a real concern for me, so I was able to relax as needed. I really can't stand a room with dirty ceiling and floors, and this had neither. The bathroom had a little mold around the faucets, and the toilet is so close to the wall that you practically had to sit sideways on it. It was hard to get toilet paper without sliding over a little. I would say the side of it was like 4 inches from the wall, which was very strange. I don't know how a heavyset person could use it at all. The bathtub drained slowly, so you wind up taking a shower with a few inches of water in the tub. The toilet clogged one night, and we called to have it fixed, which was done promptly. The electricity in our room went out when I blow dryed my hair with the air conditioning on, and it took up to 30 minutes to have it restored after calling the front desk. This happened three times. This hotel is in a great location, although a nicer view would have been better, and it was worth saving the money which we used to attend a show. Overall I would stay here again, and I am VERY picky, but if money were not an issue I would stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>hiking_girl_78
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Booked a two night stay at the Belvedere during the US Open, half expecting a small room/bathroom for the price (~200/nt) given the reviews of other Midtown hotels in this price range. The room was quite spacious and there was a separate area by the entrance with a microwave, fridge, and sink too. The location was fantastic, just a 5 min walk from Times Square, and in the middle of everything. I would definitely recommend this hotel for the semi-budget traveller who doesn't want to rough it too much.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>debbiemcn85
<Content>Fantastic Location Stayed here for a week in April 2008. Was a bit dubious after reading some of the less favourable reviews, however soon found out that the complaints were unfounded. The room was basic and clean, although the beds were amazingly comfortable. We never ate in the hotel as there are so many places nearby. Someone on trip advisor recommended the deli at the corner of the street that looks like a florists from the outside, we used this as it was cheap and very handy for supplies.The staff were very helpful, we booked the Sex and The City tour through the desk in the hotel and found them reasonably priced and quite obliging.There was a slight issue with having to wait for the lifts, however we just done what everybody else did and used the service elevators at the end of the corridors. The staff didn't mind.As far as we were concerned this was a fab hotel for the price and even more so the location. To all you moaning minnies out there, if you want the splendour of the Four Seasons, then book the Four Seasons!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>max_washedup
<Content>Perfect Stay The Belvedere was perfect for a weekend visit! Room was as described, friendly staff, gym was adequate and of course location is amazing. Will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hhnaples
<Content>Not pleaseed Our family of 4 (2 kids, 2 adults) stayed at the Belvedere for 3 nights. We were only pleased about 2 things - the conceirge service and the location. Other than that... were were not impressed! The room was VERY small. The air conditioner was a window unit that was covered by the curtains. So, if you wanted the windows covered by the curtains at night, the air conditioner was covered. The beds were as hard as rocks! We were charged an in room internet fee even though it never worked. We were on the phone for over an hour with the wireless internet help line, and still did not get service but were still charged.. We asked for additional toiletry items which were promised right away: the items never came! My husband was expecting a fax. They told us 2 days in a row that they had not received it, but it was there the entire time. They did not even bother to look for it. We will not stay there again... we did stay at Sklyine hotel for 1 night and were much more impressed with the rooms and service there! and it was cheaper!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	2	1	

<Author>GJSRotterdam
<Content>Good value, great location! We had a great stay in The Belvedere hotel. Friendly staff, great location close to Times Square en subway. Room is very clean and plenty of towels. Good beds. We stayed on the 7th floor and at the moment of our stay it was not renovated yet. Friends on the 17th floor had a renovated room and it looked very nice! Fridge in the room is very convienent. We did not have breakfast in the hotel, but went to the cafe in the Hilton at the end of the street. Very nice. We will go back to NY and go definitely back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lark419
<Content>HORRIBLE STAFF My best friend and I went to NY for a pre-christmas vacation and chose the Belvedere from a few hotels that my friend had suggested since they were near her home. The hotel itself was not too bad, the rooms were kind of dungeon-like and small but it wasn't a big deal. It was in a good location, but the thing that trumped EVERYTHING good about the hotel was the AWFUL STAFF!!Basically what happened was we put our bags in storage at the hotel for the day and when we went to claim them, one of them was missing. We asked about it and one of the bell men said he thought he saw another guest grab it from the shelf, and that he thinks he knows who did it. RIGHT. So the hotel staff went over 7 hours of surveillance footage (which they wouldn't let us see) and found that the bell man actually took the bag and blamed it on another guest. He returned the bag to the room discretely. SHADE-BALL! We also saw him get into a fight with a cab driver outside the hotel while we were waiting on a cab, he began yelling racial slurs at him. Very disturbing. To top it all off, the hotel did nothing to accomodate us as far as giving us a discount on our stay, despite that they ruined our entire nights plans and that one of their employees STOLE one of our bags. STUPID, STUPID people. DON'T STAY THERE, they don't care about their guests and they are LIARS.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>walterlinda
<Content>Belvedere, lived up to the review Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Belvedere. The location was perfect, staff amazing and the room beautiful. We stayed in an upgraded room for the unlimited internet for my 19 year old daughter, which she used every evening. The room was spacious and the mini kitchen very useful. We did the NY1 deal which included a great buffet breakfast. The rest of the day we just snacked. The hop-on-hop-off bus is just around the corner, if you buy your pass from the office instead of the street guys you get a discount for AAA or CAA. The half price TKTS was a short walk but had huge lineups, so we took the hop-on downtown to South Street Seaport where the line is very short and saw three shows in four days at half price. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daisy113
<Content>Really enjoyed the Belvedere I was in New York for a couple of days and found the Belvedere a gem. It was reasonably priced and the location couldn't be better. I had some issues checking in, due to a mis-communication with hotels.com, but the front desk was helpful and friendly, and it was quickly sorted out. The room was clean and spacious, and the staff were really accommodating in terms of organizing a later check-out time and holding onto my bags. Would stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>coolaussie
<Content>Top venue! Stayed in the hotel in early March 2008 [from UK], for 3 nights. Great location in NYC. Good room with good, but small bathroom. Hotel has a small well equiped gym. All the staff I spoke to were friendly, polite, helpful and cooperative.The breakfast.............Absolutely superb!............Fantastic choice! Overall, very good hotel, nothing negative to comment on, would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Masonpips
<Content>Overall Great Stay We just returned from a 5 night stay (May 22-27) booked online via hotels.com. We arrived very late on Thursday night and were greated w/great enthusiasm and courtesy and were in the elevator headed to our room in minutes. We had a regular double on the 8th floor and to echo other's comments, the room was a good size for NYC. The A/C unit worked fabulously (this is important to us!) and also served as white noise from any hallway noise. We might have heard a door near us shut a couple of times and voices in the halllway once or twice, but overall, the soundproofing was great w/the unit on! We slept in until almost 10 a.m. after our late arrival!The staff was excellent. Every single person greeted us, was friendly and willing to help. We easily received a late check-out (1 p.m.) on our last day which was wonderful for being able to go out that last morning and still come back to the hotel to clean up prior to catching a cab to the airport.The bedding is very nice and warm (considering we kept it freezing in the room) and the fridge was a godsend in NYC - having bottles of cold water on hand was fabulous. The bathroom was small, but manageable and we just showered in shifts!The only two issues both regard electricity. After blowing 2 fuses on two different days, I learned the perfect combination of blowing drying my hair in the kitchen area while having both the tv and the a/c unit on. Anything more was too much. I understand the hotel is old (and everything in NY seems to have power issues) so we worked through this, and the staff came immediately to re-set the fuse. The outlet situation is not good for women. There was one extension cord under one bed and in order to use a hair straightener and/or curling iron in front of the dresser/mirror, you had to unplug the nightstand light (and/or clock depending on if you wanted to move it over too) because there were no other outlets. Again, many of the buildings in NY have the same issue so I do not hold this against the hotel at all. The location is super, the staff is fabulous and I wouldn't hesitate to stay again and/or recommend the hotel. Watch websites for deals as we were very lucky to get a 4th night free by continuing to watch for specials.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYCforMe
<Content>Happy Repeat Customer I first stayed at the Belvedere in September 2004, and I was very happy with the room and the service, so I decided to take advantage of a stay 3 nights, get one free deal with hotels.com for a visit to New York with my daughter. We booked a King Executive room, and the hotel website stated that all the King Executive rooms had been renovated. We arrived too early to check-in, but got a call while we were at lunch offering us a queen room that was available immediately. I declined the offer and agreed to wait until a king was available. We arrived back at the hotel at 3:30 and were given a room on the 15th floor facing 48th St. We were very impressed with the renovations; the room looked, and even smelled, brand new. The entryway and bathroom were done in a beautiful brown marble, and the kitchenette area also had a marble countertop. The small fridge was hidden under the sink area, and there was a microwave and coffee maker, but no utensils. The bed had a pillowtop mattress and was very comfortable, and there was a small flat-screen TV on the dresser. There was a large closet with an iron and ironing board, a safe, and a hairdryer in it. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning the room every day, and we had plenty of Penhaligon products. I guess if I had one complaint, it would be that the towels weren't very soft, but that is minor! The front desk staff and the bellmen were very nice, and there was always someone there to open the door and greet us. They also stored our luggage and hailed a cab for us when we needed one. The location is great - it's close to several subway lines and near Times Square, but the street itself is very quiet. There is a fire station on the corner, but I live near a fire station at home, so I wasn't bothered by sirens at all. There is a 24-hour grocery store on the corner of 48th and 8th where you can buy snacks, drinks, sandwiches, etc. 9th St. has a lot of great restaurants; I recommend Vynl and Eatery, both within a few blocks of the Belvedere. My daughter and I both enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelh0p
<Content>Great hotel, big rooms We stayed here for 1 night before catching a flight out of JFK. We had a room on the 14th floor and it was great ! The staff were professional and friendly. Check in  check out were a breeze. The room was larger than we expected, especially for NYC, and the king bed was so comfortable !! Lovely light, warm duvets and pillows. The bathroom was small, and the bath/shower took a little while to drain, but it was managable. The room was quiet, even though we were located in front of the elevators. The long corridor between the front door and the bedroom area (with the bathroom and kitchenette located between) blocked any noise from the hallway. Location is fantastic, right near broadway and times square, and only a few blocks from the rockerfeller centre. Highly recommend Trattoria trecolori for dinner, just round the corner on 47th st. Excellent hotel, we would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jasperpoodle
<Content>3 nights at the Belvedere We just returned from 3 nights at the Belvedere hotel. I booked on their website and took advantage of the NYC1 package. The breakfast was very good, though I wouldn't want to pay the price for the buffett had it not been included as we are not huge breakfast eaters. As soon as we arrived our luggage was in the hotel before we were out of the cab. Excellent service from the bellman. Check in was quick and easy. They had a room ready for us when we arrived at 12:30pm, but it wasn't what I had wanted so we checked our bags and came back later. I'm still a bit confused as to what rooms were refurbished and which weren't. One person said we had a refurbished room and another said it wasn't. Despite that, we liked the room. We have been in NY several times and this was the largest room we have had. Nice and very comfortable king bed with white down comforter. Room was kept very clean. The bathroom is a bit small but I think that is par for the course. Look at the pictures posted by other travellers when you go to the Belvedere website. They are very good and true to likeness. We liked having the little fridge and microwave. The hotel is in a great area, always remember Hershey's and your street is easy to find. We ate at many of the near by places suggested by others such as Pigaelle's Bistro, Sombrerro's for Mexican, both on 48th and then we ventured to 44th and 6ish? to John's pizzeria. All excellent food. The subway is close and everything is in walking distance.You can't beat the price and it was definitely worth staying at the Belvedere Hotel.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rina4720
<Content>An Oasis Off Of Times Square If you are looking for a classy, low profile, well maintained and charming room in the mid-town area I don't think you could do any better than The Belvedere. I will qualify that by saying that we stayed in one of the Executive King Rooms on the 15th floor, and it appeared from a few elevator stops, that the hotel is gradually updating all the floors starting from the top down. Consequently, it may be that all the room appointments would not be as lovely as our room. The Executive King is large by NYC standards. The marble bathroom is glorious, great hot water and pressure, toiletries were Pennhaligons which were great. Lots of towels, nice robes. The kitchenette has a coffe pot, cups and coffee provided every day. No plates or utensils are provided. The small refrigerator was fine. The pillow top king size bed was very comfortable. The flat panel TV is not HD, but was fine and had a DVD player. A desk and two night stands, as well as a large closet, hair dryer and iron and ironing board made this room so easy to live out of for our 5 day stay. We had noisy neighbors one night of our stay and the desk responded immediately which was great since it was 3:00 a.m.! The neighboorhood for those who don't know NYC is classic mid-town west side, across the street from P.S. 17 which is the performing arts high school. Tress and apartments, just a step away from restaurant row and the great bistros and bars of 9th avenue. For Chinese try West Side Cottage Too, on 9th and 47th, for Italian you cannot beat Basilica on 9th and 46th. The Amish Market on 9th and 50th is a great grocery for snaks for the room, and hot foods as well. The hotel is within walking distance of most Broadway theatres, and so easy to get to and from on the 1, 9, A, C or E subway lines at 50th. We stay in NYC often, and hate the hustle of Times Square, but come to NYC to see as much theatre as possible. The Belevedere was so quiet and classy as compared to the madness of mid-town, and perfectly placed for a theatre vacation. We will definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PGALWAY
<Content>Excellent Location! Stayed four nights at the Belvedere. booked through the hotel's website and availed of the NYC package which included breakfast. Breakfasts were great - cereals, eggs, pancakes, salads, fresh fruit, yougurt etc. - really kept us going until mid afternoon. One small negative was that the tea and coffee could have been hotter. Rooms were great. We had a deluxe double double loads of room for three people. Again just one small negative was that the bathroom could have been bigger. Hairdryer, iron, ironing board supplied. kitchenette was handy with coffee machine. Planning a return trip and wouldnt even bother looking at a different hotel. Reckon it can't be beaten on price and location! Had read mixed reviews of the hotel but personally couldnt recommend it enough - after all you're in New York, you're not going to be spending that much time there, believe me!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Midlandbeau
<Content>Near to broadway Stayed at the Belvedere for 5 days, and found the experience most enjoyable.The hotel rooms were very clean and comfortable.Also the staff were exceptionally helpful and courteous.Can not comment on the hotel food as I ate out all the timeThe location was excellent ,just a short walk to all the action .I would use this hotel again for any further visits to NY.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ljk42
<Content>Good location Good room with a great location. Close to most touristyattrractions, restaurant row, and the theater district.Room was large and well appointed with micro wave and smallfridge. Didn't have restaurant on site and cafe for breakfast onlydidn't look that inviting. Maid service very slow and there seemed to be a large amount of young groups on site. All in all not bad but, would look around before going back when in City again.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Clayres
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Belvedere for my husbands 30th, and thought the hotel was excellent value for money. This is one of the biggest rooms I have ever stayed in in New York, we were up on the 16th Floor and had excellent views over East Manhattan. There is a small kitchen area, decent size bathroom, safe in wardrobe.We did not book breakfast, but went to Olympic Diner every morning which was spot on.We had no major issues with the lift and the staff were excellent, very polite and helpful at all times,This was an excellent location for Theater District, Times Square. The mexican restaurant on the corner was spot on, and not far from many restaurants, bars etc.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>tigerfanlivonia
<Content>Do it! We loved it! We went for the Tigers vs Yankees game. Stayed 2 nights. great rooms, great location staff helpful. We walked to Times Square, went grocery shopping and to the Social around the corner Great price during the week. It was wonderful and the Tigers won to boot!lindaLivonia, MI  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>EmsmumDublin
<Content>Loved the room but nothing else ! My husband and I stayed here in mid April 2008 following recommendation by friends. We are frequent visitors to New York usually staying on 6th Avenue.The room was beautiful with lovely furniture and small kitchenette area which included fridge and microwave. However the bathroom was absolutely tiny and corridoors quite grubbyStaff were friendly though.Location wise, its at least a 10 -15 minute walk to 5th and 6th Avenue though you have to pass through some pretty dirty/smelly streets. I wouldn't like to do this when it is dark.The fire station is just down the street so its pretty noisy at night !!The buffet breakfast was the worst hotel breakfast I have ever had and was average price for a hotel. orange juice came out of a machine and tasted like it was made from powder and water. Coffee was disgusting. On our 2nd night there about 3 people checked into the room next door at about 2am.soon afterwards lots of others joined them and they began to party ! However the hotel staff dealt with the situation pretty quickly.I realise tha this is something that could occur in any hotel.Though the room was lovely we would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>JLEEDg
<Content>Great Value The hotel was centrally located. Rooms were clean and a good size. I would recommend it as a good bargain for the money  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>benst
<Content>Good all-rounder This was my second visit to NYC. I chose the Belvedere because it was in a part of town I hadn't stayed before (midtown/theatre district) and because it got a pretty good wrap on Trip Advisor.We stayed in the Belvedere for 7 nights. When we arrived, we were surprised by the size of the room (larger than we were thinking) and the amenities (there was a little kitchen area). The decor/setup of the room was a little dated but this didn't matter - everything work just fine. Plus we were able to get a double room with twin King beds without any problem. The room and bathroom were both clean.Checkin/checkout was about as pleasant as you can get - no queues or issues. A minor gripe - the main bank of elevators was a little slow, but this was circumvented by going to one of the elevators at the end of the corridor.It was the location that really made the stay fantastic. It's a relatively quiet spot (with the mayem of Broadway a short block away) and there are dozens of great restaurants around - I hadn't realised we were going to be right near Hell's Kitchen.So in terms of balancing price/convenience/location/quality, this hit all the targets and I would be happy to stay here on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jmgWestSussex
<Content>Convenient hotel for Times Square My friend and I stayed at The Belvedere for three nights. The hotel is so convenient for Times Square, TKTS office (for cheap theatre tickets) and all the major theatres are a couple of blocks away meaning you only have a 5 - 10 minutes walk, Hell's Kitchen, Grayline All Loops bus tours (ticket office just around the corner about two minutes walk away), Rockerfeller Centre, Central Park. The Empire State building and 5th Avenue shopping are about 25 - 30 minutes walk away. We were on the 11th floor facing the front of the hotel. For us, it was high enough not to hear the traffic. The bell hops and doormen were so friendly and couldn't do enough to help you, and the same can be said for the front desk staff, who were friendly, polite and efficient. Make use of the free safety deposit boxes which are accessed via the front desk staff. The room had two double beds (lovely and comfortable, my friend wanted to ship hers back to the UK!). We made use of the fridge in the room, but didn't use the microwave or coffee maker. The only small (very small) criticism was that the bathroom tile grouting had seen better days and could do with freshening up. We would have also liked a full length mirror in the room. We would recommend this hotel if you are on a short break and want to be near the theatre district.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>puddey
<Content>We love The Belvedere       Breakfast  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>KLR_ParkCity
<Content>Good hotel, great location Close to Broadway shows. Walked to Central Park. Great restaurants in Hell's Kitchen. Double decker bus at night. The room was OK, but you're in NY, go out and explore. Neighborhood was great.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rmorgan456
<Content>we were very impressed first trip to manhattan for my wife and i and the belvedere turned out to be a great choice. we booked the ny1 special which included breakfast (fabulous, by the way). nice room, but the staff made our trip extraordinary. the weather was rainy and the desk clerk loaned us an umbrella. when i asked about a jazz club, the concierge reccommended birdland and made the reservations (just a few blocks away and a wonderful evening). everyone talks about the location...we never used a cab or the subway during our entire stay. we will definitely use the belvedere again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>deniseNjohn
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a week at the Belvedere Hotel New York City. I had checked Trip Advisor when chosing the hotel and most of the reviews were good so we made our booking. The hotel is in an excellent location just 2 blocks from Times Square and one block to subway stations and a short walk up to Central Park. It was very quiet at night though quite warm in the room and we needed to have the air conditioning on all night. We had a room on the 10th floor which was very clean and comfortable with small kitchen area. Staff were very efficient and quickly attended to any small problems we had. The porters gave excellent local advice as to where to eat etc and were friendly with our children who were very impressed with getting our bags taken out of the taxi and put on a gold trolley and taken up to our room! Its not often I am completely happy with a hotel but this is definitely one I would return to and recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarthaHershey
<Content>A good choice of hotel!! We stayed at The Belvedere in March and were a bit worried because of the mixed reviews but it was a lot better than we expected. Initially we were on the 5th floor and because we were at the back of the hotel it was really quiet at night. When a High School Group checked in they were quite noisy so we asked to move and we were put on the 12th floor. The room was fine with nice comfy beds and a decent bathroom.All the staff were really friendly and helpful, particularly Chris the Concierge who had lots of local knowledge.The location of the hotel was great, within walking/subway distance of all main attractions. Especially good if you have school age children as we did. We would definitely stay at the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ValerieF
<Content>Highly Recommended My daughter and I have just returned from a six night stay at the Belvedere and had the most fantastic holiday. It was our first visit to New York and it was everything we could have hoped for and more!! The city has such a buzz and people are so friendly and helpful. I had some reservations about the hotel based on previous reviews but our overall experience of the hotel was extremely positive. Our only complaint was that internet use was very expensive and kept on crashing although the staff were quick to over reimburse credit for future use.The reception staff were welcoming and efficient and allowed us to extend our stay for a late flight. without extra cost. We did not experience any of the problems with the lifts that others have complained about.The location was perfect for Times Square, Broadway and the Theatre District. Our room was very spacious with two queen size beds and a nice bathroom and small kitchenette.We did not have breakfast in the hotel but visited the Pigalle Brasserie on the corner of W48 St/8th Ave and can highly recommed it as previous reviews have done.There was just so much to see and do and not enough time so I am sure I will return in the not too distant future and will return to the Belvedere without reservation.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	4	4	1	

<Author>kat_lou1
<Content>great hotel I have stayed at this hotel twice previously. Check in was quick and easy. We had a double double room on the 11th floor. Our room was front facing and was quite a bit louder than the rooms ive had previously which were both backwards facing. The school opposite the hotel created quite a bit of noise, however not unbearable noise.This room was definately dated, the safe was broken and i could only open it by sticking my little finger into a small hole and dragging the door open. The radiator leaked and made the carpet a little damp. These were both bearable problems and didnt bother me, but did bother my partner slightly. On our second morning the toilet blocked so we went down to the reception to make them aware of the problems, the lady was very helpful and explained she didnt have a double double available until that evening so we could pack out stuff and put it in storage and then check into the new room later that day. When we explained we didnt need a double double and had only booked one as it had been cheaper on the internet than a king size, she gave us a king room on the 14th floor straight away. We promptly went and threw our belongings in our suitcases and moved rooms. The second room was excellent, the best bed i have ever slept in (i looked forward to going to bed just so i could lay in it) the room was still the same size and was backwards facing so the noise was reduced. We had no further problems and really enjoyed the central location of this hotel.The staff were all friendly and helpful, conceige booked us a town car for our return to the airport. We were very pleased and would not hesitate staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>RoxIt
<Content>"great hotel and location! Thanks to the positive reviews of your site I booked and stayed at Belvedere Hotel on Feb'08. Staff was helpfull and polite.Room was clean and average with a small kitchen corner (microwave/refrig/coffee maker ects).Good location and price for a short stay in Nyc.For my experience I can highly raccomend the hotel. I would stay there for my next trip to Nyc.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>st.nick
<Content>not very good Based on our research, we knew that the Belvedere was undergoing renovation. When we exited the elevator and saw the bare conrete floor we should have gone elsewhere but decided to stay. When the drawers to the armoire kept falling onto the floor everytime we tried to use them, we should have left. When we were preparing to go out to dinner and a show, the sound of chisel and hammer removing bathroom tile from the next room made conversation impossible. I contacted management. There was no apology, only the statement that the hotel tried to keep demolition between the hours of 9am and 5pm, when our guests are out and about. I was calling from the room phone so I am pretty sure they knew I was a guest and wasn't out and about. There were some other problems with missed messages and wildly fluctuating water temperatures in the shower that just added to the bad feeling about our stay. I wish that we had stayed elesewhere.The room was kept clean, the elevators not nearly the problem that recent reviews had made it out to be, and the breakfast was good.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ramchalice
<Content>Belvedere Badly Needs a New Heating System I've stayed at the Belvedere a number of times and have always been generally pleased. It is very well located for theater going and considering the very high price of NYC hotels, a good value. However, during my recent stay the heating system was a significant problem. The room had a window air conditioning unit, but no controls at all for the heat. We arrived back late at night and the room was stiffling. We called the front desk and were told someone would be sent to adjust the heat. We couldn't wait up long enough for the workman to arrive and only survived the night by opening the window AND turning on the air conditioner. The next day the heat was turned down and wasn't quite as bad, but we constantly were opening and closing the window and turning on the air conditioner to be comfortable. This hardly made for a great night's sleep.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AccidentProneTourist
<Content>Good hotel, great location, good price for NYC Room is large for Manhattan.Excellent location for theatre district.Quite clean. Staff are pleasant  helpful. But the hotel is being renovated in March '08, and it would really be unpleasant to be on a floor they're painting!If you don't book the NY1 package (which includes breakfast), an inexpensive breakfast can be had on 8th Avenue (turn left at the corner) in the deli there.We booked the Belvedere again for our next NY trip.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Smith24
<Content>I never got my room! I notified the hotel ahead of time that I would be arriving late at night from a flight and they said no problem, your room will be waiting for you. I even called them again when I got into NYC to remind them I would be coming in late. When I arrived at the hotel at 1 am they told me there was a plumbing problem in my room and they didn't have another room to place me in. They told me they went ahead and reserved me a room at a different hotel down the street--when I got there it was a horrible zero star motel that I couldn't even take my shoes off in because it was so dirty! I was very dissappointed in the Belvedere and would never recommend staying there.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>retireddublin98
<Content>Could not be more central From the time we arrived the staff were very pleasant and couldnot do enough for you. We would reccomend a stay here. Right next to Times Square and a bus stop 50 metres away. Book in advance directly with the hotel to get one of the Special Offers to include breakfast. The breakfast alone will keep you going throughout the day and they encourage you to wrap up some cold meat for a snack later.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nyinaug
<Content>a wonderful little place to stay! I'm not sure how we actually came to find the Belvedere...my sister and I were planning our trip to nyc and probably just googled something or other, found Tripadvisor.com and the Belvedere from there. It had great reviews/ratings, seemed like a fair price for Manhattan and was near to our theatre. We were very pleased with the hotel. We arrived early (before check-in time of 4:00) and had no problem in storing our bags with the bellman while we went out into the stormy/windy afternoon to explore the city. We, btw, had forgotten to pack umbrellas and were able to purchase them at the hotel giftshop which we found to be wellstocked and reasonably priced. We had a newly renovated double, double on the 14th floor I think, facing the street in front and found it to be very quiet. The rooms were a good size, included a kitchenette and were clean and maintained daily in a timely manner...just to show the quick service a bit, we noticed the drain in the tub was a bit slow/clogged our first morning and left a note, asking if they could please check into it for us. It was taken care of by our return to the hotel that evening. All of the hotel staff was very friendly and we really had no problem at all with the elevators or timing of them...the hotel was busy and bustling, but we waited a minute or two at most. I used the basement laundry one day and found it to very clean/bright with up-to-date appliances as well as snack/beverage machines if you were going to be down there for awhile. The hotel was well situated for everything we were doing...we were there the week and didn't take a single nycity cab. Granted, we did put alot of miles on our feet {the best way to get a real feel for the city} and utilized the subway  hop on/off (red ) buses a couple of days as well.It has been several months since our return from nyc and I am sure that I am forgetting some of the finer details of our stay but truly, it was a wonderful stay at a wonderful hotel. I would definitely recommend it to friends and family and would definitely stay again. In fact, we are...in May. Can't wait!! :)  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Shell58UK
<Content>Comfortable and well situated We stayed at the Belverdere for 4 nights from 14th March and couldn't fault it at all. We were lucky enough to get a free complimentary upgrade on arrival to one of the refurbished rooms at the rear of the hotel - floor 12 - which was comfortable, quiet and spotless, though it was rather warm at night (better than being cold though!). Having the little kitchenette including fridge is a very handy bonus. The newly refurbished bathroom had an excellent over bath shower, with glass door which closed across completely and also had an extractor fan, so there was no build up of steam. The sink surround had ample space for storage too. I think it is a matter of which room you are allocated with this hotel though - reading previous reviews. We had asked to reserve one of the refurbished rooms prior to leaving for our break, but was advised it would be at an additional cost, so we declined and were lucky to be upgraded anyway.The staff were always friendly and helpful and we had no problems at all with the frequency of the lift service. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, prefering to get straight out and about, so can't comment on that. When it came to checking out the friendly Concierge organised our pick up for the airport for us, which was prompt.It was situated really handily for Times Square and even more so for the Greyline (hop on hop off bus) depot, which was just around the corner. Other than the bus trips Uptown and Downtown, we mostly walked everywhere, as it was so central. There was also a litle shop on the corner (with flowers outside - I only say this as we thought at first it was just a florists!) , which was handy for supplies - we bought wine, milk, snacks etc from there.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelwithsons
<Content>Satisfied       Hotel Front  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>agy
<Content>2nd visit and still very very good value I'm staying here for a second time and I still think it is good value for NY. The room is very large, not beautiful by European standards, but clean, in good condition, dark wood furniture and light walls, etc. The bathroom is also in good condition and clean with no signs of wear or tear. The room comes equipped with microwave, coffeemaker and fridge! All in very good condition. The hotel is quiet, apart from the occasional excited teenagers in the hallway!The location is also good - there are lots of pleasant bars and restaurants on 8th and 9th avenues, and you can get away from too many tourists!I agree with a previous reviewer that the Internet connection is rubbish in the hotel - they should do something about it! Otherwise, though, a very pleasant place to be!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>stevebird
<Content>Perfect Location We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for 6 nights and had a great stay:Location - Perfect location, only a couple of blocks (less than 5 minutes walk) from Times Square, also very close to the Rockerfeller Centre.Staff - Very polite, helpful and friendly.Rooms - We were on the 14th Floor, very clean, good size, perfect for a city break.Lifts - Have to echo previous reviews, they are rather slow. Try the lifts at the end of each floor rather than the centre one's, we found these a bit quicker. The only slightly negative thing about or stay but really not too much of an issue.Breakfast - Didn't eat breakfast at the hotel so unable to comment. We really liked 'Pigalle' Brasserie at the end of the road, an excellent way to start the day.In summary, a great stay, will definately stay here again when we return to NY.Not hotel related but The View Restaurant at the Mariott Marquis hotel was a great experience, 360 degree rotating restaurant. Great views of NY whilst eating, brilliant.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Denis184
<Content>Exceptional Hotel  This has been our second trip to New York and our second time staying in this splendid hotel. What makes this hotel so special is the welcoming atmosphere which greets you from the second the door is opened for you revealing a stunning art deco style lobby and reception area, and the gleaming cleanliness of the whole of this area remains throughout the hotel and our room was cleaned daily to a standard which made us feel we were checking in for the first time!The hotel rooms, well when researching last year so many negative things were mentioned about how New York hotel rooms can be on the small side. OK if price is what dictates and you're not too bothered by this then no problem. But the Belvedere comes with two double beds as standard (in the executive room we stayed in this year easily a third double could have been accommodated), it also has in all rooms a small kitchenette area with floor standing fridge, microwave, coffee maker and safe all for a price booked through Hotels.com which appeared far more reasonable than hotels rooms with less facilities but costing more. The location of this hotel is great. Plenty of restaurants, coffee bars and local stores all within minutes walk as too Times Square, Broadway theatres and bus  subway. We really cannot praise this hotel enough and even if cost was not an issue it would be our only choice of hotel when we return to New York.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>franco-americaine
<Content>No Problems Check-in to Check-out Recently spent 7 nights at the Belvedere Hotel with my 21-year-old daughter. Overall, we were both very pleased with our stay. The hotel is well located, close to subway and bus stops--just around the corner from the theatre district, on a quiet and safe street.The hotel is well maintained, the lobby spacious and relaxed--you can comfortably hang out and wait with nobody bothering you. The staff is young, friendly and efficient. They routinely and willingly store luggage before check-in or after check-out, if needed. And give you receipts!We booked directly with the hotel's web site and took advantage of their Winter Special rate, which included breakfast. The breakfast caf茅 was attractive and, although the hotel was full, there was always plenty of seating and food. The hot and cold buffet offerings were plentiful and of good quality. But the house coffee was weak. Too bad, otherwise it was perfect--a satisfying way to start the morning and forgo lunch.Our room was on the 14th floor, and supposedly newly renovated. It was spacious, with two comfortable double beds, a desk, TV, chest of drawers, night table, good-sized closet and safe. There was also, near the entry and out of sight of the sleeping area, a kitchenette consisting of a sink, small fridge, microwave oven and coffee maker (if you like your coffee strong, bring your own).The only problems with the room itself were it lacked light and was overheated. The room was lit by two rather old fashioned lamps, no overhead, halogen or spots. There were no individual reading lights next to the beds, but a lamp on the night table in between them, so lights out for one is lights out for all. The room was so warm (in February, below zero, blizzard outside), we needed to put the air conditioner fan on all night and sometimes during the day. No problems with noise from other rooms or the streets below.The bathroom was clean and big enough, but not very modern--think 1960's: tub, shower curtain, fixed showerhead, inadequate lighting. However, there was always plenty of hot water. There was no place to put toiletry bags or a hair dryer (provided) other than on the toilet tank or the floor. And, as there was no exhaust fan, the room filled with steam after a shower. Another thing lacking was a full-length mirror, although there was plenty of space for one on the closet door or in the hallway. We found previous reviewers' complaints about the elevators being slow exagerated. There were no bad surprises with our bill, aside from a suspicious number of charges for local telephone calls. Lastly, A taxi was secured for our departure within seconds of our request.In spite of its minor imperfections, we would not hesitate to return to the Belvedere, as it is a well run hotel, nicely situated in Manhattan and a relatively good deal for New York, particularly if breakfast is complementary.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>mcatz
<Content>Best Four Days of My Life! When me and my best friend stayed here for 3 nights in February, we weren't originally planning on staying here. However, after browsing hotels, we discovered that many hotels required a check-in age of 21. Being 18 and 19 years old, respectively, we looked for a decent hotel that would allow the check-in age to be 18, and found the Belvedere!We arrived at the hotel at about 9 am and the minute we walked in, the bellhops grabbed our bags for us. Although check-in time isn't until 4, we stored our bags there. My parents had cautioned me that there was probably going to be a 5 or 10 dollar charge to storing bags, but that was not the case. We left our bags at the hotel for free, ready to explore the city. The staff had such good advice about where to go to eat, what to do, and the concierge was very knowledgeable about what bus tours to take, etc. Our rooms were an excellent size, the bathroom was lovely, and the best thing was that there was a fridge and microwave so that we could put drinks and other food in there and save a little money. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel, and if I ever get the chance to return to NYC, I will definitley be staying at the Belvedere hotel once again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reckeuph
<Content>Short walk to "Wicked" There are a lot of hotels in NYC, obviously, and a lot of reviews to check. As reviewed, this seemed like a nice enough hotel. I was fortunate to get a first hand review from a friend, so we booked a room for three for the 2007 Thanksgiving Holiday.Here is the bottom line: We enjoyed this hotel. It was in a perfect location for us, the rooms were clean and, for NYC, spacious, and we liked being able to take leftovers from Manhattan restaurants back to put in the refrigerator in the room.Now, some details: We didn't bother with the restaurant in the hotel. There are too many places to eat nearby that are less expensive.The hotel is just far enough off 8th Ave to be quiet, as these things go. This is especially true if you are on an upper floor in the back.I checked google maps to get directions to Wicked and was happy to see that it was just a few blocks away, as are most Broadway theaters. Wicked was dark that week thanks to the strike, but we went to Spelling Bee which was in the theater adjacent to Wicked. We also walked by the David Letterman/Ed Sullivan Theater, to Columbus Circle for the Macy's Parade, to Central Park, and to Times Square.I had some trouble with the for pay internet in the business center. This service is not provided by the hotel. The company providing this service was very helpful in fixing the problem and refunding my money.The front desk staff were very helpful as well, but we didn't see them very much.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KimmyCustard
<Content>Great Hotel! We booked this hotel as I had stayed here before (albeit 10 years ago!) and found it great then. Its about 3 blocks from Times Square so its quiet when you need the sleep after a hard day's shopping but not so far out that you need to ride the subway to get anywhere. The rooms are very clean, a little small as the beds are huge and very high but a great night's sleep every time. Towels are changed daily. Breakfast is the full American with everything you could want for breakfast there, replaced often and well cooked. We asked for help at the concierge desk in getting to the ferry for the Statue of Liberty, no 1 line from 50th Street goes straight there, the girl was very helpful. The doormen are also very helpful, if there is a restaurant, bar, shop you need, they are the boys to ask and if they dont know it, they know someone who does! All in all a great week, thoroughly recommend this hotel for a decent place to stay in NY. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PRamdas
<Content>Average I stayed in this hotel, August 2007. When I usually go to NYC, I stay in Queens where my family lives. However, this time when I went, I was traveling with my boyfriend. After doing a lot of research, i finally decided on the Belvedere. My three main reasons, were price, location and past reivews.I must say, we were happy to have a kitchenette. I was a selling point for us. The location was central. We were able to walk to fifth ave. times square and to the boat taxi., which took us all around Manhattan. We did breakfast once at the hotel and were not impressed. Also, the wosrse thing about the hotel was the elevators. Not sure if they got them fixed since we were there. They so beyond slow. After walking all day.... and being excited to get back to your room...the fact that the elevators took so long were realy a drag.But all in all, thee hotel was good.. just a bit dated. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>loveslife
<Content>new favorite hotel in theatre district I found this hotel perfect for my needs--good area, large enough room, clean, friendly staff, not ridiculously expensive. I even had a view--which is not often the case in less expensive New York Hotels. I booked an Executive double double and it was nicely renovated, and felt fresh. Perfect for going to plays, taking the subway , and finding good resturants close by.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>isee1
<Content>Good value and good location This is an excellently located Midtown hotel, based between 8th and 9th on W48th st. The rooms are a good size for the category this hotel falls in.If you want a quieter room ask for one at the back of the hotel, you'll avoid the early morning trash collection and kids arriving at the school across the street.Didn't have breakfast in the hotel. Only real gripe was the slow elevators. If you get a good rate then give the hotel a try.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>PaddySpurs
<Content>Value for money Hi All, My father and brother and I all stayed in a triple room at the Belvedere from the 24/02/08 - 29/02/08. It was my brother and fathers first time in NYC while I worked in Manhatten and stayed in a number of hotels in the City. The first thing all travellers need to realise is hotels in NY usually have smaller rooms than other cities and offer less value, I guess its a supply and demand thing!I based my bookings on reviews of others and have to say I was not disappointed. I booked the NY special package on the hotels website which undercut all web providers considerably. We got the buffet breakfast for the three of use for an additional 80USD for the five days. The hotel is centrally located and value for money. We requested a refurbished room and an early check in.I had the word games on check in as previous reviewers have noted. I was informed that all rooms had been refurbished and that the newest refurbished rooms were 75 USD extra per night.As our flight from Ireland landed at 11.30 am we were at the hotel at 1.00 pm and were promptly shown to our room on the 14th floor.The room with two double beds was suitable for our use and big enough to accomadate us all. The room was clean although the bathroom fittings were a little outdated. As a regualar visitor to NY this hotel certainly ticked all the boxes for location, cleanliness, staff and price and I would recommend the hotel highly.Enjoy  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kelwez
<Content>Couldn't Have Asked for Better!       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JadeT2007
<Content>Brilliant Hotel, In the one of the best cities in the World! Having stayed here last year and having a brilliant time, myself and my boyfriend didnt hesistate in booking this hotel again. We stayed here for 5 nights this febuary on a bed and breakfast board, and booked via the hotel website. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly, and were quick in e-mail correspondance. The hotel rooms are clean and modern with all amenities available in the room, fridge, coffee maker etc. The breakfast was great, with a large spread of american traditional breakfast, cereals, pastries and much more! A good tasty option to fill you up for your day in the big apple!!!The location of the hotel for me is a big plus for the hotel. Its literally 2 blocks from times square and if your a tourist this is helpful and its easy to get lost. Its also in walking distance of broadway, 5th avenue shopping and broadway. Also close by is the subway. To sum up location its so close to many sights, but far enough so that its not to noisy at night. New York is an amazing city, and i cant wait to return to the city and the hotel already. This hotel offers great value for money with a gorgeous place to rest your feet after all that walking!!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>hjepobst
<Content>Great place to stay for a vacation with your girlfriends! Stayed at the Belvedere in August with 3 of my girlfriends when we went to NYC for vacation. This hotel was perfect in the sense that while you're in NYC you only need a place to crash and take a shower! The room was big enough for all of us, our luggage, and our shopping bags we aquired while there. The staff was great and helpful at all times. THe room we stayed in was a little outdated, but very clean and not noisy at all. Its in a great location...only 2 blocks from Times Square and the subway. THe bathroom was a little small, but that's the only negative I have to say about this place. If you're looking for a resaonably priced, adequdaely sized hotel near all of NYC great attractions, then I highly recommend this place!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SeemaLeeds_UK
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back from The Belvedere and had to share my experience after some of the bad reviews this place has had. Check in/out was quick and the staff were polite, the concierge was knowledgeable and helpful, doormen were attentive and the porters very friendly. Can't complain at all!We had a room on the 16th floor which was spacious for a New York room, clean and well equipped (apart from lack of cutlery in kitchen area but am sure if you ask at reception they would send some up!). The bed was huge and very comfortable. The bathroom was large enough with plenty of towels and a hairdryer. There were some toiletries provided but if you have forgotten yours or they are not adequate there are plenty of Duane Reade's where you can pick some up at no great cost. Being on the 16th floor we did not have a problem with the lifts being full. If you are staying on the middle floors, it would be wise to set off 5 mins early as the lifts may be full when they arrive at your floor and so you may have to wait for one.The hotel is in a great location with plenty of restaurants, bars and shops in the area. We had breakfast every morning at The Olympic Diner just around the corner from the hotel-good selection of breakfast items and cheaper than the hotel. Also recommended is Sombrero-a mexican restaurant a couple of door down from the hotel.Last time I came to New York I stayed at the Four Seasons but would rather stay here next time and save the money to shop with. The rooms are more luxurious at the Four Seasons but when you go to New York you hardly spend anytime in your room as there is so much to see and do.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MissChick
<Content>Better than expected I'd heard that hotel rooms in NYC were generally small, but had read good reviews of the Belvedere and was recommended by a friend so booked a room. I was pleasantly surprised at both the standard and the size of the room.We had two double beds, a well-equipped (but slightly small) bathroom and a small kitchenette area. The beds were comfortable, the room was clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Facilities were good and the air-con worked well!The hotel is well-placed within the city and we found some great restaurants on 9th Avenue.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dollyshols
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location! Having looked at many different hotels for our 3 night stay in New York, we decided on The Belvedere having seen the reviews on Trip Advisor.The check in stated was 4pm but we arrived at 12.30pm and got shown to our room straight away. It is a great location on West 48th between 8th and 9th ave. We had a twin room and it was spacious (unlike another NY hotel I stayed in before) with two double beds, bathroom and kitchenette with sink, microwave and coffee maker. Everything you need.The hotel did have a restaurant and room service facilities but we did not use them so I cannot comment. We were on the 3rd floor and unless we opened the window it was not noisy at all.The reception staff were very friendly as were the door men and bell boys everyone made sure we enjoyed our stay. We checked out in the morning but were not flying til the night but they kept our bags for us safely.We had a drink at the bar in the Hudson hotel which i would go to and the W hotel has a couple of good bars Woodbury Common Outlet is great to go to if you love shopping you need to get a bus from the Port Authority at $39 return but there are loads of bargains to be had!We also did the Sex and The City Tour which was $42 each, we diod not book in advance and were lucky to get on as was booked up. It was a good tour though!I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Villasmart
<Content>Great location and price!! I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel Feb. 8 to Feb. 13, 2008 while attending the Westminster Dog Show. This is the 5th time I have stayed there. This time there was a group of 6, we had 3 double-double rooms. For the price, it is hard to beat! We always find the staff very helpful. The furniture does need upgraded as does the TV, but it is clean and comfortable and that is most important. Location is fantastic! Subway a block or so away, Olympic Diner around the corner on 8th Ave. wonderful for breakfast. Ask for Gloria if you go. She as been there for years and remembers us year to year. Nice having a door man always on duty, especially when coming in late at night.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>larneboy
<Content>Great Central Hotel Stayed for 4 nights in the middle of February and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms and how close this hotel was to everything.The hotel as has been mentioned is only 2 blocks from Time Square and has quite a few restruants and bars close by (The Social Bar just round the corner is excellent). We had a room at the back of the hotel and never heard any street noise at night. The room was quite big with 2 double beds, fridge and a small half kitchen with kettle etc. The room was clean and the cleaners did a good job keeping it that way every day. As mentioned the hallways were a bit dark and gloomy.I found the staff very helpful and polite, it was my first visit to New York and they gave me some great tips.All in all if i was going again i would certainly stay here again..  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Queenshill
<Content>Excellent location, great hotel       Our room  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Cunningham8
<Content>Just OK This hotel is well located just two blocks from Times Square and the Theatre district. It also is in a relatively quiet part of 48th street. The reception staff, portering staff and concierge were all really helpful and polite and I couldn't fault them. However we found the bedrooms very tired and especially the bathroom which was very dated and the supply of bath products very meagre, ie. one hair shampoo with conditioner between two and one body cream lotion. It was great to have a small kitchen with a microwave and fridge but we had no knives, forks, spoons, plates or dishes of any sort. The only crockery available were mugs and glasses. The corridors were extremely gloomy with very old drab decor but having said that there were workmen about who looked like they may have been applying some paint but we didn't see much evidence of that.The continental breakfast was fine but expensive for what you got.We had a great stay in New York and overall the hotel was ok, just not great. The Mont Blanc restaurant beside the hotel was full of ambience and warmth and we would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>callieq
<Content>Beauteous Belvedere! Beauteous Belvedere! I stayed in the Belvedere about 4 years ago. Upon check in and reading the reviews here I heard there was some construction going on. We politely asked if we could have a renovated room. Well, we were 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to a suite on the 15th floor. The hotel was sold out too! The room is the same size, maybe a tad bigger but totally renovated. Marble this, flat screen that, attractive linens galore. We heard through the grapevine, that the 15, 16th and 17th floors will be renovated and the rest of the hotel will stay the same. Our room had a view looking out the front of the hotel. It also had a sink outside the bathroom, microwave, and fridge in the hall space. The bathroom is tight, but eye catching. The room space/ bed space was very big and decorated very nicely. The room was occasionally on the warm side, but the thermostat on the wall worked great and cooled us off. Even though it was a Monday and a holiday- President鈥檚 Day, and vacation for many local K-12 students, we only paid $169 AAA rate + tax. I thought this rate was awesome! Most reputable and distinguished hotels were not going for less than $300.00. Now, I ask myself, would I have been happy with a non- renovated room at this price. Well from what I remember, yes. The rooms are very adequate for my needs (overnight stay from CT, a Broadway show and dinner). The staff was very kind and, I would never hesitate recommending this hotel to anyone! I love the location too of this hotel. It鈥檚 a 5 min walk to Time Square, but far enough away to forget about the hustle and bustle. Restaurant Row is right there and there are tons of restaurants/ bars in the area to choose from. You can walk to Central Park and Rockefeller Center. If you are on a budget and don鈥檛 mind the absence of a pool this place will fit your needs. If you are looking for a 5 star experience, I would think elsewhere. Have an awesome trip!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yves
<Content>Great hotel for a fair price       our room on the 10 floor  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>budget option select this hotel mainly for price in times square locationif you dont have great expectations and need just a sleeping place this hotel is perfectmy room was big in size with a small half kitchen (sink+microwave) dont know if that is standar in every room but i like itits and old property with all the cons  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>whitSF
<Content>Do not stay here! I heard there was construction going on at the hotel so I called ahead and ask for a room far away from this. They put me in a room directly below it! I stayed there for two days. On the second day, there was no hot water for the whole morning prior to checking out (it was off at 6am until at least 11am). When I called the front desk they were difficult and rude. They offered no help or time line as to when the there would be hot water. I've stayed at maybe a dozen NYC hotels - this one has larger rooms than most, but by far the WORST service.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>FlyboyPA151
<Content>Other than some word games - no surprises After comparing multiple Theatre District hotels on Tripadvisor, I chose the Belvedere based on the overwhelming good reviews and the price point. I usually use Kayak.com to set a price benchmark, but interestingly enough, the Hotel's own website undercut that price by a good $20/night at $169/night for a one night stay in a King Deluxe room on January 26th.When I called to make the reservation, I asked for a recently remodeled room and the receptionist was very coy about giving me one, saying that they assign rooms at Check in. After a little pressuring by saying that I would just make my reservation elsewhere where they could guarantee a specific room, she said she blocked off a refurbished room for me. A very good - but deceptive - choice of words, as I would find out later.The morning of our departure, I realized that in making my reservation, the receptionist nor I had ever discussed a rate. I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach which was substantiated with a call to the hotel to confirm the rate of $169 (plus tax) a night. As it turned out, they had my reservation down as $199/night and I had to talk to a manager to get them to honor their own online rate (he didn't even know about it until he went and checked the website himself). In adddition, I asked the manager about having a renovated room and he said that was $75 MORE a night and went on to say that I had a refurbished room, which apparently means only a few things have been upgraded, including the mattress, linens, etc. Be careful when you book and make sure you are aware of the use of these words by the hotel!Because the rate was still a good one for the area, I kept my reservation and upon arrival, the check in experience was nothing like the experience over the phone. The door was opened by the bellhops and my fiance and I were greeted warmly by everyone in the stylish, clean lobby. There were no surprises at check in and our room was ready within minutes of our arrival.As a side note, the hotel is located in the theater district, but a bit off the beaten path. It's a bit seedy, but it could be much, much worse.As a previous reviewer noted, the elevators were slow, but since were were on the 16th floor, we really didn't mind the wait. The hallway on the 16th floor (as well as any other un-renovated floor) was small, a bit dated, but clean and neutral odor. The room was not as dated as I expected and was very clean. The marble entryway and bathroom was spotless and very inviting. The linens were clean and soft and the view from the 16th floor (room 1603) was actually very nice. One noticeable absence however, was the lack of in-room climate control for heat (there is a window A/C unit for the summer months). Regardless the room was comfortably warm and we regulated the temperature by using the A/C unit's thermostat to keep it at a constant 67-68 degrees.I was a bit disappointed to find that Wi-Fi costs $10 for 24 hours, and they even charge for use of the business center, but I will note that there were at least 4-5 other unsecured wireless signals that my laptop was able to receive - even from the 16th floor.Overall, the experience at the Belveder Hotel was unremarkable, but it did meet expectations for the price paid. You will not be surprised - either negatively or positively, but you will not regret staying here either. Although they have not given me a reason to not try other hotels, they do get a solid recommendation as a reliable, clean stand-by if all else fails. Just make sure you confirm your specific reservation, room type (renovated vs. refurbished) and rate prior to arrival and all will be well.On a side note, Pigalle, the french bistro located a block away is an excellent restaurant. I highly recommend the escargot there - very tasty and done just like I had them in Paris!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	2	2	

<Author>FamilyManTraveller
<Content>Excellent hotel value in Midtown We stayed at this hotel for one week in early July 2007. We were able to get a good deal for the hotel room from Expedia. We were very pleased with the location and services at this hotel. This high-rise hotel was refurbished a few years ago from its original apartment residence and there are still a few longterm apartment tenants but you would never know it. Our room accomodated two adults and two teenagers without it feeling too cramped for a Manhattan hotel. The washroom and beds were clean and fresh daily. The lobby, surroundings and indoor environment were well maintained, bright and inviting. It has a central location (two blocks from Times Square, near a couple of subway entrances) that allows easy access to all that Manhattan has to offer. Surrounding restaurants within walking distance were plentiful and reasonably priced. The staff were all friendly, pleasant and accomodating. Definitely a real hotel jewel for families in Midtown and we will be back here the next time we visit New York City.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AmishLou
<Content>Rooms very nice, BUT... We stayed in a King room on the third floor. It was a recently remodeled room and we were very pleased with the look of the room and the size of it. By New York City standards, it is HUGE! The bed was comfortable with nice linens. However, I would probably not stay there again for several reasons. The worst thing is when you step off the elevator onto your floor you feel like you're in a college dorm. The hallways are narrow and didn't have a fresh smell to them at all. The elevators are very slow and very small -- each time we waited for one on our floor to go to the lobby and the elevator would open, it would be packed with people. Since we were on the third floor we ended up using the steps to get to our room. The worst thing was the noise. The road noise was awful but I realize it's NYC and it's always noisy. The problem is the windows are not very airtight so you could hear everything from the traffic to the kids coming  going to their school across the street. We thought to turn the fan on for some white noise but found that there is no climate control in the room. The people in the room next to us were watching TV till 3 in the morning and we could hear it all. The maids were out in the hallway talking by 9 AM, which woke us up. The bathroom is very nice but could be larger -- there is no place to put toiletries. A shelf would have been very nice. There is a small refrigerator  microwave which is nice, but I would have preferred a much larger bathroom instead. My husband  I had to take turns getting ready. The breakfast buffet was pretty lousy -- nothing special to it at all. After the first day we decided we'd much rather eat breakfast at a NYC deli. So there are pros  cons -- the price was good ($189), the room was very clean and nice, but the noise bothered us enough that we will look for a different place to stay next time we're in the city.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>TheBrowns-NC
<Content>The Belvedere is the perfect location.       In front of The Belvedere  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BelfastSue
<Content>excellent hotel We are just back from staying at the Belvedere and would highly recommend it. It is clean and in an excellent location.Times Square and Broadway is 2/3 mins walk and The Rockerfeller Centre is about 5/10 mins walk. All the staff are friendly especially the Doormen.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>critique2
<Content>ok but....... stayed here with a group of girlfriends. The rooms were clean and a reasonable size for New York. Our bathroom was very tired and the bath taps were hanging off the wall. The mastic around the bath was in need of replacement (quite dirty)..The staff were excellent. The concierge desk was very helpful with the exception of one girl who couldn't be bothered.Stayed at the Roosevelt last time and preferred the hotel and location but the staff were less friendly. (We couldn't get the accommodation this trip)Would I stay here again, probably not.The Mexican restaurant a couple of doors away was very good. Great Margaitas and very good food at reasonable prices.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>pk teacher
<Content>Great Location We recently spent 3 nights at the Belvedere on 47th and 7th Ave. The location was great with only a short walk to Times Square. Four ladies stayed in one room which was a bit crowded but was nice with a microwave and frig. The room had been refinished recently and was very comfortable. The staff was very accomodating answering our questions, getting cabs, helping with luggage, etc. with a very friendly attitude. This was my fourth visit to NYC, and this was the most convenient and comfortable location. I would recommend this hotel for a fun and comfortable stay.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheLondonGuy
<Content>The Jeckle  You don鈥檛 not get a lot of Hotel in NY unless you pay a small fortune. The only good news is that the Belvedere is cheaper than some (but hardly cheap) and the location is very good. Now for the bad news: unfortunately this Hotel has two types of rooms: 鈥楻emodeled鈥?which give you a 4 star experience and 鈥極ld Dirty  Worn Out鈥?rooms which give you a 1 star experience. It appears to be pure chance to which type of room that you are allocated to, as the rates tare he same. Even in the 'new' rooms, the heating and LCD TV does not always work properly. The breakfast in the Hotel caf茅 is very mediocre and very expensive @ $17.95 pp, but is sometimes included as a special off-season deal. (But even if you get it for free, it still does not taste great!)Intrusive building work (the drilling and banging of room remodelling on the 16th floor) was taking place during my stay, very near to my room. They did move me when I complained to a room directly below the noise. I did write a letter of complain to the manager and he/she simply ignored it. Even a simple 'Sorry' would have been nice.You can probably get better standards for your money elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	-1	3	3	-1	

<Author>11NYC_Traveler
<Content>Inept for business travelers The Belvedere, which is a clean, relatively modern hotel, should be avoided by business travelers or those needing internet access. First, while they advertise wireless access they only provide it at $9,95 per day. ok. However, it is an unreliable system as each day I have twice not been able to relog on and each time the hotel want to connect me, to technical service in some voice mail jail of a third party provider. After waitng far too long I have demanded a second username and password; which for 2 days they just gave me. Today they refused. They they put someone on the phone who claimed to be the manager . Imagine a manager dealing with a guest's log on issues. This place is definitely mis-managed. So, I finally said I refused to waste my time on their problem, and await technical support as my computer works all over NYC wirelessly and has here also. So, I am finally just accessing the net via my phone and avoiding their poor service. In addition, its only 802.11b and for $9.,95 a day you would expect at least g service. Finally, I will simply share the the sheets are cheap the bed spreads look like my grandmother's and the chair did not fit in front of the desk so the desk was useless. Other than that, so far, and I'm 4 days into a 6 day trip, its been ok. I think I will check out a day early and just never return. I come to NYC every 4 weeks and have found plenty of other more enjoyable places such as Casablanca, Hotel 373, Club Quarters or the Residence Inn all of which accomadated my needs just fine. I just like to try new places which is why I ended up here, but not again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Giulius
<Content>Decent midtown hotel Excellent midtown location, not noisy. Older, nice-sized rooms with frig, microwave, iron and board. Tiny TV with game controls but no DVD player. Good heating. Decent workout room, lobby staff courteous and helpful. Deals available through Expedia. I paid $170 average per night for a single, a steal considering location, room size and amenities.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>fins823
<Content>Fine, just fine We had a pretty uneventful stay. Staff was very nice and accomodating. We were originally in a room on the 8th floor and found it wasn't high enough (in terms of street noise) and they easily moved us to a room on the 14th floor. If you're a light sleeper, I would definitely recommend the highest floors. We had no problems dropping off and the valet parking. Room was a decent size by NY standards and a good location for midtown. The decor could stand a little updating, and especially the hallways which looked a little worn and dreary, but wasn't a big deal. Try the French place right up the street for breakfast.A previous poster mentioned a trip to Woodbury Commons, but it is in New York, not New Jersey - about an hour northwest of the city. A definite must if you have the time.All in all, a positive experience. It's amazing the price of the room and the accommodations (we found a deal at $250-$350 a night), but that's New York for you - nothing is cheap!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Maggiepie
<Content>Don't tell our secret The Belevedere is a great little hotel. It was a very last minute trip and we were hoping for a good price. We booked thru Jet Blue website and could only get a double bed room. When we arrived and breezed thru check-in our lovely Desklady asked if that was what we wanted. I asked for a kingsized bed room and was given a very nice corner room with a king on the 14th floor. Small kitchenette with sink, fridge and microwave. Comfortable, clean, quiet with a very friendly staff. Great location. Close to Times Square and all the theatres and restuarant row. Try the Delta Grill on the corner of 48th and 9th. Elevators were fine, just a little warm. Remodeling of 17th floor was no bother. Would most certainly come back again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Isabelle66
<Content>Liked the situation I went to NY some days before Christmas 2007. The goal was to find a not too expensive hotel, quite central.Hotel Belvedere is for that the perfect catch: few blocks away from Time Square, close to the Metro... Moreover, the hotel was clean and very quiet. What else to ask ?To be recommended for sure!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYLisaNY
<Content>Not so great I do not think this hotel deserves the rave reviews that it has received. The rooms are small and mediocre and the service is substandard. First and foremost, the road the hotel was on was closed. This may not seem like a big deal, but in the TImes Square area, it can literally take 45 minutes to go around the block. Therefore, not knowing the road was closed added more than 45 minutes to our trip. In addition, there was no way to drop people or luggage off in front of the hotel. What is most upsetting about this is that the hotel admittedly did nothing to notify its guests when it knew of the road closing at least 24 hours in advance (ie emails or posting notification on its website). We never saw a door man or porter in the hotel. When we upset our frustrations, the management simply stated they we sorry we felt that way.If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive hotel this is okay, but there are much better places at similar rates in NYC  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>LABUNNY
<Content>Great Location for Trade Show  I stay at this hotel whenever I have a trade show in NYC. It's about $5-7 cab fare to the Javits Center. It is close enough to the convention center, and at the same it is near Hell's Kitchen/Times Square. They are a lot of great restaurants around this area, so if you feel tired, you don't need to walk too far to find some great affordable restaurants. There is also a supermarket nearby called Food Emporium. The hotel service is not the best, but it is OK if you don't expect too much service. The rooms are clean and roomy enough for NYC standards. What I like about this hotel is that it has a small kitchenette (microwave, sink, fridge, and a coffee maker).  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>gillprior
<Content>Great       View from hotel  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minskyuk
<Content>Ok for the money. good location, go out for breakfast! We stayed over Christmas 2007 and found all ok. Check-in was slow. Rooms quite warm. Elevators really inadequate you'll be waiting for ages (tip - use the service elevators at the end of the corridors). Noisy staff in the mornings. Make sure you're in the exec rooms - they are ok (not really exec). DONT have breakfast in the hotel - it's really expensive and not good. Try the Red Flame next to The Algonquin Hotel (59 west 44th) - it's excellent. The Belvedere is in a really good location.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>xj355ic486x
<Content>Perfect!!! I visited the Big Apple with my Mother and sister Dec 11-18 and stayed at the Belvedere 49th st. As soon as the cab pulled up we was treated like royalty. The looby is very clean and the staff were very friendly. We stayed on the 14th floor and had a really good view of the city. The rooms very quite spacious, only one little bother was the fact that there wasnt enough sockets to plug electrical things in. This wasnt really a big problem we just had to take it in turns to charge phones etc. The inroom entertainment is very good. There is a choice of pay per view movies which include many films that are still in the cinema. It works out at 拢6/$12 per movie.I'd read some reviews about the lifts being quite a problem. I didnt find it to be a big problem. I think the longest we waited for was 3mins.There is a cafe within the hotel which offers a breakfast buffet for $18/拢9 if you like your food and will eat most of the buffet then it would probably be worth the money, but if you only wanted tea and toast forget it you still had to pay the buffet price. (It probably seems like Im writing a negative report Im really not just trying to give a well rounded account of the hotel.A very good place to get breakfastt is the Olympic diner on 8th avenue. You turn left out of the hotel and when you reach the bottom of the street turn left by the flower shop and about 6 shops up you'll see diner. It was 拢3 for 3 huge pancakes, Tetley tea which was very hard to find in NYC, juice and water. They were very nice people in there too!Times Square is literally a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Turn left out of the hotel and keep going on straight. You have to cross the road by the flower shop but keep going straght and you will see a Hershey shop, look right and you will see all the Neon lights. I heard reception telling someone a 10-15 min walk. Its is honestly a 5min walk if that!Macys is down to the flower shop, cross the road to the right by the Brazilian grill and keep walking straight down to 34th st then cross the road and walk 2 blocks and you're there. Probably a 20min walk and there is plenty of Bargains to be had. Take sone ID i.e passport or drivers Licence to prove you do not live in NYC and you will get a discount card for 11%. You have to go to the info desk which is up some steps by the watches.For bargain hunters Woodbury Common in New Jersey is a must. You can purchase a ticket to go from the grey line tour operators who wear red coats and are on every corner especially Times Sq. Its $40 and an hours ride away. You can get Timberland boots for $40/拢20!!! I paid 拢90/$180 in the UK. Footlocker is very good too. You will be asked to sign up for a loyalty card, just say yes it does not go through bank it just gives you money off. I had vouchers for $25 off $100.Applebees is a really good place to eat, its alot cheaper in Woodbury Commons because they dont have city tax but its still reasonable in NYC. Duane Reade which is only practically every corner is a good place to get snacks and drinks to take back to the hotel. With the rooms having a kitchenette you can store plenty of things. The fridge is very big too.I would definately stay at the Belvedere again! The staff/room was fantastic. The whole Hotel was spotless. You could not beat the location! The Rockefeller Centre is a 10-15 min walk away. The empire state just by Macys. The best way to get around is to buy a Gray Line hop on hop off bus ticket. A 48 hour pass is $50/拢25 and worth every penny. They stop at Times Sq, Macys, Ground Zero, Statue of Liberty, Wildoff Astoria, Central Park amongst lots of other stops!I hope this review has helped! If there is any questions please contact me! I will be happy to praise this hotel more. I would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suzstav
<Content>Good location We stayed at The Belvedere for a quick weekend Christmas visit to the city. It's Westside location was good for getting in from Newark Airport, but it you're coming in from La Guardia or JFK you may want an Eastside hotel. But it was close to the theater district without being in the middle of it, and within an easy walk of Rock Center, Radio City Music Hall and all the holiday stuff we wanted to do. Hell's Kitchen and the far west side (9th Ave, even 10th to a degree) are much better now than when I lived there 15 years ago -- great restaurants and fairly safe -- so The Belvedere was a good choice for price, cleanliness, location. The staff were very accommodating. The rooms weren't large, and the views stink, but who spends time looking out a hotel window in NYC??  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>flaburthe
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, if.... Very Nice Hotel, if.... you book an Executive room. Those are the newly re-decorated/updated rooms. I did take a look at a standard room and it was a little run down.The Executive room is well appointed, good size, comfortable bed, flat screen TV.There is no room service, but the hotel is surrounded by many good places.Nice staff, rooms are clean, location is very convenient to Time Square.Would definitely stay there again !!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>SitiMurni
<Content>Excellent location!!!! We were intially sceptical based on travel reviews read. Upon arrival (8am), they gave us a good room w/o additonal charges. Room generally clean though heater didn't quite work (fast enuf) to warm the room in winter. The location is perfect as it is close to Times Square yet away from the hustle  bustle, it's just a 5 mins walk!Will we go there again....definitely, but hopefully we can find a better rate (paid US799 for the first nite and approx US350 for subsequent 2 nites).It was our first trip to NY and the hotel did enuf to make us wanna come bck to NY and this hotel.Siti Murni, SingaporeTravel Period 8-11 Dec 2007  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cheshirelass095
<Content>Excellent Value and Service Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. Budget hotel, but very clean, excellent helpful friendly staff. Breakfast place around the corner (Olympia) cheaper than the hotel, fast efficient service very cheap. Only negative factor the slow elevators, but everything was excellent value for money. Only a couple of blocks from Times Square and within walking distance of Macy's. All of Broadway on your doorstep. The room had a microwave, coffee maker, fridge and sink.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lafemme1975
<Content>Excellent value, location, need I say more? I'm just back from a 4 night stay (3rd -7th Dec) in The Belvedere hotel in Midtown Manhatten. 3 of us travelled over from Dublin; myself and my 2 sisters (25 and 16) for a few days of sightseeing and shopping. Having seen the hotel on the hotelconnect website I tried to book it with them but unfortunately they had no availability so I managed to get a booking on the hotels web-site. I can't rate this hotel highly enough; we had a double double i.e a room with 2 double beds and having read reviews of the hotel I was concerned the room might not be big enough for 3 avid shoppers but there was plenty of room for us, our belongings and all the extra belongings we picked up along the way. The hotel is literally 5 min walk from Times Square and about 10 min walk from 5th Avenue. We walked everywhere.....as everything was so accessible! There are loads of places to eat on the same street as the hotel although we didn't try any of them. The hotel also has a restaurant although we didn't eat there either; I would however recomment La Pigalle which is on the corner downa bit from the hotel and Maxies is the next block down. La Pigalle was very handy for breakfast as it's a 2 min walk on your way to all the sites anyway. Id read reviews about slow check-in and waiting on lifts and from our experince we didn't encounter such problems....in fact check-in is from 4pm but prior to leaving Ireland I emailed the hotel to see if it would be possible to have our room ready on arrival as we expected to arrive at about half 2 or 3pm ....having heard nothing I figured we mght not be so lucky but low and behold our room was ready and waiting for us. We were checked-in and in our rooms within 5 mins, staff on reception were extremely friendly, professional and helpful. We had a room on the 5th floor...we did find the room a little cold as a draught blew in around the air-conditioning unit but it was easily fixed by placing some shoes against the curtains to hold back the draught and it didn't warrent complaining to management about. One of the evenings we returned to our room to find a chinese take-out menu under our door......a little strange considering the restaurant is downstairs but on our last evening we were so shopped out that we couldn't manage leaving the comfort of our room so we ordered in and there were no complaints! Top tips for a first-timers trip to the Big Apple: 1: take the open top bus on your first day as you'll get your bearings much quicker and get a real feel for the city, try and see the city from Top of the Rock and the Empire State, we never got to the ESB unfortunately, 2: if you like shopping you have to go to the Woodbury Common Outlet....its $39 pp by bus form the Port Authority. We got our tickets through the hotel concierge but get there about a half an hour befre th us leaves as there might be a bit of a queue. The journey is about an hours drive upstate but so worth it! We shopped til we dropped.....literally!!! 3: A cheaper alternative to the Liberty/Ellis Island ferry is the Staten Island ferry...we missed the last ferry but hopped on the SI communter ferry and the views were just as good. If going this time of the year try to get the 4pm ferry....as the sunset is amazing on the way out and you get to see the city lighting up as you come back. (Hope to include some of our photos later) 4: The Rockefeller Centre is amazing and will really get you in the mood for Christmas! Shopping wise; Woodbury Common is worth it, give Century 21 a miss unless you're a fan of TK Max and like to rummage!! I was a bit disappointed with Macys, maybe it was just too big and busy but I was looking for a winter coat and didn't see anything I'd wear but maybe that's just me. We never made it to Bloomies....but there's always next time. And you can't go to New York without visiting Tiffany's......and you'll be surprised at what you can actually afford! And not forgetting Ambercrombie and Fitch...well worth a visit if only for a photo of the half-naked male model in the door-way!!!! All in all we had a great time and had no problems while we were there, in fact we're already planning our return visit to the Belvedere.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr. Pub
<Content>Believe the Reviews....The Belvedere is a Great Stay My wife and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Belvedere. The hotel exceeded my expectations.ROOM: The rooms are small but not tiny. Our first night we stayed in a standard room. For the next three nights we moved to the 15th floor, which has been renovated and appears to be an executive level floor. The room was much nicer than the standard room and had marble floors, better spacing, and nicer furniture. Specifically, we were in a corner room (#1501) which is slightly larger and has two windows. You actually have a good view of the Hudson River from this room. I paid $75 per night extra to be in the upgraded room and would do it again in a heartbeat. I will request this room when I return. Check out the NY1 internet rate on the hotel website; this includes a full breakfast buffet for occupants each morning.LOCATION: On West 48th Street between 8th and 9th Avenues. I liked this location better than the mononlithic 5th Avenue hotel we stayed in last time. This feels more like a neighborhood. Within one block: Duane Read (a grocery/pharmacy chain store), Pigalle (a great casual French brasserie with great beer selections, and many other restaurants. The Theater District's Restaurant Row is only two blocks away on 46th Street and we walked to all of the plays we attended. Lots of restaurants and shops around. Other than the occasional ubiquitous emergency vehicle siren, noise was not a factor.FOOD: We ate breakfast in the Belvedere Room several mornings and found it to be pretty good with a lot of selections.SERVICE: The hotel has doormen and bellmen; also a concierge. We found all of the staff to be very friendly. There is a gift shop with newspapers, soft drinks, toiletries, and souvenirs. I thought the elevators ran just fine and I never had to wait over a minute or two. The lobby is well appointed with Art Deco furnishings.VALUE: With holiday rates averaging over $500 per night in many hotels, I found the Belvedere's rates to be fairly economical by New York standards. Only if I got an unusually low rate at a name upscale hotel (W, Renaissance, Westin, etc.) would I stray from the Belvedere.My only complaint: the Business Center has four computers for internet access, all of them for hire at 0.25 per minute. They actually have bill acceptors and credit card swipers for each one. After sinking my $5 bill for 20 minutes of e-mail reading, I was disappointed to find the service s---l---o---w. It took me over four minutes to open the first e-mail. Lockups were frequent.In summary--Trust the high ratings the other Trip Advisor reviewers give the Belvedere.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ExcitedToTravel_68
<Content>The Belvedere - Service at it's best Staying at The Belvedere was a great experience. The hotel itself was beautiful. The rooms were spacious and confortable. The service was more than we expected. I loved everything about staying there. On the same block there was a corner florist. The flowers were gorgeous and really set the mood everytime we walked past it back to the hotel. The best feature was the pricing. Because it was a few blocks from the hub of Manhattan, we were able to pay a lower rate than had we stayed right near Times Square. However, it was so close, it was just a few minutes walk to that area. And being in NY, walking was half the fun. I have recommended this hotel to many friends and family. I look forward to another visit.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>musogirl
<Content>Brilliant! My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights for our honeymoon in November.We arrived late in the evening after a delayed flight and the staff were very friendly and helpful.The had a nice king bed in it and big tv, good kitchenette and nice bathroom. There was also a safe in the cupboard which we kept our passports in whilst we were there.The location was excellent, walking distance to most attractions and the subway was easy to reach. The breakfast was also good especially the pancakes!We went in the middle of the theatre strikes and the show we were watching was cancelled. The theatres reopened on the last day and the BRILLIANT concierge managed to get tickets in the orchestra stalls at really late notice for us.I would highly reccomend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ann003
<Content>Excellent hotel Loved every minute of our stay, my daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere on a 5 night trip, we booked directly with the hotel and chose the NY1 special which includes a full american breakfast. the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful the room was very clean and had two double beds.The hotel is in an excellent location close to times square and rockerfeller centre and broadway.We had a lovely holiday and will definitely be going back to New York and we will be staying at the Belvedere again. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Little Jenny
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed here for three nights. The hotel is about five minutes from Time Square. The staff were very helpful and the room was spacious, clean and well furnished. We tried the breakfast one morning which was very nice with a wide choice of different foods. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ireland77Ireland
<Content>Loved the Belvedere Stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in November, 6 ladies (between the ages of 29 and 48) and 2 rooms, we had ample space for 3 in each room and it never felt too crowded even with all the suitcases and daily purchases we made!! The hotel was clean, warm and comfortable and the staff were all very nice and helpful. We were up early every morning and gone for the full day between sightseeing and shopping we did not have time to sit around the hotel and find fault with so much to see and do in he city!!! We thoroughly enjoyed our experience in the hotel and would defo go back there again. It is in a perfect location, a block from times square and within walking distance of Macy, 5th Avenue, Rockefellar centre and central park. We walked absolutely everywere but what better way to get the feel of the city!! I would recommend La Pigelle on the corner for breakfast and Hurleys restaurant one block up from the hotel for steaks!!! We also felt extremely safe around the hotel and the city in general. The hotel was just perfect to come back to after a full day of walking, sightseeing and shopping. The room was cleaned everyday and fresh towels placed in the bathroom. We also did the hop on hop off tour which we found to be a great help and got us to places we may not have seen otherwise!! It is worth $50 for the 48 hour useage. The TOTR was absolutely brilliant and the views were amazing!! I would also recommed using the staten island ferry for a view of the Statue of Liberty, its free and it gives an excellent view. Woodbury Common was also worth the trip out!!! We just loved everything about the city and the hotel was the perfect base for us to come back to!!!It may have been our first visit to NYC and the Belvedere but it certainly will not be the last!!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DestinyFarm
<Content>Wonderful jewel We stayed at The Belvedere for three nights on our first trip to NYC and found the hotel much, much better than expected. The location in Mid-Town was excellent as a base for getting to all the major sights we planned to visit. Our executive double bed room was very clean withcomfortable beds and the amentities exactly what we required. Without exception, the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. They offered great restaurant suggestions on Restaurant Row (within 2 short blocks). The Bellman were the best, especially Louis and David. They stored our luggage upon check-out for several hours until our flight and arranged a clean, safe car and driver for our departure trip. I had read reviews about the slow elevators and we did not find that to be a problem. However, we did plan our arrivals and departures around the busy checkout hours. What I really appreciated, was the quiet location on 48th Street. After all the noise of getting around the city, it was very quiet and restful back at the hotel. We enjoyed our stay so much, that we extended our stay by an extra night. We will definitely stay there again. An excellent value hotel for NYC.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ling12
<Content>Belvedere, as always, Rocks! We stayed at the Belvedere for the third time this October for a 5 night stay. As has been the norm, we were met with exceedingly friendly service and everyone went above and beyond to ensure our stay was comfortable. One experience that portrays this is on our first night, when we were unable to open a bottle of wine that we had purchased. We called the front desk, and someone was promptly sent to our room to open the bottle for us! That鈥檚 definitely above and beyond what they have to do to make sure a filled hotel runs smoothly. Everyone is very friendly and accomodating, as are the rooms. We did not experience the problem with the elevators that others have expressed, though they may be limited, they ran consistently and the longest that we had to wait for one was 3 minutes max. Of course location is primo as well. We will never stay anywhere else and will recommend the Belvedere to all who go to NYC!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WestCumbrianLass
<Content>Belvedere is great! I've just read the other reviews here and I have to say this. I have stayed at the Belvedere 3 times, for 7 nights each time. On every occasion I have never had a complaint to make about the hotel. The first 2 times there was myself and my mother on an extended shopping trip. Hotel is conveniently located 5 mins walk from Times Square and about 20 mins walk from Macys. It is easy to get back to to deposit your shopping and get back out to do the sights without wasting a lot of time. The 3rd time I was there with my family (parents, husband and 6 month old son). I asked for a crib on arrival and one was delivered within the hour to our room. Rooms were spacious enough with 2 double beds in each, plus floor space for all your shopping - definitely take an empty suitcase!! Bathrooms adequately sized for 2 people in a room.We never ate in the hotel as there is a great diner just round the corner, and the deli on the corner is 24 hours. Food Emporium 2 mins walk up the ave will provide you with a smorgasbord of culinary delights.The subway is just a block away (A/C line) and you can of course transfer to any other line from Times Square station.Yes, there is a fire station at the corner of the street, yes the taxis honk all night, yes the bin men come every morning but hey, it's New York. It wouldn't be right if there was no noise!!I cannot fault this hotel - I wouldn't have gone back if I had a problem. It has always been reasonably priced, within walking distance of most major attractions (Statue of Liberty is a subway ride away). Check-in desk staff are friendly, the doormen are wonderful, friendly and polite (especially when staggering back in the early hours!) Never used the concierge for advice as have been many times before. Internet access available down in the lobbby (take dollar bills). The lifts are slow so if you're on a low floor and are able to, just walk up/down the stairs. Alternatively, nip down the corridor and use the service lift!Seriously, I think this hotel is great and have recommended it to several friends. I'm about to book a week in NY for next Easter and the Belvedere is at the top of my list. I can't wait!!Please feel free to ask me any questions about our stay(s) and trips, I will gladly answer them.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raveman2001
<Content>For the price I got can't do better in NYC I got lucky and paid $170 canadian. I see that $250 or more is possible for this hotel, so book wisely. For the price I paid it was a great deal for the location. Doorman and valet were ready on arrival. Couldn't check in at 11am but took my bags and asked if I wanted a call when the room would be ready. Got back to the hotel at 4pm and room was ready. I was pleasantly surprised, for New York was a good sized room with a king bed, nice simple furniture. Bathroom was nice, had some marble and there was a sink, microwave and fridge in a small kitchen style space. Decent size closet as well with a safe. Plently of TV channels and very helpful staff. Bellmen always prompt. I noticed the heating is controlled centrally which is odd, and one time we felt the room getting cold but the heat came on.It is a block and a bit away from Times Square, and while is 3 star, is prob as good of a 3 star as possible. Try to get a deal, you'll do better than a lot of other budget hotels in NYC that are 2 star.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cmarcin444
<Content>Terrible, Expensive, Zero Friendly Staff, Dont Make the Mistake! Me and wife stayed at the Belvedere, for two nights because we have a convention there, so there was no option in choosing another hotel.As you can see in the hotel web page they charge about $600, per night, so obviously you expect the maximum service, comfort and luxury for that price.We arrive at 12 am in a thursday/friday, we were received, not welcomed by two ZERO FRIENDLY employees one name Julio, who told us at main desk there was a problem with the reservation and they have no rooms, the only one it could give us was a room that this day have reparations for the walls! So it will smell a little bit rare.(This was strange because i was in a large conventioonAs we get to the room at the 4th floor by the way, this room was small, a lousy TV, (not plasma or luxury, remember the price)and with a window very thin in a veri noisy street, ahh one little detail the garbage truck passed by 2am to nights in a row, just below the window so imagine the sounds at this time.By the time we were leaving, we also were insulted by doorman, which told us, that he cannot undertand my english.A terrible experience, for almost half the price i stayed in another hotel from a big chain, in a better location, just check prices, and hotels, but DONT STAY AT THIS ONE.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>ZacmanMontreal
<Content>Never ever again ...big time disappointment!!!!!! Where to begin....I booked through the manhattan club website...I requested a deluxe room with 2 queen beds...and received confirmation...upon arrival, I was very surprised that my room was far from deluxe and had only 2 double beds...I promptly went to the front desk to enquire and was told that there were no rooms with 2 queen beds. I then asked if I could upgrade my room, I wasn't asking for a freebie, I made it crystal clear that I was willing to pay any price to switch rooms...I was told that there were no rooms of superior quality....so...my 4 night stay became a 1 night stay....I spent the next 3 nights at the Parker Meridien...much more expensive, but at least you get what you pay for...This experience has left me wondering, where exactly is the room that they show on the manhattan club website, it actually looks quite nice, but not at all like the one I was given...so buyer beware, if you want an economical room, this may meet your standards, however, do not expect much or you will be bitterly disappointed....  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	4	-1	2	2	-1	

<Author>iainskye
<Content>Excellent Location for a Great Price We stayed here for 3 nights after a lot of searching on the internet. Great location for Subway, Times Square, Shopping  felt safe at all times. Room was large enough for 3 adults sharing. Good powerful shower. I would recommend this hotel for those not wanting to spend a fortune on accommodation and save their money to shop! Only one problem a very annoying squeeky bed.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LouLouDudley_UK
<Content>The Belvedere is fab!!!       The view from our room  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kels0
<Content>Good for those on a budget! I have just returned from a stay at the Belvedere, NYC and value for money wise am quite pleased. Let me start off with the good: it was under 拢500 for the 3 nights. It's pretty central, a 3-5 minute walk to Times Square, would be better if it was 1 block to the east but whatever, walking is the best form of seeing New York anyway. Service was good, Chris the concierge was very helpful with attraction ticket and general NYC advice. Room was spacious, bathroom was nice.The bad: there is no room service, the breakfast was $17.50 and bit of a rip-off, the room we stayed in was forward facing onto part of 48th street and im not even sure it was double glazed as you could hear every little noise. Bearing in mind the yellow cabs honk at each other well into the night, and the bin men come every morning prompty at 5am making a racket to wake anyone. Overall though value for money it is just what you expect, a reasonable hotel though there are definately better places to stay in New York, if you're on a budget however, the Belvedere is for you.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>SimRio
<Content>Belvedere Hotel NY. OK, but if I can choose, not a choice The Hotel is located on 48th, beteween 8th and 9th. One block to the East and location would be much better.Room is OK, bathroom too. No amenities. Only shampoo-conditioner and body lotion, bad quality. Not even shower cap.But no service at all. We asked the bell man to bring luggage upstars and waited for more than one hour. Each time we called they would say it was on its way. Finally I decides to go downstairs and discovered I had to show a ticket to get the luggage upstairs, ticket that no one had asked me before. Elevators were crowded at all times and very very slow. It took some time to go up and down.Breakfast was included and was OK. Rate was USD300,00, although october seems to be a pretty crowded season.If I have a choice, won麓t stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	2	3	3	1	3	

<Author>ClaraKatz
<Content>Be sure and check your reservation a million times The hotel really screwed up our reservations. We booked through AAA for 3 people. We even confirmed it with their reservation dept at the time over the phone. They denined it.I wrote and complained to AAA upon returning home. The Hotel is no longer on AAA's list of hotels in NYC.I knew my instincts were right! I wanted to jump behind the front desk and rip the AAA signs off their walls!Note: another party from Scotland had the same trouble with reservations as we were checking in.BEWARE! when making reservations. Get names, call several times to confirm...as their reservation dept STINKS!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>jdr132
<Content>Would consider staying here again I stayed at The Belvedere for one Saturday night. Since it was a last minute trip, I had trouble finding a hotel with rooms available. The Belvedere was available and I paid nearly $600 for an Executive Room on the 15th floor. It was a newly remodeled room and was nice, When the elevator would stop on other floors, they looked dated, The 15th floor was nicer. Everything was fine. Nothing terrible, nothing spectacular. The location is good for most of the popular things that people do in Manhattan. Although I will probably try a different hotel the next time I am in NYC, I would not have any problem staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>analissa
<Content>no hesitation in recommending the Belvedere Thanks to the previous recommendations of this excellent website we have just returned from a very enjoyable stay at the Belvedere. We were warmly welcomed by the reception staff and delighted with our large double double room on the 12th floor. The hotel was spotless and as we had booked directly with the hotel an excellent breakfast was included in the price. The hotel is located on a relatively quiet street within five mins walk of Times Square and close to the subway which we mastered with no problems at all and we felt safe at all times. I visited the following attractions etc based on information trailed from the New York forum section and would like to recommend the following ; The New York Party Shuffle bus tour.Use of [--] for discount printouts for theatre tickets.Hurleys restaurant .(go out front door turn left ,cross to the Pigalle walk straight on and it is on the RHS.) Very reasonable and excellent food.Top of the Rock for fab view of the city.Jersey gardens shopping outlet.A walk in central park and a snack in the Boat House restaurant.Restaurant row in west 46th street 8th avenue.... two minute walk away.Maceys... a lovely store with good choice of food downstairs.Carmel private cars for return journey to the airport.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Barsar
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location       The Belvedere  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UTAHRULES
<Content>WOULD GO BACK IN A HEART BEAT Location was great, couple of blocks from time square, food and shopping. I can't say enough about the hotel staff -helpful,kind  they cleaned the room very.well. The door man was a nice touch. We were greated with smiles by the whole staff.. The concierge was out standing and really helped plan our time with many suggestions. Rooms are not large but it is well laid out. They have a mini kitchen area and a little grocery stores around the corner to stock up. I suggest taking the tour bus approx. $35 per person. It takes you all over the hot spots. And you can get off the bus and take as much time as needed to sight see (bus runs every 20 min) Take extra cash as eating is not cheap. We kept things to munch on in our little kitchen area and ate one good meal out.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>keetseel
<Content>two thumbs up! booked reservation directly with hotel and received NY1 rate which come with full breakfast for 2, (kids pay half of full price which is around $9) breakfast was exceptional. Staff very courtious and helpful. Hotel location is quiet . Walked everywhere without any hassles. For Broadway shows - highly suggest using TKTS booth loacated at Marriot Marquis on 46st and Braodway for best ticket prices. (most shows avail, except very popular ones eg..Jersey Boys, Wicked.. Given great seats without asking!! Note - Hotel concierge quoted much higher price for Phatom tickets than what I actually paid for them at TKTS booth (booth opens at 3pm and line does build, but moves along quickly). Can't recommend any restaurants around the hotel that I ate at (both Italian food)---they sucked! poor service, over priced and food lacked taste and quality. Wished I would have tried the mexican food place next door though - the food there looked good. Recommend hot dogs from the street carts. Wanted to eat at HOP KEE in chinatown ( recommended by a local), but never made it . As for the room - you get what you pay for. It was comfortable, small bathroom, blah blah blah...I didn't come to NY to sit in a hotel room all day. 2 adults/2 kids slept great regardless of air conditioner noise. Maids kept room very clean, have no complaints. Use service elevators at end of hall. Workout room had it all - no pool thought. WiFi wasn't free and signal only good, couldn't find an outside connection. Final words - Just book the hotel and be done.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cajan
<Content>Great stay!!!!!! Just returned from NYC, and The Belvedere was the perfect place to stay. Enough can't be said about the location. So close to Times Square and Broadway shows. But the neighborhood the hotel is located is very quite. Also, Gray Line tours is right around the corner and subway is about 3 blocks. With that said the hotel staff was very heplful and courteous. We were able to get last minute show tickets with the help of the conciere. Thanks. The staff did everything they could do to make our stay enjoyable. Next, on arrival we were told they did not have the king size bed that was reserved. But, if it would be alright we would be upgraded to a newly renovated room. This room was decorated and furnished very elegantly. Even though the room was somewhat small in a European style. It was very comfortable. And the bed was so comfortable it was a pleasure to crawl into after a day of shopping and sight seeing. Finally, we booked the NYC 1 rate. This included the breakfast buffet. This buffet was top notch food no contenental breakfast here.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JimNin
<Content>Location, location, location If you want to be near Time Square and Broadway, the location cannot be beat. Room was clean, furnishings up-to-date and the bed very comfortable. Nothing fancy -- but well appointed. Noise from hallway and street was average (our room faced 48th Street) -- not bad considering it is New York city.Grab a drink at the Mont Blanc restaurant next door (take a left out of the hotel) -- a Swiss restaurant that will make you feel like you're in Europe.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PADUk
<Content>Good stay at The Belvedere Stayed at The Belvedere between 11  17 October. The room was clean, comfortable  larger than we expected. The bathrooms were small though  had some inconveniences which I have reported to the hotel. We had breakfast in the hotel on several days  found it good. Plenty of places to eat to suit all tastes,  in all price ranges, in the area. The real strength of this hotel is the staff who were unfailingly cheerful, helpful, polite  welcoming. Any problems we had were dealt with without delay ie our TV did not work because someone (not us) had removed the batteries from the remote. We had no problem with the lifts. As other people have mentioned, don't miss the Top of the Rock  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scovo
<Content>Okay hotel but definitely has some quirks! This hotel is okay for the price. It was one of the most reasonably priced hotels I could find in Manhattan but it definitely has some quirks. When we checked in they only had one king-bedded rooms left so the couple we were traveling with settled for 2 doubles. Their room was on the 5th floor and the hallway smelled horrible. Luckily they didn't notice the smell in their room. When they got to their door the swipe keys wouldn't work so they had to go back to the front desk to get them reset. Instead of apologizing, they said Well they should have worked! The second day they asked to be moved to a king room so they were moved to the 17th floor. Again their keys didn't work. We were on the 16th floor - our room was nice enough but had an odd layout. There was a long hallway upon entering the room. The bathroom was tiny - the toilet was literally 2 inches from the wall. That was great advice that someone gave about using the service elevators at the end of the hall - they were so much faster. I noticed that when the elevator stopped on the 15th floor, it looked like that floor had been recently remodeled. It had dark wood doors and more updated carpet but I didn't get to see a room. We heard that there might be a taxi strike the day we left so we asked the concierge to book a limo to take us to the airport. It was half an hour late! We were so nervous about making our flight but i guess that wasn't the hotel's fault. One evening the bellman recommended a nearby restaurant - Tremonti's and it was the best pizza I've ever had! Overall our hotel experience wasn't bad but wasn't really great either. My two favorite things we did on this trip to NY were the new observation deck on top of Rockefellar Center (we bought tickets at about 5:30 so we'd be at the top for sunset - it was incredible and much nicer than the top of the Empire State Bldg) and the other thing was sitting at the outdoor bar at The Boathouse in Central Park (it was a gorgeous day and we had a blast there).  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vbgirl12
<Content>Great place to stay I was at The Belvedere hotel from 10/11 - 10/14/07 with some of my old high school girlfriends. We were pleasantly surprise with the size of the room. It was perfect for what we had in mind. The concierge was wonderful in giving us advice and securing Broadway tickets for us! The staff was friendly and the door man helped with transportation requests....The hotel was in walking distance of Time Square, the subway and the theatres. The only negative would be that there is not an onsight bar/restaurant. Other then that, I had a wonderful time and would come back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Babygaybe
<Content>Great location. Very good value for money in New York. My partner and I spent 7 days in total at this hotel this month, (Oct 2007), and were very pleased with value and service.Location is excellent; central but no noise disturbance at night.We stayed 5 nights in an executive room; ( this was an upgrade we were given free on arrival). The room was very spacious-6ft bed and loads of space around it. The room also has a fridge, a microwave and a coffee maker.Clean and newly decorated; it was a really comfortable and welcoming place to stay.Staff all very pleasant and helpful.We had breakfast one morning and there was plenty of choice from the buffet. However, unless you book a bed and breakfast deal there's no point in being pinned down to the hotel for breakfast as there is such a vaste choice in the streets all around the hotel.There is no night bar to sit and chill out in but there is a fantastic little restaurant/bar just a few yards away, (the Mont Blanc); we ate there a few times and we used to stop off for last drink(s) on the way home. There is a lovely walled garden at the back which has a intimate and relaxed ambience. The owner and staff at this restaurant are really friendly and the food and wine were good too!Round the corner, (to the left), on 8th Ave, there's a coffee shop/supermarket with internet access which is open 24hrs. Two coffees for about a pound!Round the corner to, the right, on 8th Ave is an information shop where you can buy tickets for all the tours. Big savings when buying multiple sights. Don't bother doing the 3 hour boat trip. It feels like it goes on forever!About 100 yds past this tour shop is an Indian restaurant called Indian Fusion. The restaurant has been open about 2 months and is beautifully laid out. The food is fantastic! You take your own wine/beer so that's a great saving. Loads of eating places nearby and a short walk to all shows.Some sites give the Belvedere 3 stars, others 4. I'd say 31/2! After staying the 5 nights we went to visit family in Philadelphia and returned to the Belvedere for the last 2 nights of our holiday. On this occasion we were given the standard room we had booked and this was less roomy-though I'm told by a friend who has done New York a few times that it was a reasonable size by New York standards. There was still a 6ft bed but less space around it. The bathroom was very small. There was still a fridge, coffee maker and microwave.The only complaint was that the air conditioning was very noisy for the first 5 nights and I really struggled to ignore it. On the 2 night stay the air conditioning was reasonably quiet.We'll be going back to the U.S.A. next autumn and hope to spend a few more nights in New York. We will definitely use this hotel again. Review submitted by middle-aged, (lesbian), woman  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hennerspenners
<Content>Great Location, Comfortable Hotel The Belvedere Hotel is situated on a side street off 8th Ave. It is 10 mins walk to Time Sq and 20mins to Central Pk. The staff were very helpful and polite. I requested a quiet room before we arrived and that is exactly what I got (apart from the air con but you will be so tired after all the walking you won't notice it). I shared with 2 friends and the room was a good size for a city centre location. It also had a fridge, microwave and coffee machine. We flew into Newark airport and caught the train to New York to Penn Station, this was a good 1/2 hr walk with cases so we caught a cab back to the airport which cost $70 but was much better. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iluvbelvedere
<Content>Loved it! Classic hotel located right in the heart of the Theatre District in Manhattan. The location and service was definitely worth the price. We stayed for 10 days and the hotel was clean and spacious. The staff was friendly and helpful. Walking distance to almost everything because of its location. Would stay here again without a doubt!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>camkbm
<Content>a few quirks A group of four of us were upgraded to an executive room, which was nice, but had only one chair. The beds and linens were lovely, but we had to call every day to ask for more than two towels (we were paying $30 extra for four people in the room.) Also the lovely bathroom is covered in mirrors, while there are NO mirrors anywhere outside the bathroom. That created quite a problem when getting dressed to go out. i agree with the previous reviewer about the lack of cutlery, mugs, etc. in the kitchenette. There was no trash can in the kitchen either.On the positive side, the bellmen, doorman, and desk clerks were very pleasant and helpful. We had no problems with the slow elevetors.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Count of Monte Crisco
<Content>Very Good Experience Pros:Large, clean, newly redecorated room.Very comfortable bed, lots of pillows.Beautiful dark marble bathroom.Second sink outside the bathroom.Microwave and refrigerator.Friendly, helpful staff.Great location just two blocks from Times Square.Cons:We could hear everything going on in the room next door.Air conditioner was very noisy as it cycled on and off.Overall it was a very good experience. All calls to the front desk were responded to courteously and promptly. We arrived at the hotel very early on Saturday morning and they held our bags until our room was ready. We went out and explored the city. They called our cell phone when our room was ready. They also held our bags after we checked out, because we had a late flight out.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stweaver
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I booked this hotel on Hotwire, which was my first time and kind of scary. However, after paying 269 per night for the hotel, and finding out about it on TripAdvisor, I was pleasantly surprised. The previous reviews about the hotel were fairly accurate. Some complained about the elevator being slow, but we were on the 6th floor, and found that we did not wait long. The room was a good size, the bathroom a little small, but for 2 people, very adequate. It was warm when we visited, so the air conditioner was used, it worked fine. The front desk staff was very helpful and accommodating. Concierge gave us some good tips. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean. The window opened a few inches. Room is very quiet with window closed. Our room faced 48th Street, which is not as noisy as it seems it would be. Hotel very close to Times Square area, a five minute walk, Rockefeller Plaza, most theaters, and several lines of the subway. We were very happy with the hotel and the room. Did not hear any construction going on, although we had been warned there was some construction in the hotel. Would stay here again for the same price. Door man and others in lobby very helpful. Hotel loaned us an umbrella on the one day it rained. Good restaurant Olympic Restaurant around corner for breakfast, inexpensive and fast. Leaving on Saturday, door man found us a town car to airport, $65 all-incl. to airport, taxi is at least $40 plus tip and tolls. Town Car much more comfortable, pleasant. Small complaint, hi-speed wireless isnt exactly hi-speed, and it is $10 per 24-hour period. Instead, ask for the 15-minute complimentary pass to use computer in business center if all you need to do is print your boarding passes!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>prhuk
<Content>Loved the place - a really good place to stay! What a great little hotel! Coming from a previous stay at the horrid New Yorker Plaza it was such a relief to find this was so much better for a similar price and still very central (a short walk to Times Square). Whilst it is not especially impressive on the outside (in terms of 'wow - look at this') and had a fairly small but nicely presented lobby, the room we were given on the 17th floor was just fantastic. Good sized (but not large), bright, very clean, colourful, well decorated, very comfortable and a lovely bathroom. It also had a large fridge, microwave and ice bucket in a small kitchenette area which was very handy, and a safe in the room (free) plus a flat screen TV with a dvd player. Gym was small but good too, and you could also do your own laundry there in the basement which was really useful. A great find and highly recommended to anyone. Only one minor downside - too few lifts so waiting for them was often lengthy.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Charlie-Wonderdog
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere We stayed 6 nights in early September 07. Upon check-in we were told that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room on the 17th floor. The room was modern and very comfortable and big by NY standards. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom excellent. My only complaint would be that the air conditioner was a little noisy at night. This is a fantastic location within walking distance to Times Square and Broadway. There are coin operated washers and dryers in the basement which were handy. Its not cheap but nowhere is in NY. This hotel is good value for money.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>megpotts
<Content>Hotel pictures and description mislaeading Two things about this hotel are really good,i'ts position and the cleanliness of the room.The not so good things are the so called kitchenette,there was a fridge,microwave,coffee maker,2 mugs and 2 glasses,no cutlery,or crockery,what is the point of a device to heat up or cook food when there are no plates to put the food on or tools to eat with.There was no extractor fan in the bathroom so inevitably the bathroom was all steamed up and you couldn't see to dry your hair or do anrything else.There was only one chair in the room which was being used by two people Breakfast was either continental or full buffet ,Being English I assumed that continental was ham and cheese,and helped my self to a slice of bread, some ham and cheese and so was charged for full buffet.The things that surprised me most were no room service and no bar.you could have food in your room but you had to take it there yourself,as one old gentleman discovered when he asked to for breakfast room service for his wife and he was given some pastries in a brown paper bag not unlike a Macdonalds bag.The staff at reception,and the door man were ok but not very welcoming nor did they ask if we had enjoyed our visit.The man in the little shop attached to the hotel could hardly bring himself to speak,and just mumbled.The maids were very friendly and kept our room very clean  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Yolandil
<Content>Unaccommodating We arrived in New York after a 24 hour travelling time at around 09:30am. We were tired and needed a much needed shower and bath. Apparantly there were NO rooms available for early check in. I also e-mailed the hotel 3 weeks before our arrival to request early check in, they did not even replied. Their guaranteed check in time is 4pm. And guess what we only got a room at 4:10 pm. They did not even try to accommodate us. For the price - not value for money at all. But hotel is central to all the attractions in New York. Room walls are thin and can hear every sound from the guy next door. Aircon is very loud and noisy. All floors and rooms are extremely hot. Breakfast is OK. Won't stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mackyUK
<Content>painfully slow and dysfunctional lifts I stayed at the Belvedere in January 2005 and give it five stars because of its great location and it also offered a fine service for two people.I have decided to review it again because I revisited the hotel in September 2007 over Labor Day weekend and with three people in the traveling party.Despite booking for three people, the rooms only had 2 queen beds with two adults sharing one of them. The cups, towels, coffee, chairs were all for two people despite paying for three and giving staff constant reminders that there were actually three of us stopping in the room.I can forgive the hotel for a poor service because it was very busy and staff were under pressure to cater for the large holiday crowed but what I cannot forgive is the hotels failure to spend some of their time and profit replacing and/or upgrading the lifts.As other reviewers have written, there are 3 small lifts that cover hundreds of rooms over 17 stories which at times can results in waiting for up to 10 minutes. My second stay at the Belvedere was ruined because one of the three lifts was out of order for the entire duration of my stay (5 days). Wait times for the remaining two lifts were over 15 minutes. Five hours of my five-day stay in New York were spent waiting for the Belvedere's painfully slow and dysfunctional lifts.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BATMANAZ
<Content>The Belvedere; My worst hotel experience ever! As both a business and leisure traveler who has put on almost 250,000 miles over the past 28 months, the stay at this place ranks as my worst hotel experience ever!After room rates, taxes, hotel ding charges for my daughter to also stay with us, I paid almost $400 per night for a room that would make a Hotel 6 look like the Ritz.The facility looks amazing from the exterior and first floor interior (ie. lobby), but that is where they must have run out of money. We stayed in room 404 on the fourth floor and the room was tiny. Sure, there was a kitchenette but you couldn't use the fridge which was on the floor, under the counter unless you got on your hands and knees because the door was hinged on the wrong side and the the entire space was probably no larger than 4'x6'. The bathroom was small, so small that if you tried, you could touch all four walls from the john.Need wireless internet? No problem, unless you expect it to work.Can it get any worse? Oh yeah. Step into the hallway at any time and you're floored by a foul oder. What did the hotel staff have to say about that? Well apparently this hotel has tenants from a period before it became a hotel and they can't do anything about them.At checkout, the staff didn't even bother to ask how our stay was, so other than leaving a comment card, they're clueless to my overall dissatisfaction but then again, I don't thing they would have cared...Stay somewhere, anywhere else; At $400/night, you'll be happier that you did...  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Lives-for-vacation
<Content>Completely satisfied Our experience at the Belvedere was completely positive. We were given a 17th floor corner room. Even though it was right next to the service elevator (which we used occasionally), it was quiet. The bed was comfortable. The kitchenette was nice to store beverages and snacks. There is a small store on the next corner to buy groceries. The staff were all helpful and friendly. It is in a great location. Don't be afraid to use the subway, it worked well for us, we covered alot of territory using it! My only suggestion for the hotel would be to add a full length mirror on the closet door.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>phatbear
<Content>Perfectly situated for times sq, rockerfella etc Great hotel, idealy located for times square, its just a couple of blocks away. Hotel offers bag storage which is a nice touch. Great features in the rooms were the microwave,fridge, the safe and very effective air con, only down side was a lack of a heated mirror or an extractor fan in the bathroom, so you've got no chance of using the mirror in there after a shower.Only gripe about the hotel was the trash collection at midnight, im sure you wouldnt notice it if you were high up, but being on the 7th floor having to sit through an hour of noise wasnt fun. Other than that I would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>TRAVELLERSanDiego
<Content>Best deal in NYC Great hotel for the money. We stayed on the 17th floor of the belvedere in a good size room and a nice view. The room had a kitchenette and a king size bed. The Staff was wonderful and the location was great. Located in a residential neighborhood within walking distance to all. Several restaurants and grocery stores nearby. You also have a refrigerator and a Microwave in the room at no additional charge. I would stay here again. You cant beat the price and the location of this hotel. Subway, theaters, Times Square and shopping all nearby. The hotel had new furniture and was extremely clean. I loved everything about this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jchurch
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel I've stayed at The Belvedere several times, usually for 3 or 4 nights at a time. I've thoroughly enjoyed every stay. The rooms are comfortable, staff is friendly, professional and helpful, and you can't beat the location. The little kitchenette is a big plus when you're staying for a few nights and want to skip the restaurant scene.The hotel is being rennovated, floor by floor and, on my last visit, I was given a room on the brand newly-done 15th floor. I was the first guest to occupy 1501 and, I must say, the re-do is impressive. The bath-tub is deep enough for a good long soak, much needed after walking the aisles at the Javits Center day after day, and the bed and linens are simply delicious. As with any re-do, there were a few glitches, but nothing not-fixable: the new wide-screen T.V. was very tempermental, there's a need for a full lenght mirror in addition to the one in the bathroom, and lighting for make-up is... well, I used the window.All in all The Belvedere is a wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>GeoffinUK
<Content>Positive experience overall We have just spent a week at the Belvedere. Overall, our experience was positive. The room was well sized, clean and comfortable. The staff were helpful, particularly the bellmen (when primed with tips!). We avoided the breakfasts, which seemed on the pricy side. However,we had a few niggles. On arrival, we were told that our rooms had not been prepaid, even though we knew they had been. Eventually, the mixup was traced to the hotel accounts office, but only after a rather panic-stricken call to our travel agent in the UK (at our own expense). Not a good start. Secondly, the elevators were slow and crowded, as others have noted. Thirdly, although the rooms were provided with a fridge, microwave and coffee-maker, there was no cutlery or crockery, apart from coffee mugs. They were provided on request, but why not just put them in place ready (as the Bedford on E 40th does)?However, a great location, and overall I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>cyaz
<Content>We'd stay there again! Very nice place to stay when you are visiting Manhattan. Close to Time Square, the Rock, and Central Park. Very clean rooms although a little small. Nice gift shop with plenty of snacks for the kids.The staff is very helpful and courteous.The only negative is they have two small elevators (fit maybe 10 people). We would take the stairs down from 8th floor rather than wait for the crowded elevators.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EvenMatt
<Content>Excellent hotel and location! We have just returned from a fantastic trip to New York and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere. We booked the hotel after reading other reviews on this site and it was even better than we had hoped. The reception and door staff were all really friendly and helpful and the hotel was clean, well decorated and air conditioned throughout. We were able to check in a little early which was well appreciated after a long flight. Our room was on the 16th Floor and we had a great view of the city which was particularly impressive at night. The room was a great size and the kingsize bed was huge and very comfortable. The kitchenette area was an added bonus and the fridge came in particularly handy for keeping drinks cool. The hotel has a number of pcs available with internet access at a reasonable cost which we used for checking in for our return flight. The location is excellent, really central and just a short walk to Times Square. There are loads of great places to eat nearby and we would particularly recommend La Masseria, an excellent Italian which was a 2 minute walk away at 235 West 48th Street. We had an amazing holiday and hope to return to New York again soon and we will definately stay at The Belvedere.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RedRose49er
<Content>Excellent location, good value Booked the Belvedere after reading several positve reviews on this site. Very pleased with stay. Excellent location, 10 minutes walk from Times Square. Lovely room, bigger than expected. Reasonable price with breakfast included. Would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BI-Travelers
<Content>Great Experience at the Belvedere A referral from a friend as well as positive Trip Advisor reviews led us to book the Belvedere, and we're so glad we did. The location was ideal, the staff was most helpful, and the rooms were very nice and very reasonable as far as New York hotels are concerned. It is true that the elevators were a bit slow, but once we discovered the service elevator, we used it and were able to get to and from our room fairly quickly. One tip I would like to pass along is that I found the prices in the hotel gift shop were some of the most reasonable around. Also, don't miss Vynl, the restaurant located on 9th Avenue, just a short walk from the Belvedere. The food was great and very reasonably priced, the atmosphere was wonderful, and it is an absolute must that you check out the bathrooms--check ALL of them out--I did and was quite impressed. This was our family of four's first trip to the Big Apple and we will be back and when we return we will definitely stay at the Belvedere again. I highly recommend it to anyone traveling to New York.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Greatscots
<Content>Great base We travel to the States every year to do some Christmas shopping. We have stayed in other hotels but prefer the Belvedere for its central location, excellent staff and good standard of accommodation for the price.Walk two blocks through the Theatre district and you come out on Times Sqaure! Can't be bad.We have recommended the hotel to others who have also enjoyed their stay.Unless you can pay for The Plaza stay at the Belvedere.Only down side is its proximity to a Fire House but this is the city that never sleeps.Go and enjoy this location, you can walk to Central Park and catch the Subway downtown at Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teddyclare
<Content>Brilliant location!       Entrance to Belvedere  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JABasso
<Content>Great Experience We stayed at the Belvedere 7/31 to 8/4/07, we arrived early and got a room right away, my wife, myself and two large teenage boys. The hotel was clean, staff friendly and very helpful. The room was plenty large enough but would have liked 2 queen sized beds. Fridge in the room was nice. Pozo Pastry Shop and the the Amish Grocery on 9th were great for breakfast. Times Square, theaters and subway were a short walk. At check out the Belvedere held our luggage for the afternoon until we left for the airport. My wife and I will stay there again. Don't waste your time or money on the Gray Line bus tour, only one of the five tour guides we had spoke english and we were stuck in traffic for 45 min on top with 95 degree heat. No A/C on the bottom of the double deck either.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bk_essence
<Content>Great location!! I booked this hotel after much research for a birthday weekend trip with my sister. It lived up to expectations. The location was great - within walking distance of all Broadway theatres, Times Square and subway. Check in was quick and easy. The art deco decor was lovely. Our room was great size for price and location. It was one of few places with two beds for reasonable price I could find. We loved the mini kitchen in our room. It allowed us to have breakfast in room every morning and save money. The main elevators are small and slow, so we generally used the service elevator at end of hall. Only complaint was our room had connecting door to next room which allowed noise to draft easily to our room in morning.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>dubvalue
<Content>Great location and roomy accomodation for New York great location and great rooms for New York. Lots of nearby diners and restaurants. Helpful staff. I would stay there again if I needed comfort and convenience without luxury, though given my cheapness I would probably accept lower quality/worse location for a future visit, but this time I was glad to have the comfort and convenience for a good price.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beenyce
<Content>Nice old hotel for a fair price, near the action, dirty street! It was my first visit to NYC in 20 years so I was just happy to in such a prime location. However, the area around the hotel is not very nice. Mexican Restaurant within few yards looks like it needs a visit from the health Dept. A good size roach was racing out of the restaurant toward the hotel (hopefully didn鈥檛 check in) Avoid souvenir shops near by, it鈥檚 run by jerks who can barely speak English. Overall, my five day stay was ok. Don鈥檛 expect too much in terms of comfort or view or friendly staff. My room overlooked some awful apartment buildings. Breakfast Buffet is very good but at $17 a person is way overpriced. But I guess that鈥檚 NYC, everything is overpriced. Another word of caution, stay away from the gray line people a block away they鈥檙e way over booked and you will be waiting for hours to board their bus. Better off with their competitor who offer bonus boat cruise for the same price.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelguy101
<Content>Nice Stay at the Belvedere       The Bathroom - the camera date is wrong  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fabinnyc
<Content>Not Perfect. I arrived late at night and received prompt service, however, I was greeted by a rude receptionist. I was charged extra for 3 persons eventhough, I booked for 3 and was told on the phone an exact amount when I confirmed my reservation. The rooms are nothing spectacular and the elevator is very slow. On the plus side, the location is perfect. Very close to Times Square yet still on a quiet street.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>TriptakerPhoenix_AZ
<Content>Not as good as I expected I was sad to say that I was disappointed with this property. When we checked in, we were told that the room would not be ready until 4, this was fine, but then they were not ready for us then either. Although it seems petty, it was rather annoying after traveling all day. When I checked in, also, they charged me an additional per person change, even though I had made my reservation for 3 people.The rooms were nothing special, not really as small as I expected, so that was nice. The bathrooms were really small though and the water temperature varied and was not very enjoyable. The beds were horrible and I still have a backache from them. The location was fantastic though, it was within walking distance to Times Square and many other fantastic locations. We had to wait for the elevator EVERY time for a very long time and I was suprised how annoying this was to me, but over 5 minutes is a little much. I would stay there for a good rate for the location, but dont expect much from the rooms!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>markyhero
<Content>A Little hidden gem This place is hidden well ,you are only two streets from the hectic Times Sq but you would never know this as it peaceful place.The rooms are a good size with a seperate kitchen sink and good size fridge and microwave.There is a safe ,handy,.In the basement is a laundry room a nice clean place with great tumble dryers so pack even less make room for some of that great shopping .Check in was quick and so was check out .We stayed for 7 nights didnt use the gift shop or have breakfast here to busy for that.The doormen are very helpful all you have to do is ask ,we left our cases with them on the last day and they arranged a cab to the airport we had no hassles at all.It was a pleasure to let someone else do the arranging.We took the hop on hop off tour which is well worth the money and had the New York pass as well ,plenty of attractions to see with that including a 2 hour night cruise which is lovely.I am for going back to the Belvedere if I ever return to New York as it lived up to all its reviews and I wouldnt want to chance some of the others .Also I think it was a fair price for what you got.We (husband and two kids12.14.)had a third floor room and didnt have any problem with noise outside or in.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JuJuBeads_7
<Content>Staff was wonderful! We had a great stay at The Belvedere while in New York to celebrate my niece's 21st birthday. The staff was wonderful and truly made us feel like they were there to please us. On our first night we woke up in the morning to very loud construction noise adjacent to our room. We called the front desk and the manager, Steve, promptly came up to see and hear the problem. He moved us in a short time and upgraded our room in the process. Everything was handled in a very professional manner. The location of the hotel is perfect to see the city. We travelled on foot and by subway to all parts of Manhattan. The doormen at the Belvedere were funny and sweet and always greeted us. We definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York City!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dolphinbabe73
<Content>Overall best experience I have had in a hotel!!! This was my first trip to New York and I did a lot of research before booking my stay at The Belvedere and I was 100% impressed with my entire experience. The staff went above and beyond to assist us and were extremely friendly from the front desk to the bellman and doorman and even the maintenance guy. We stayed in a room with 2 beds on the 9th floor and it was not a huge room, but it was a really nice sized room (especially from what I hear that most NY rooms are very small) I never heard any of our neighbors the entire 6 days we were there, which means the walls must be pretty thick. The microwave and fridge are very convenient too. Beds were pretty comfortable and cleaned promptly every morning. I read a lot of people complaining about the small bathrooms and yeah, they are giant bathrooms, but honestly how long do you plan to spend in the bathroom on vacation anyway? The water pressure was great and we always had plenty of hot water. I also hear a lot of people complain about the slow elevators but we never experienced a problem the entire time we were there. I also read the post before mine and they mentioned the elevators down the hall from the main ones, and we used those a few times and it was always right there so I am not sure what the issue is. This hotel is in the BEST location, you can walk just about everywhere and its right near the subway station as well. I really do not have any complaints about this hotel. If you book with The Belvedere, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>redeco
<Content>A Home Away from Home       Rooms are comfortable, clean and stylish  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>GrandCayman
<Content>Don't stay anywhere else! My husband and I just returned home from a 4-night stay at The Belvedere in NYC's Broadway/Theatre District. I had searched for months for the perfect hotel for us because my husband is very specific on what he likes (if it were up to him we'd be at the Four Seasons or Hilton!), and all of the reviews I read online about The Belvedere were good so I took a chance on this one. I was thrilled to find the rooms discounted on Travelocity for a Summer Special so we ended up paying about $200 per night for a double room. Not cheap, I know, but everything else was much higher and the Milford Plaza - although more affordable - was not going to be good enough for him. I had stayed there with my best friend last year and although great for us it is always crowded and the elevators are so slow we ended up taking the stairs down 18 flights of stairs each day. I am so glad I chose The Belvedere instead!The hotel has everything you need to make your stay a comfortable one, and the location is perfect. When we arrived by taxi from LGA airport - about a 35 minute drive - we were greeted at the door by a bellman who quickly took care of our luggage. Check in was swift and the concierge answered our questions about shows, directions etc. with professional and knowledge.We were pleasantly surprised to see that our room had a mini fridge and sink which we filled up during our stay with water and some fresh fruit from Chinatown/Little Italy. It also had a mini safe which we stored our passports and valuables in, an iron and board, spacious closet, drawers, full length mirror, TV, ice cold AC and more. The bathroom was European in style and spacious by NYC's standards. We were very comfortable and had everything we needed.We will definitely stay here again. And the best part for me? My husband didn't complain once about the room or hotel!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mommylew
<Content>Awesome Location! The Belvedere is in the heart of the Theater District, 2 blocks from Times Square, walking distance to Rockefeller Plaza, MOMA, long, but pleasant walk to Central Park. The hotel was immaculate, the room size perfect for 4 adults and loved having the mini fridge and microwave. The staff members extremely friendly and helpful. 2 blocks south is Restaurant Row where your dining choices are endless. You must take a cab to Little Italy if you love Italian! I would stay here again in a minute.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Utilitypro
<Content>Great Value Hotel We have stayed here twice in the past couple years and love the hotel. Its location is great...between 8th and 9th avenues on 48th street. It has a great corner grocery a 100 yards from the hotel and with a mini fridge, microwave, and coffee maker it was handy for purchasing various knick knacks to eat on. Staff is great...some mention slow elevators but if you will look to the end of the lobby or the end of your hall you will find a faster elevator that many are not aware of. Do not stay on the top floor...rooms are smaller than 14th floor. This is not a luxury hotel but is a very clean, convenient, safe place. Taxi ride from LaGuardia is $32 plus whatever your tip is.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hoagie1000
<Content>Superb hotel at a great value!! After reading all the reviews on trip advisor we decided to give this hotel a try. We were not disappointed. In fact, this hotel by far exceeded our expectations. What a great find. The staff here is second to none. Several of the bellman even remembered our name when we would enter and exit the hotel. We were always greeted with warm smiles. This hotel is located right in the middle of everything. The rooms were spotless and were of good size for New York city. We have stayed in New York several times and have paid twice as much for a hotel that did not even come close to the Belvedere. We will return to the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Treborcollect
<Content>Loved the Belvedere!! We spent a week at this hotel and were most impressed. The location is right in the middle of the theatre district, so we could walk to most places we wanted to visit. This hotel had friendly service, and most reasonable prices. I was a bit dubious when I booked because the prices were so reasonable $185/night on weekdays, $215 on weekends. The room was larger than I had expected. Very comfortable bed - nice marble bath. There was little traffic noise (we were on the 14th floor). I highly recommend this hotel and we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luv22tor
<Content>One of the best values in the Big Apple! This is a true find in the city! Larger rooms than NYC usually offers, incredibly friendly and helpful staff, attention to your needs... quiet... the Belvedere has it all! You're in the Theater District and can easily walk to Rockefeller Center, great shopping, plenty of restaurants, and many attractions! The only drawback is the time you may wait for the elevators, but as you face the elevators, look to your right down the hallway. You'll see a service elevator that the staff welcomes you to use... it's much faster! Say hi to Luis, the bellman, for us!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dlt_mo
<Content>Great hotel great value We spent 3 nights at the Belvedere in mid July. The staff was always friendly and accomodating. The rooms include a microwave and coffe maker. They are small but not overly so. The bed was comfortable, the window unit AC worked great and provided white noise. The hotel is located on a quiet street just off the theater district, about a 5 minute walk from times square and within a block of the major subway lines. The area felt safe at all hours as well. In my opinion, you cannot beat the location/price combination.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>musicalmegrf
<Content>Great Hotel Positives: I had an overall pleasant experience at this hotel. The staff were all very friendly and accomodating. The room was clean and a decent size for a hotel located in midtown Manhattan. Another plus was that the room contained a minifridge and other amenities. Negatives: Wireless was $10 per day (which isn't really that bad), but I've received free wireless at other hotels. The elevator was very tight, and made me feel very claustrophobic. I had a problem coming down from my room on the 11th floor, as it stopped on almost nearly all floors below it and picked up a large amount of people to bring down to the main level.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SoCalxprt
<Content>A true gem! Having never been to the Big A , I booked this hotel for a week for my wife and I to stay for a week. I crossed my fingers and wouldnt you know, it was fantastic.Flat screen, Wireless ( 10.00 bucks a day), Laundromat ( in the basement) excellent and friendly staff.. but the best...it was QUIET! Where else in New York can you get quiet? I stayed in downtown San Diego and didnt get a wink because of all the traffic and noise,,,but here on West 48 it was quiet as a mouse...except they are putting up a new high rise on the corner so if you sleep past 9am you are gonna get crane and concrete truck noise.We took Super Shuttle from JFK ( 38.00 for two people) however we took the subway and the Air Train back to JFK as by then I had figured out the subway and we got from hotel to our terminal in 50 min. When we arrived a week prior it took 2 hours for us to get to our hotel because you must call the super shuttle ( even if you have reserved it) and you must wait for it to come pick both you and others to drop them off at hotel. Never again will I take a super shuttle from jfk...I am a confirmed subway enthusiast now.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>America-Lover-UK
<Content>Super!! Upon arrival someone greeted us and took are bags. All the staff were very friendly and helpful!Are room was clean and fresh. Had a hairdryer, coffee maker, fridge. Plenty of space aswell!The lifts where occasionally a little slow. But on average pretty good.The hotel is in a lovely location not far from Central Park, Restaurants , Times Square. It's in a little road so it's pretty quite compared with some places. I would definitely recommend a stay here! I would come again!10/10  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nic9
<Content>Superb location! Great hotel! It was my husband and I's first time in New York City and I did a lot of research before booking us into the Belvedere Hotel. My research paid off big time!!This place is in the best location if you are wanting to base yourself in the Times Square District which I would definately recommend if you are a first time visitor to this huge city. A word of warning I would avoid the hotels right in Times Square because gee its noisy! We could hear the noise from Times Square in our hotel room all throughout the night so I cant imagine how loud it is directly in the square! But after the first 2 nights we got used to it. But if you dont, there are always earplugs! The hotel website states that its 5 blocks from Times Square but its only 1.5blocks, it takes less than 5 mins to walk right into the centre of Times Square.The concierge were extremely helpful, couldnt have been nicer when we needed them, but stayed in the background if we didnt need them. The room was small, but my husband and I stayed for 9 nights and had 60kgs of luggage between us and didnt find it a problem. The place is not luxurius but its definately very comfortable and clean. I really think you'd be hard pressed to get better value or location. If you want a hotel restaurant this isnt the place for you as it only does breakfast I think but who wants to dine in a hotel when youre in New York!!Definately recommend it for the average traveller who cant afford Trump Towers or the like, but who doesnt want to stay in a dive either. I give it a big thumbs up!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>fancynanc85
<Content>Little Gem in NYC Just returned from a stay at the Belvedere and couldn't have been more pleased! Every staff member that we encountered - from the doorman to housekeeping - was pleasant and personable, which says a lot for the management. The concierge desk was helpful in obtaining Broadway and Gray Line bus tickets, as well as recommending great restaurants in the area. They even suggested the best place to hail taxis in order to avoid traffic congestion and wait times! The location is excellent - within walking distance to Times Square and Broadway, as well as most Gray Lines tours originating points! We booked online through the hotel website and the rate was much less than most of the other hotels in the vicinity. The area is safe and quiet, the room was comfortable and similar in size to European hotelrooms. The staff was attentive to our needs and accommodated every request for additional towels, hair dryer, etc. This hotel most certainly exceeded our expectations! I'll return to the Belvedere without hesitation on my next visit to NYC!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DominiquePhilippe
<Content>Great place to visit NY Our family stayed there 5 days on the occasion of my 50th birthday - first stay in NY for 3 of the 5 of us. Excellent situation, clean  large rooms, good value for money (compared to usual NY rates ...), helpful concierge. Only (minor) drawback: slow / not enough elevators. We also had a great jazz evening  good food at the Birdland, and good dinner at the Vinyl with friendly service.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ewallace
<Content>Overall solid hotel with good staff Shared a double-double with a friend a long weekend recently. Good location if you like staying near Times Square and the theatres as all are within an easy walk.The front desk and concierge are great, contributing to the nice atmosphere in the lobby. Though the very slow lifts must be fixed!The room itself is relatively spacious and the bed comfortable - though I'd say there was just a bit too much unnecessary furniture in the room. The bathroom is the letdown though - yes, it is very small indeed but worse, I found it a tad old and not well laid out. All in all, a nice hotel with nice friendly staff if you want a good Midtown location though nothing to write home about.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LSC06
<Content>Great Location; Helpful staff I recently stayed at The Belvdere in New York City for three nights. I was part of a group of 29 all staying at the hotel. The location was fantastic. It's on a fairly quiet side street, but convenient to everything. ..Close to the hustle of Midtown, the Theater District, and Central Park. There are great restaurants just a block or two from the hotel along 8th and 9th street. We ate at three restaurants on 9th street and had good food and reasonable prices at all. Subway stops are close. The rooms were comfortable and of adequate size. The price for rooms was reasonable. A real bonus was the refrigerator and microwave in each room. The bathrooms were quite small, but that's pretty common in NYC and older hotels. This hotel has character and a friendly staff. I would stay here again and recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jasamaud
<Content>satisfied with the belvedere We stayed here during a very busy time, and we thought the check-in staff did an amazing job with all of its demands. The manager, in particular, was very patient. Two irate customers were complaining about not getting reservations after they had booked with discounted travel websites. But we booked with the hotel directly and had no problems at all. We were upgraded to a king suite, which was huge for a NYC hotel, and found it mostly quiet. The bed was super comfortable too. If you are particular about showers, you may want to know that they are the European style with no curtain, door, etc.. Overall, we really liked our stay, and we'd stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>James-Bear
<Content>Only hotel in NY you need to look at!!       standard king size room  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poochie45
<Content>Wonderful location I took my teenage daughter to nyc for a visit, and was a bit concerned about safety, but this is the place to stay if you want a hotel within walking distance of theatres, restaurants and shopping. It's just a few minutes from Broadway, and if you plan on using the hop on/off bus, you can purchase tickets around the corner at gray line, very convenient. I felt very comfortable in this area and really had no safety concerns. The Belvedere is a lovely hotel with a great staff, very efficient and friendly. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>OliveYou
<Content>Clean, comfortable, great location. We loved the Belvedere! The rooms were very clean and the hotel itself was in excellent condition. The location was perfect, with trains just two blocks away. Stay away from the Mexican restaurant on the corner and the breakfast place across the street from it. They were both tourist traps with terrible food. Ask the staff at the Belvedere for recommendations - they never sent us to a bad place. We look forward to returning to the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>girella
<Content>Nice location After having read some reviews on this website we decided to book this hotel and we are very happy for having done it. The location is very good because it's near Time Square and therefore the turistic area and it's near the subway so we were able to reach other parts of Manhatten reasonably quickly. The rooms are spacious, clean and quiet. The reception was very professional maybe not very smiling however helpful. Would certainly go back there.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>par4mel
<Content>great little gem I was desperately looking for a hotel since our favorite, the Michaelangelo was very pricey, but still wanting the same amenities. Found this, and decided to give it a try. What a great find. It is nice, clean and newly redone. We took a red eye there and were beyond exhausted when we arrived at 7am. Got a great recommendation for breakfast and when we returned at 9:30, waited for less than an hour for our room to be ready. It was a large room, with microwave, coffee, and fridge. Utilized the fridge for water. Great location, only two blocks to subway and walking distance to most everything. Staff were always helpful. Noticed that quite a few people did have their dogs staying with them. It is a great location, great hotel, great price.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>royaldubai
<Content>Fab! This hotel is so brilliant, so close to everything, so clean, polite and knowlegable staff.Would highly recommend it to any one going to New York City!Rooms good and spacious for all the shopping bags too!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deb-Phil
<Content>One Word - Excellent Just become a member so thought I'd share past experiences with other travellers.Went to NYC for my 40th birthday in June 06, booked fairly last-minute, looked at hotels on the net and found the Belverdere, can only say this was ideal, room  hotel spotless, staff v. friendly, always willing to help, check-in was a breeze as was check-out, room cost $1100 for 4 nights in King Deluxe Room, it had a small kitchen area, bathroom, loads of storage, tv/playstation/internet access - ideally situated to see the city, would stay here everytime due to its location, staff, cost ................ well everything.Stumbled upon BB Kings jazz club (237w 42nd St, 7-8 ave) about 1hr after dumping cases in room, and was back there later to watch James Brown in concert for my birthday (ticket cost $86), what a treat and an excellent club with its own small jazz bar next door where you can have a drink and listen to some cool jazz sounds after the concert. BB's also do sunday brunches with live gospel which we didn't try but believe they are excellent value.If you're looking for a limo service for airport pick-up use NYC limos (Lance) and liberty helicopters offer excellent service on heli tours, we booked limo on line and used hotel to book heli tour, and I have used the same companies for my MD's family holiday since coming back and always been given an excellent service.We didn't get to do everything we wanted as things were happening in NYC that were advertised on the TV in hotel room (Puerto Rican Day parade, Big Apple BBQ event), so make sure before you go if anything special is on, you make enough time.ALL IN ALL, AN EXCELLENT HOLIDAY IN NYC, JUST NEED TO GO BACK TO FINISH MY SHOPPING and do more sightseeing/trips.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelino
<Content>Great value in Times Sq We stayed here last year to visit relatives, have a vacation. As I got a really good rate, we are staying again this year for a family reunion at 'da shore. Great value, excellent proximity, nice room. No wonder this one rates so high.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>shoemyj
<Content>Will stay there everytime! I had read all of the reviews, but didn't realize just how wonderful this hotel was until I experienced it for myself. All of the staff was superb! They were extrememly helpful and friendly. This hotel felt like a calm relaxing oasis in the middle of a fast paced city. Our room and bathroom were immaculetly clean, the room was a great size and the beds were very comfortable. This is the only hotel I will stay at during any future visits to New York. I highly recommend this hotel - by far the best for the price.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reayx5
<Content>Exceeded my expectations! First trip to NY. Checked out a lot of hotels online. Saw good reviews for this place. Saw bad reviews. Took a chance and booked at the Belvedere. Our experience was wonderful. My story is below. If you just want the quick review - You can not beat this location - Super-clean hotel - Lobby: bright and airy - Our room: unbelieveably clean, quiet, and comfortable (no smelly rooms or halls) - All staff:excellent. OK, here's our story - The front staff was great, especially Director of Front Office - Steve Vargas. We arrived quite early in the morning after a red-eye flight across the US. We were exhausted, but our room wouldn't be ready until normal check-in time.We left all our bags securely with one of the doormen (Eric - who wasalways with a great attitude - always recognized us - always helpful). We came back in the early afternoon, just hoping the room would be empty. Not yet. Steve could see how tired we were. He was going to let us stay in another room until ours was ready. My wife just happened to mention that it was our 25th anniversary. Steve did a little talking to the woman working the counter (another helpful employee whose name I wished I remembered). He suggested an upgrade to another room, gave us a free night, and the small additional cost to us for the better room was well worth it. I cannot emphasize how clean the room was, every day of our stay. The bathroom was spotless.I do the cleaning in our house, and I know a really clean bathroom. The staff was unbelieveably good. The bed was just right. The climatecontrol was just right. Our view, overlooking the front street (from the 9th floor) was of skyscrapers above, and a Performing Arts schoolacross the street. Not a noisy street, and within a one minute walk of a city that is on the go! Got five minutes? Walk to Times Square, Broadway shows, great food. No more than five minutes tops! I suggesteating at Junior's for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. You want it, theyhave it. Fast and cheap, with great service. A good play; Curtains - minutes away (buy your tickets cheap at TKTS in Times Square). Again,I can't say enough about the staff of The Belvedere. We will return to New York, and we will stay at The Belvedere!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>melissacarley
<Content>Location location The Belvedere's location is perfect! Only minutes from Times Sqaure and two streets away from the infamous restaurant row on 46th.The hotel was clean and the room was fairly sizeable considering we had been told that hotel rooms in New York tend to be on the small side.Unfotunately we did have an unpleasant experience though. On arrival (after 20 hours of travelling) we were told that our room had been given away to someone else, regardless of the fact that we had booked 6 months in advance and had called to confirm the reservation just the week before. So instead of two double beds we got one double bed and a pull out camp bed on the first night. But still paid the same price! We got the room we had booked for the remainder of our stay, although it was a tad annoying as we had to change rooms after the first night and I was faced with having to sleep on a camp bed after all those hours of travelling!The staff were pleasant although did not take responsibility for mistakes they had made e.g. assuming we were all checking out when one of our party left earlier than the rest, so disabled our key cards then accused us of demagnetising them.All in all it was a good hotel, which is very basic although comfortable and close to everything. I would recommend this hotel for people who are spending most of their time out and about and just need somewhere clean and safe to come back to at night.Some of the roms have been refurbished, which have more comfortable beds and more modern bathrooms. Ideally you would want one of these rooms, although the older rooms are still ok.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>HouCut
<Content>Belvedere met expectations We stayed at the Belvedere for 3 nights from May 29th - Jun 01. Thanks to Trip Advisor we had a good idea of what to expect when arriving at the hotel, but our expectations were exceeded. The staff was terrific from the moment we arrived to the hotel in the taxi. We arrived at the hotel at about 7:00 pm, and the room was ready when we checked in and we were in our room within 5 minutes. The bellhop brought our luggage to the room shortly thereafter. The bellhop, Luis, gave us tips on where to eat, locations of convenience stores, and where to catch the subway. The hotel is in an excellent location on 48th street between 8th and 9th Ave. Its a quiet street, and only a few blocks from the theater district and Times Square. We were able to walk to Times Square and to the Broadway theater to watch the Color Purple. The Grayline bus tour is located around the corner on 9th avenue for the hop-on hop-off tour of Manhattan. There were some previous reviews that voiced concerns on the elevators being slow at times. During our stay that wasn't much of an issue, I never waited more than 5 minutes for an elevator. The housekeeping staff also did a good job in cleaning the rooms. We typically didn鈥檛 leave until 10:00 am, and the room was always cleaned when we arrived back, either after lunch or later in the afternoon. The concierge desk was very helpful as well, providing information on which subways to catch to go to certain destinations, and booking tours for us. We didn鈥檛 eat in the Hotel, but if you book directly thru the hotel, the breakfast buffet is included in the price, which is a $16 value.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swampy511
<Content>Great hotel in central location After the fruitless search of numerous hotels reviews on this site - we decided to book this hotel following positive reports from other travellers.We wanted to be within walking distance of Time Square and the central Manhatten attractions and this hotel was perfectly located. Despite being just two blocks from Time Square, the theatres and other main attractions, the hotel was in a quiet street with no traffic noise. (On a previous trip to NYC I had stayed in Hotel Pennsylvania... and didn't want to make the same mistake again!!)The staff were welcoming and friendly and the room was perfect with an extremely comfortable bed and wet-room style bathroom. The room was spacious and furnished in a very modern style and the bathroom had a marble washstand which was a lovely feature.Although priced more expensive than ideal - the hotel offered great value for money when you consider that this is central Manhatten!!Breakfast was not included - but I heartily recommend 'Pigalle' a french cafe/restaurant on the next block. Wonderful pancakes and 'homefries'!!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Heno34
<Content>Excellent Hotel! As we stayed here before (2003) we sort of new what to expect, but this time we had friends with us and I was a little fearful the Hotel wouldn't live up to our expectations. But our fears were groundless as our stay in the Belvedere was great. There was some renovations going on while we where there, but these didn't impact on us one little bit. The staff are very friendly and the Bellhops are always on the ball, ready to help. The Hotel was very clean, and above all No Smells We stayed for seven nights and if we go back to New York again, we'll be staying in the Belvedere for sure.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JasonBuberel
<Content>Great location, good value My wife and I spent 5 nights/4 days here as part of our 10 year wedding anniversary excursion to New York City. The Belvedere was recommended to us by a coworker who had lived in Manhattan and he did not steer us wrong. The hotel was easy walking distance from all of Broadway, Central Park, Times Square, as well as all of the important subway lines. At the same time it is not fully in the middle of things which gives it a more secluded feel. The room was small but clean and well appointed. We were not bothered by the noise of a nearby elevator or any of our neighbors. The wireless internet access worked very well, but they do charge a daily fee for it (about $10/day). We did not make use of room service or laundry service, nor did we eat at the hotel restaurant or bar. I did make use of their fitness facility, which was about as good as can be expected for a hotel. They have modern (as of 2007) Life Fitness equipment - two treadmills, a stair climber, two elliptical trainers, and several exercise bikes. They have one multi-station resistance unit which was in good repair. It is no replacement for a full gym, but it will do in a pinch.We paid for our stay partly with United Mileage Plus miles, so cost was not a big factor. That being said, their published rates are decent.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>hansutro
<Content>You don't spend much time in the room! Going to NYC and trying to get a decent deal on rooms is not the easiest task to accomplish. This reasonable priced property was well worth the money we paid. Rooms although small, were clean, quiet and comfortable. They are remodeling the hotel and had the top 3 floors done already. Unfortunately we were not on the top 3 floors. The hotel is located with in an easy walk to theaters and Times Square. The staff is friendly and efficient. All in all it was a good deal and a nice hotel. Clean and quiet rooms ,bathrooms had marble floors, only downside was that internet charges were around 10 bucks a day.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jjbalady
<Content>Not what I expected... I stayed at the Belevedere a couple of years ago, and it was okay - so I booked again. Come to find out the entire hotel has different rooms. The rooms they show online are not the standard or deluxe room you get when you check in. Our room was old and outdated. Everything smelled like smoke, even though this is a non-smoking hotel. The bathroom was small and the tv was maybe 19. It had the old fashion bedspreads, etc... So we stayed one night, checked out the next morning and went to the Hampton Inn a couple of blocks away. Loved the Hampton - new beds, down comforter, etc...  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Helen077
<Content>Lovely Hotel in great location This is a lovely middle of the range hotel in a great location just a short walk from Times Square. The staff were friendly on arrival and the room was spacious with two double beds. All the normal facilities such as air-conditioning, tv, safe etc but also had tea/coffee making facilities and a fridge. We were quite high up but even so you get traffic noise from the city, which is expected. Other travellers have reported problems with the lifts but we did not have too much trouble, just sometimes a few minutes wait. I would recommend this hotel. If you are going to New York for the first time look up the travellers reviews of the various sites as they were really helpful and gave us some good tips.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>APower
<Content>met all expectations, fab       king bed  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>kt_mc
<Content>Lived up to the excellent reviews!!! I stayed at the Belvedere hotel with my mom on a 5 day trip to NY in March 07. I booked the flights at christmas as a present for my mom as she has never been to NY. I then spent a few months looking at loads of difffernet hotels as there are just so many!!! We agreed that we would go for a 3 star and after looking on trip advisor the one that kept jumping out with great reviews was the Beledere. I booked it and was surprised at how reasonable the price was compared to others. The location was also just so perfect as we knew we would be going to shows. When we arrived we were not dissapointed,it is so central and the doorman was just so lovely. There was no wait at reception and one of the girls in particular there was so friendly and helpful when asked the silly first timers questions that she must hear day in day out!!! The lift was a little on the slow side but it didn't matter to us as we were only on the 4th floor so could take the stairs. I was pleasently surpised with the room. NY hotel rooms are usually very small but this one fit two double beds with plenty of room around them. Room was kept spotless each day and everything functioned the way it should do. Yes the bathroom was slightly small but how much moving around does one plan to do on the toilet!!! There is a kitchenette which came in very handy for the use of the fridge. There is a little gift shop with everything you could need and internet and phon access. The only little things were that we were at the front and the street outside can be a bit noisy in the morning but sure where in NY would you find peace and quiet and why would you want it in such an amazing city!! Room could get quite warm but we didn't turn on AC so im sure it would have cooled down if we did. At the end of the day, how much time does someone visiting NY spend in their hotel room and if they do then why did they bother going to a city that has so much to do and see!! I will return to the Belvedere next time im in New York as why spent so much time trying to find another suitable hotel when you already know of one!!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jkpemay
<Content>Just what we were looking for Spent 2 nights here on a girls weekend - May 19 and 20. This hotel was exactly what we were looking for as we wanted a nice clean room but not too expensive, yet near to Times Square. The Belvedere fit the bill on all counts. The room is not too exciting - but I am fairly picky and I found it to be just fine in terms of cleanliness and functionality. We paid $269/night which included breakfast. That was a good rate compared to other hotels in the area. It's in a nice neighborhood too. We had a great stay and loved NYC!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gavcol
<Content>Very pleased Very pleased with this hotel. Stayed 3 nights. Booked online through hotel site without any recommendation, and not sure what to expect so we were pleasantly surprised. Reasonable price for spacious room complete with microwave and fridge and just a 2-5 minute walk to Times Square, theatres and restaurants, but off the beaten path enough to be quiet. Clean and well appointed rooms. Furniture and flooring looked new. Beds comfortable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Corner store nearby for fruit and snacks if desired. Had all meals off site so can't comment on the breakfast. Air conditioner worked well on the 85 degree days we had. Will definitely stay here next time and will recommend to friends. Noted on the fire chart on room door that the 4 rooms directly across from the lobby elevators appeared to be larger and deeper than the other rooms (we had one of these rooms on the 12th floor).  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>rogerOxfordshire
<Content>great hotel hotel was clean and comfortable, room was clean but bathroom extractor fan did not work and air conditioning was very noisy, hotel was just far enough away from the noise of the city but within walking distance from broadway and central park. The staff were nice and friendly  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bostonsightsee
<Content>Great service from staff Located on a quite NY west side street, this hotel had a staff that was really wonderful. From the second the cab pulled up as I was checking in, there was always someone there to get the door or help with luggage. The cafe is only open to 11am but it is good food if you do make it. The hallways are very tired, however, the rooms were more up to date and are a lot larger than most NYC rooms. I believe all of the rooms have a mini kitchen which is a huge help!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nightview
<Content>Good NY base for longer stays       Bathroom  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	2	4	

<Author>edeldoherty
<Content>Very Impressed Stayed here May 1st - 3rd. Was very impressed with the hotel. The room was nice. You could only be impressed with its location. Will certainly be recommending hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Nell55
<Content>good value and location This was the second time we've stayed at the Belvedere. Our room was quiet, clean, and comfortable. It's nice to have a small fridge in the room. This hotel is also well located - convenient to Lincoln Center and close to good restaurants and a subway stop. The only quibble I have is that the full breakfast was not as good as the last time - however, it was certainly adequate and we would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cmary
<Content>All the important things covered - good location + very clean We stayed here for a weekend in May 2007. Great location, quick walk to the Theater District and Times Square. Hotel room was your basic room, nothing fancy and a little outdated - but very clean. Good size room which is surprising for NYC (there was even a small kitchenette in the corner with a mini fridge and sink!). We were on the 6th floor and maybe lucky with quiet neighbors, but we didn't hear a peep from anyone next to us or above us. And even though the location is steps from lots of action, it's on a quiet street so we didn't hear any street noise.One con - there are just 2 small elevators and both are painfully slow, so if you have a choice request a low floor.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>SueEdinburgh
<Content>A good base for our trip to New York I visited New York last week with 2 girlfriends for a 3-night stay and thought the Belvedere was a good choice. The location is very central, just 5 minutes from Times Square. We shared a room on the 6th floor at the back of the hotel and it was comfortable and quiet. We had to request extra towels but they arrived within 5 minutes of our request. The staff were friendly and helpful and we thought the hotel was good value for money. We did not try the hotel breakfast but instead had breakfast in the Olympic Diner round the corner on 8th Avenue which offered plenty of choice and an authentic New York experience with a real mix of people eating there - locals, workers and tourists. I would be happy to use this hotel again. If you don't do anything else when you are in NY, visit the Top of the Rock for the most amazing uninterrupted 360 degree views of the city.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ohiofiremn
<Content>Great Location for Times Square and Broadway Stayed here for 2 nights with the NY1 plan ($269/night - King deluxe w/ full breakfast incl.) - Bellhops were prompt and very helpful - front desk was prompt and courteous - we had booked the room using the hotel website - no problems at check in - we were given room 1706 - top floor - which provided a great view of the city - the room was small but not cramped - small bathroom and small area with sink/micro/fridge - all of this was fine as we were only planning on sleeping in the room. The room was very clean and the bed fine. It was exaclty as expected. Room would probably be better suited to a queen bed if you feel tight but I understand all rooms in NYC are pretty small. We did not have any issues with the elevators and never waited for more than a few minutes one - and we were told the hotel was full the second night (Saturday). The breakfast was great and fresh. I would not want to eat the same thing for more than a few days but for 2 days it was perfect. Both days we had perfect weather and walked to dinner and our broadway shows.We drove to the city and parked at the garage the hotel used. It is on the next block ($27/night) and had no problems with the people there.Simply put , we had a great stay without any issues whatsoever and would recommend this hotel - if we stayed somewhere else it would only be to try something different.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trev_and_Kath
<Content>Absolutely Fine We stayed here 24th - 30th March 2007. Considering the price paid, we were very satisfied. The location is great - just off Times Sq with theatres and city tour bus trips on the doorstep.Breakfast in the Olympic Diner around the corner was great - we used it every day.We were on the top floor (17) and refurbishment works were being done on the 15th. Although the hotel offered us a move when we checked in if the noise was a problem, we heard a drill only once (you are out of the hotel most of the day).We'll definitely stay here again when we visit NYC again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Roo08
<Content>Expected a lot more... less than average We stayed for 4 nights in the Belvedere in January 2007. Based on all the previous reviews we have expected a good hotel. But certainly the Belvedere is really a disappointment. When we made the booking of the room we asked for a room on one of the upper floors and of course we got a room directly next to the very loud and noisy elevators on the 5th floor. The only positive issue in this hotel was that they immediately gave us a room on the 15th after we complained. The room was very small (of course this is NY but if you ask for a room for 3 then you would expect a littlebit more space), and we do not even talk about the bathroom (if we can name it as such). This is the smallest bathroom we have ever seen. The room-cleaning was not existing and the breakfast room and the breakfast itself is not worth to mention here. Probably the worst fruit juice we have ever had. And on top of all the good things you pay about the same as for a 5 star hotel in Dubai or else in the world. Honestly, we know about high prices for NY rooms but that was just robbed. The positive about the hotel is the location, nothing else.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>waz1138
<Content>not a bad stay at the belvedere we stayed in the Belvedere Hotel for 6 days in the beginning of April, New York is fantastic - the Belvedere is OK.the room was fine, if a little on the hot side although there was a cold snap while we were there so didn't mind too much.the main problem we had was that when we arrived at 1pm and we were early, we'd been up for 17 hours and really wanted to get some rest, the hotel looked after our bags and said we'd have to check in at 4pm - no problem, we were early.problem was that we didn't get to check in until 4:30pm and we didn't get our luggage until 5:30pm.we know these aren't huge problems but when you're that tired it seems pretty huge! actually for the rest of the week the hotel was fine, it has a gym which was good, we didn't eat at the hotel as it was overpriced and the deli on the corner was great and much cheaper.also there were 3 of us staying and everyday we were supplied with towels etc for 2 and so had to keep asking for extras.we would say that the Belvedere is perfectly adequate but just average, it certainly didn't ruin another fantastic trip in the greatest city in the world!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>onebadhatharry1
<Content>Great Hotel and Location This was our first trip to New York City and therefore were slightly taken aback by the wealth of hotels on offer. After much research we settled on The Belvedere Hotel and what a great choice we made. Firstly the location is perfect just two blocks from Times Square, in just five minutes you are in the heart of New York. Also being in Hells Kitchen you are in the middle of many wonderful restaurants and bars. Checking in was easy and we had our keycard after two minutes. Our baggage was taken upstairs by the extremely helpful porter. We were on the top floor (17th) and the room was spacious and extremely clean. It had it's own fridge and kitchen area, Sky Television and a queen size bed. The bathroom was also spotless and modern and the maids came every day. The only downside were the two small lifts that service a hotel of that size and it can get cramped between 8am and 9am in the morning when everyone is leaving the hotel. But this is a minor gripe, it is a great hotel and well worth the stay.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tqj
<Content>Perfect Location and Great Staff! I agree with the last few reviews. This hotel is close to everything, the staff is knowledgeable and the rooms were perfect for a couple. My wife and daughter stayed here last year, so we gave it a second try. It again served our every need. It is only a few blocks to Times Square, trains and the theaters. Plenty of good food at all price levels in the area. We'll go back.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Centreneil
<Content>Another enjoyable stay This was our second trip to NYC and we have stayed at the Belvedere both times. The location, particularly in relation to theaters  Times Square is great. The staff was helpful and the rooms were as advertized. The only negative we have is that for some reason the elevators always are a problem. We were on the 8th floor and often walked down the steps rather than wait for the elevator to come. We will come again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KateP1
<Content>Great location and price We visited New York for four nights in March 07. I was really struggling to find a hotel in our price range which had good reviews on this site. Then I came across the Belvedere and I'm so glad I did!The hotel is in an excellent location; just a couple of minutes walk from Broadway and about a ten minute walk from Times Square. There was a subway station just around the corner.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean and the room a reasonable size (I have been told that they are large rooms for New York city). There was a small kitchenette with a fridge, sink and coffee maker which was good. The room was very clean and had two large double beds.There is a Brazilian steakhouse attached to the hotel and we were planning to eat there on our last night but unfortunately we couldn't as we didn't make a reservation early enough as it was so busy. There were also good restaurants near the hotel in all price ranges.We loved New York and if we go back there again, we would stay at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anuLondon
<Content>Great Location Great location for access to the great restuarants and sites around Manhatten and New York via the subway .Services levels were very prompt with helpful staff.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>aliaslili
<Content>Perfect location, room and staff I'm so happy we stayed at the Belvedere for our first stay in New-York. Everything was perfect. We booked an executive room, those rooms have just been refurbished and the mattress /pillows was very comfortable + you have plenty of space. Breakfast was excellent and you had enough choice (bread, meat, eggs, fruits, yoghurt, bagels, pancakes, ...) But the most positive point during the stay was the STAFF : all were very friendly and helpfull For the negative point: yes the lifts are very slow / sometimes difficult to get and the roomwas quite hot (even if it was very cold outside and we didn't want to turn on the AC) Would definitely come back at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Browny12
<Content>Ideal hotel for good price and superb location! great for families. We wanted to stay in New York for two nights. We are a family of four with two young children (8 and 3) and so wanted something in a central location where we could have one clean room! This did not disappoint. The Belvedere is ideally situated just 5 mins walk from Times Square and 5 mins from the New York bus tour stop.We walked easily up to 5th ave and found cheap deli s offering a wealth of food and drink from fresh milk to croissants and pizza as well as strolling up to central park and the Natural History museum.The Belvedere rooms are big enough for 2 double beds, have a small but adequate bathroom and also a kitchenette with fridge, sink and microwave - fantastic with 2 kids! My daughter was still able to have her regular warm milk without us having to go down to the bar!!We did not have to seek the advice of the hotel staff much but they did seem friendly and effecient. If you want a clean, centrally located, family friendly hotel then I dont think you could do much better than this.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>amiecat85
<Content>Great Location! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel March 28-30th, and had a very good stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The bellmen were friendly as well, and we had no problems keeping our luggage there both before and after we checked out. Because of the construction, we chose to stay on the 3rd floor. Our room was very spacious and had a view of the street in front of us, which was fine. The bed was comfortable, and we slept great. Positives; the entire room was very clean, safe was handy and easy to use, we utilized the mini-fridge for our Starbucks treats, and the city guide with coupons was a very nice touch as well. The only thing that posed a problem for us was finding an outlet to plug our cell phone chargers into....we had to unplug a lamp that was near the desk. The bathroom was kind of small, with a lack of vanity space, but the dresser with large mirror made up for it in the actual room. The location was great! We were right by Times Square and had a short walk to the Circle Line Harbor cruises. The Belvedere is also very close to many restaurants between 8th and 9th Ave. I liked that the hotel was mostly in the center of the city. There is a very cute candle shop that you walk by if you're heading to times square. Overall we had a very good stay at the Belvedere Hotel and would stay again in the future!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mj1227
<Content>Great hotel and gool location The hotel was great , we have stayed in New York several times before and this hotel was the best one. Very large rooms, it has a small kitchen. Hotel staff was great and good location, only a few blocks away from times square. Lots of places to eat. You cant go wrong with this hotel!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfanderso
<Content>Loved the Belvedere Stayed at the Belvedere 3 days prior to a cruise. It was in a great location near theatre, Times Square and other attractions. It was nice to have a kitchenette to prepare snacks and light meals. Bell staff very promptly delivered our luggage to the room after check in. Front desk was very helpful and fast. Felt safe in this location. The only downside that we had was even though we were there in January, the weather was extremely warm and even sleeping with the window open the room was still warm. We never could find an air conditioner to turn on. After calling the front desk to inqure about this, they said someone would come right up and put an air conditioner in the window since our room didn't have one. We told them we were getting ready to check out so that wasn't necessary. Like I said, this was only minor, everything else was great.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CPhelan
<Content>Terrible Service and unnecessarily hot rooms My husband and I spent a week on holiday in New York recently and while we enjoyed everything about our Trip we were very dissapointed with the Belvedere. On check-in we were offered a double room with two double beds an extermely small bathroom and a functional kitchenette. We were initially happy with the hotel in general and its location close everything. As our flight was quite late arriving into JFK ~8.00PM and we were quite tired we called reception and enquired as to the possibility of getting a snack or room service. The response was a very short grunt like no and then a swift hang up. OK we thought there was no need for that but - give the place a chance. Later in the week when we enquired regarding day trips and theatre tickets we were left standing at the desk for at least 15 minutes while two members of staff continued their chat - aware of our presence I might add. The heating in the room was also a major problem which made sleeping at night extremely uncomfortable to the point that we had to continously turn on the air conditioning as an open window wasn't sufficient to cool the room eventhough there was snow outside!The final straw for us was on our final day we had requested a late checkout (at the time of check in, we had reconfirmed this mid week at which time we were told there would be no problem just to call reception on the morning we were checking out) and on the morning we rang reception at 6.30AM to reitterate our request and were swiftly told that there was no possibility we would not be getting a late check out. We found the staff 's attitude nothing short of rude and not reflective of the service we have recieved in other hotels in the past. I would say location is the only positive this hotel has going for it. We will most certainly be making a return to New York in the future but I am dissapointed to say the Belvedere will not feature in our accomodation plans.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>miamichele
<Content>Refreshing Hotel And Staff This hotel is 2 blocks from Broadway and within walking distance from shows , shopping, metro, and just a slew of restaurants . The best way I can put it is, you can be in the mix in a few short steps, but it's nice to be out of the mix in a few short steps also. It's New York, the city that never sleeps, but I do. I was glad to be out of the mix and the horns when it was time for bed.My husband got me tickets to see the Lion King for Christmas, the rest was up to me. I began my quest a few days after New Years. I began researching hotels throughout the city and quickly found very high priced rooms that wanted to put my 11 year old daughter on a sleeper sofa instead of a bed. After reading many reviews , I decided on the Belvedere Hotel.As with most of our vacations , I get a little nervous as the time gets close and wonder if my choices were the best. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel. Our baggage was quickly taken from the cab and the bellman directed us to the front desk. We arrived at 10 am and check in isn't until 4. While registering in I was informed that they would hold our luggage until check in and would contact me via cell phone when our room was ready.Important? Maybe not to some but friends who had stayed at other hotels were charged for this service and for us it was free. Also after checking out , we were able to leave our bags there and catch the cab from the hotel much later that day. BATHROOMS Well , for me , it's the most important thing. A nasty bathroom is just as bad as a nasty bed. This bathroom was great. Clean, Bright, Roomy, and oh did I mention CLEAN. AAAA+++I found the rooms to be not so small. I've stayed at larger rooms, but for New York, I thought they really weren't so bad. From reading other reviews from other hotels I would say they were probably much larger than most. That is if you compare apples to apples. The bathroom is my issue, the air and heat are my husbands. He likes it about the temperature of ohhh a morgue. I on the other hand enjoy it cool rather than freezing. Its funny because we both said that was the first time the temp. was just perfect to sleep for both of us.We didn't take advantage of the free breakfast but we did however eat at the Churrascaria Plataforma Restaurant. Outstanding. Yes it is pricey but it is so worth it. They are just so nice and so friendly and the food is just sooo good. Oh how we laughed when we forgot to turn our discs over and the food just kept coming and coming.. Nice job . Fantastic food and service. Well Belvedere, thank you for making our first trip to the big city a memorable one. It's nice to know that there is a place not so far away that we can go and still feel at home.Looking forward to our next trip with you.We have traveled a lot over the years and I have never really written a review. I guess I felt the need after this trip because it was New York and I wasn't really sure what to expect. I felt very safe and was really very pleasantly surprised at how nice everyone was . I don't just mean at the hotel . I mean, the city.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keelyjane
<Content>Perfect location This hotel really is a perfect location. one block broadway and times square. 7 blocks from central park. can walk to macys. Right near the open top bus route, which is an absolute must. 2 double beds in room. nice rooms clean and spacious. safe in the room and air con. bathroom a littel bit small. but power shower and plenty of hot water. has a restaurant and shop. hotel provides a luggage store service for last day of stay and will arrange your return transfer to airport in posh blacked out lincoln. its not a luxury hotel but has been done out very nicely and is more than adequate for people looking for somewhere clean, comfortable and in an excellent location for their stay. definately deserves its 3* rating if not more. the best selling point for this hotel is the location and would definately go for this over the milford plaza/ thirty thirty.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparky39
<Content>Would go back to the Belvedere Just back from a five night stay in the Belvedere. There were three of us in a delux double double on the twelfth floor and we had plenty of room. Our flight was delayed and it was after midnight when we arrived. As we had not contacted the hotel during the day we were a little worried that our room would be gone or that we would be given a smaller one but we were given exactly what we had booked. Check in was very quick and we were told there was some construction work on the 15th floor between 9.30 and 4pm but we never heard a sound - we were hardly ever in at that time anyway.The room was a very decent size - all our luggage fitted in the wardrobe space. Yes the bathroom is small but perfectly adequate and the kitchen area was a bonus. Having read a review here we brought plastic plates and cutlery - very handy as there are some nice delis and cake shops in the vicinity. Mugs, glasses and a coffemaker, fridge and microwave are provided. There is also a programmable safe. The staff are very helpful. The location is excellent - short walking distance to Times Square, theatres, restaurants, bus station, subway.We never ate at the hotel so I can't comment on the food. The Brazillian restaurant cannot be entered through the hotel - you need to go around the corner. We looked in and it was packed and very lively looking.There is a business centre with internet access ($2 for 8 mins - 25cents a minute thereafter) and phones. I would recommend the Belvedere Hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Caroline73
<Content>Loved the Belvedere We have just returned from 5 nights in New York. We booked the belvedere from the hotel website and got a good rate of $199 per night for a king size bed and full breakfast. The rooms were very nice and spacious with a huge big bed, the only negative is that rooms were too warm and the air conditioning unit was so noisy we could not leave it on, we ended up sleeping with the window open! Staff in the hotel were all fabulous and extremely heplful. Location of the hotel is perfect, the hotel is on a very quiet street considering it is only 5 minutes walk from Times square and fifth avenue etc.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RLTS
<Content>Great Location!!! My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere in mid March for 6 nights. This was our first trip to NYC, and we will definately be back!The Bevedere was a pleasant part of our stay. While we typically stay in slightly nicer hotels, this property was recommended to us as being reasonably priced, and with a great location. We were not disapointed. The positives:- amazing location. Within walking distance of several subway lines, times square, a plethora of restaurants, and most Broadway theaters.- Clean, well kept rooms. Ours was right next to the elevators, and we were initially quite concerned. I think this resulted in a slightly smaller room, but it was functional, and surprisingly quiet.- an included buffet breakfast (book through the hotel website, and it is one of their 'deals'). Although not exactly gourmet, and they didn't change a single item in a week, the food was fine, quick, and a convenient way to start the day.- kitchenette in all rooms. Handy if you have leftovers etc. or would like to keep drinks in the room.The negatives:- the room temperature seems to be an issue in this hotel. It is an older property, and has correspondingly older HVAC. Our room was pretty warm, but tolerable if we left the window open an inch or two.- the elevators are terribly slow. We were on the 16th floor, and you really had to allow 'elevator time' in anywhere you were going. A little secret...there are elevators at the opposite ends of the hallways that can be a bit more responsive, and have fewer stops along the way. They do, however, take them out of commission occasionally.- make sure you bring some physical documentation of your reservation. There was a problem with our room rate when we first checked in. To their credit, the front desk staff were polite and dealt with it relatively quickly. I had confirmation numbers, screen prints, and was able to pull up their confirmation email on my black berry. If not though, we may have ended up paying a higher rate.Overall, I was happy with the Belvedere. I consider it good value, and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>rdkaplan
<Content>Great location and great staff! The Belvedere provided a great location for our first stay in New York. The location is perfect if you like walking, theater and great restaurants. The staff was remarkable and did everything possible to make it a great stay. The doormen, Peter, David and Jerry gave us great restaurant recommendations and service. The room was quite small for 3 (2 adults and a 15 year old), but we were rarely in the room, so it was fine. The room was rather warm and the furnishings old, but again, we were out and about throughout the day, so for brief evening relaxation and bedtime, it worked out nicely for the price. Just around the corner from Times Square and subway stops and any theater you would want, it was a great choice. It would really be a great location for a long weekend stay to go to a Broadway production.Thanks Belvedere, we'll be back.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kharm
<Content>Great Service for a Great Price We arrived late Wed. night for the St Patrick's Day celebration. It was freezing cold , us being from LA, and we didnt know what to expect of the hotel. But when we arrived the staff was very friendly and made us feel really comfortable. This hotel is perfect for business travel, excellent for families, and for a couple of single girls like us ready to party! We felt very safe and the surrounding neighborhood was safe as well. We recommend visiting the Olympic Diner around the corner for food any time and most places deliver so ask the front desk for menus. We booked the Double Double Room with 2 double beds, 1 bath, and a small area with a sink, microwave, fridge , and coffee maker. We have stayed at other hotels in NY and were impressed with the room size. It was 3 of us in a room but with 4 it still would have been comfy. Book this place and you will get oyur money's worth.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lvsigchi
<Content>Location and Price       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>OwenLondon
<Content>Unbeatable! After exhaustingly checking reviews and prices for our 5 night trip to NY this hotel stood out and the great rate we got from Quickbook made out minds up! The negative side - 5 nights was not enough - and that is as negative as I can get as this hotel was an excellent choice. Very friendly staff and a great room on the 14th floor which was comfortable beyond expectations (if only all hotel beds were that comfortable)!. Great location minutes from Times Square and a short walk to the bus station and endless choice of restaurants. Check Quickbook out for prices and also if interested in theatre check onto Broadwaybox.com for great discount rates. When (not if) we return to NY this hotel will be out one and only choice!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carol98
<Content>Thumbs Up for the Belvedere Hotel! Have just come back from spending six nights in the Belvedere Hotel and was very happy with my stay there. The Staff were more than friendly and helpful. We stayed from the 2nd of March until the 8th of March and although advised on our arrival that we may hear some noise (as there is construction work from 8.30 a.m. in the morning to, i think they said 4.00 p.m.), we never heard a thing. So i am very surprised by the previous reviews, but maybe they were nearer the construction than we were? Also the comments made regarding the beds!? We found the beds to be more than comfortable and had great nights sleep there. The fridge and microwave, just located inside the door, was also very useful, and not something I usually see in Hotels, so it was an added bonus.The bathroom was a standard size, though we could have used more shelf space, with four women sharing a room!, though the sink beside the fridge and microwave, came in very handy. There was also a safe provided in the room.As i previously said the staff were very helpful, though one night when we were looking for some info., the lady at the front desk was unable to help us and said we would have to ask the Concierge - who had finished for the day! She could have made a bit more of an effort!!The location is excellent for Manhatten. Very close to Times Square and within walking distance to most of the major sites. The Subway is also very close by, but the taxis are quite cheap, so you are never stuck.All in all, a very pleasant experience at The Belvedere. When returning to New York, i will definately stay there again and would not hesitate to recommend this Hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>swan94577
<Content>Great Hotel My mom and I stayed at the Belvedere in August of 2005 for 5 days. It was our first time in New York, so we didn't know what to expect. The lobby was very nice and the staff very friendly. We got a room on the 7th floor at the end and it was very small. We didn't mind because we weren't in the room that much except to sleep, but I do suggest requesting a room that is not a corner room. The bellman brought up our luggage and was very cordial. The most memorable event staying at the hotel was the first day we came back to the hotel my mom had left her nightgown on the bed and when we entered the room we saw the bed neatly made and the nightgown folded neatly on top. It gave us a good laugh. The concierge was very knowledgable and gave us some good tips for restaurants and some of the better shopping places. We had a very good experience and would definitly book there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>epowers1127
<Content>Bring paper proof of your reservation and any cancellations..... I had planned a trip for my family to visit NYC, and the hotels we have stayed at in the past were booked. I came across the Belvedere, and the reviews and website made it look rather nice. We really did not need anything fancy because of the small amount of time we would be spending in the room. Here are the positives and negatives of the Belvedere:Positives:*clean, large (by NYC standards) rooms*bellmen were EXTREMELY friendly and accomodating*you can store your luggage if your room is not ready for no extra charge, and they will also store it for you after check-out if needed*excellent location for Broadway and Times Square....easy 5 minute, safe walkNegatives: (Main reason I rated the Belvedere so low)*beds are extremely uncomfortable *I made 3 reservations for the Belvedere. We only ended up needing 1 room, so I cancelled the other two. I cancelled on their website, and they gave me a cancellation number. The cancellation number was the same as the reservation number, so I just recorded the numbers on the page I had printed for our correct reservation confirmation, and thought we would be fine. When we arrived at the hotel, the VERY rude front desk clerk told us we had 2 rooms reserved. My husband and I argued with her for about 10 min. and in the end she told us that unless we had physical proof of the cancellation, we would have to pay for both rooms. I had received emails confirming my cancellations, so we had to pay to use their computers to prove that we had cancelled BOTH reservations. We brought the physical, paper proof of the emails showing the cancellations to her, and received NO apology! Unfortunately, the rudeness of the front desk clerk will keep us from ever coming back to the Belvedere. My warning for anyone else giving the Belvedere a try, make sure you bring physical proof of any reservations or cancellations with you.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	1	5	1	

<Author>jbthbt
<Content>The most dissapointing Hotel Experience I've ever had MY wife and I recently spent a night in The Belvedere Hotel in New York city and I must say, I expected so much more from a $300 hotel stay. I have had better accommodation in much cheaper hotels. The quality of craftsmanship in the actual construction was very disappointing, not the mention the fact that there was more of that poor quality craftsmanship going on in the room directly above us. The construction was so loud we had to scream in order to hear one another. The power kept going out in our room also. Whether a result of the construction above or the use of a hair dryer I don't know, but very inconvenient nonetheless. It seemed like so many of the basic necessities were afterthoughts, such as the light switch for the bathroom, which was found outside and behind the door. The microwave and refrigerator were hidden behind the entrance door and sacrificed functionality. I'm not completely sure where they got the king size bed, but it felt as if it were nothing more than a piece of plywood with an foam egg crate mattress topper. The air conditioning unit was another afterthought, as it was a window unit rather than a built in, which is something I generally associate with much cheaper hotels. For some reason our $199 room ended up with a $306 charge on our credit card, which is confusing considering we ordered no movies, etc. The Belvedere Hotel all but ruined our NYC experience and I know that the city must have much better hotels to offer  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	3	1	

<Author>jsbrown
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere - Feb 2007 I did alot of research on finding a hotel near the theater for a show we had tickets for and after reading many reviews on tripadvisor booked at the Belvedere. It was over $100 cheaper than others in the vicinity. Right before our trip there were some negative reviews so I was a little tentative about our stay. However, we were more than pleasantly surprised. The staff at the Belvedere were all competent, friendly and extremely helpful. Our room was clean and well appointed. The bathroom was on the small side - but I'll take a small, clean bathroom over a large, not so clean one anyday! The location was great - we were able to walk every where we wanted to go and felt safe. A side perk of staying at the Belvedere was the Brazilian Restaurant connected to it. Wow - what an experience. Although we only had a drink there (You MUST try the national drink of Brazil!) the atmosphere, food, service etc. has us looking forward to eating there on our next trip into New York. We would definitely stay at the Belvedere again!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>agy
<Content>Great value hotel in a good location What a great find! Having stayed in some pretty poor hotels in NYC at around this price, I wasn't expecting much. But, I was pleasently surprised by this hotel. The room was large, the bed comfortable, and the decor and furniture in pretty good condition. It was useful having a full size fridge, microwave and sink in the kitchenette area too. Staff were friendly and helpful, and there were some great places to eat on 8th and 9th avenues nearby. I will definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>mainecoast5
<Content>Low Price Hotel Very Clean in NYC Theatre District The service at the Hotel is as good as it gets, there was not wait at the desk, the concierge is very knowledgeable and the Bell Men were excellent. The attitudes of all the employees were excellent.The hotel is very clean. I will say that it is a bit worn, the elevators are slow and small and the bathroom is tiny. The room was small but so are most of the rooms in NYC. I would not rate the beds or pillows as the top of the line in comfort but the quality of the linnens was fine. It was worth the price, but i probably would not stay here again.. i need a larger bathroom and a more spacious room in a better part of town. The area it is located in on the west side is fine if your visit is to visite the west side museums in the 80's or go to the Theatre district, but i prefer the Intercontinental and that area of the city near 5th ave and midtown.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annkaren
<Content>Great Hotel Myself, partner and son are just back from a nine night stay in New York, and we would definitely recommend this hotel. I booked it thorugh gta hotels and got it for 1123 euro for the nine nights, this was room only but with so many places to eat right on your doorstep, breakfast is not a problem.The Location of the hotel is excellent as its so close to everything. This was our 4th time in New York but our first stay in the Belvedere, and having stayed in the Hilton Times Square the last time , I found this hotel to be much better value although the rooms were a little dated but spacious none the less and the little kitchen is handy if you fancied heating up a snack or just having a coffee.Staff in the hotel were very friendly, and at hand to answer any questions.For eating out there is a great bbq place on 42nd street called Dallas Bbq which was great value for big portions. Ideal for families and people on a budget or long stay.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flightlevels
<Content>Above Average for the price. As a family of seven we booked three rooms at The Belvedere for three nights in mid February. The hotel is fairly good value considering the excellent location just off Times Square, though the bathrooms are very small and one had cracked porcelain.We had a few small issues (such as broken hairdryer) which were remedied immediately. Other issues, such as one room which was stiflingly hot, were remedied by keeping the window open in the sub freezing temperatures.My only real complaint was that when we requested a late check out at 2pm (as we were on an evening flight out of JFK ) we were initially told by helpful front desk staff on the previous evening that this would probably be OK. On the morning in question, however, we were told that this would incur a half day charge (approx US$125) per room. This was despite my offer to vacate two of the three rooms at 8 am rather than the midday check out by way of a deal so that chambermaids could turn over these rooms early.I fully recognise that staff are under pressure to turn over rooms but conflicting advice/attitudes took just a little shine off our stay.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mdw
<Content>Great Location, Very Friendly staff, Ask for a low floor We stayed at the hotel from the 3rd February to the 9th February. The hotel was a very good and comfortable. I would stay here again. Check the hotel website for specials that include breakfast because its too expensive to pay $17+tax for it. However we got a rate of $199per night including breakfast.We stay on the 17th floor for the first night and the room was freezing cold. (Granted it was one of the coldest fews in New York for a long time) There was no heat in the rads at all. The next day I informed the desk and they gave us a choice of 3 rooms none had heat working but beacuse they were on lower floors they were a lot warmer. The staff did everything they could for us. Thank you all very much. Stay on high floors during warm weather!!! Stay on low floors during cold weather.Location was brill!! Only a few blocks from everything, Port Auth Bus(For Woodbury Common and Jersey Gardens), Subway, Shops, Time Square, Bars and Cafes.Shopping I would recommend Jersey Gardens $9.50 return compared to $35+ for Woodbury Common both from the port auth a couple of blocks down, Plus its indoor for the cold winter days.Eat in Buppa Gumps for a great view of Time Square. They do rush you off the table a little quick but you are right in the action.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FloridaPixie
<Content>GREAT Hotel!!! My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere December of 2000 (2000 was not an option when chosing dates for this review!) for our honeymoon in NYC. We had the BEST stay at this hotel, and felt so thankful that out of the hundreds of hotels in the city that we could have chosen, we chose the Belvedere. The location is perfect (quick walk to Times Square, museums, Central Park, shopping!), the rooms are comfortable, and the entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We plan to visit NYC again soon with our one-year-old daughter, and will definately stay at the Belvedere!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stratmel
<Content>Fantastic Location Fantastic location very central near Times Square, Theatres  Subway stations. The staff were very friendly and helpful especially when we had to stay for longer due to the bad weather/snow. The room was very clean and comfortable with a fridge and microwave. The lobby lifts were a bit slow so we used the one at the end of the corridor. The occasional building work was our only niggle as it was quite loud. We had an great time in New York dispite the weather and would highly recommend the Belvedere to our friends.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Maui2soon
<Content>Nice desk people! Room variable We booked two rooms three people each, ended up over $1200. which I thought was steep. No free breakfast or discounts because it was a school holiday week. The desk people are very nice! Door man too. Rooms big for new york, little worn and seedy . Problem with the shower was very frustrating. Couldn't stabilize water, so the water was mostly freezing, then boiling for a second--old worn out shower head didn't help. Asked daily for repairs--nothing happened. Paid extra for three people, but got only 2 washcloths, one little shampoo, two mugs, so we felt a little burned for $1200 bucks 2 nights.The location is great, the elevators fast, if I got a deal like other people did at this hotel I would go back!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corazon5
<Content>Excellent hotel I spent a week in this hotel from 7th - 14th February 2007.The hotel location is perfect for anyone who wants to visit Manhatten. The hotel is just 2 minutes walk from Times Square and just around the corner from the Gray Line Tourist Centre. The hotel is surrounded by shops, restaurants, bars, etc and everything you need can be found practically outside the hotel door.The hotel staff are very professional offering an excellent service. The staff are polite and friendly. The hotel also offers a facility where you can book tours, theatre tickets, excursions etc directly from the hotel. The reception area is very big, spacious, very clean, modern and very beautiful. The hotel rooms are very big ( we had a king size room but the price of a king size room in the belvedere was the same as an ordinary room in any other hotel ). The rooms are very well equipped with everything you need. The housekeeping was excellent. Every night I came back to a perfectly clean and tidied room.The service offered by the hotel is very efficient and fast. We had a problem with our hairdryer and our safety deposit box and within 2 minutes of my phonecall to the reception, someone had come to the room and everything was repaired immediately. Apart from those 2 minor details, we had no problems at all.The rooms are old style rather than very modern but all the furniture is in perfect condition. The bed is of excellent quality.If I was going back to New York, I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wackedout
<Content>The Best Location and Great Staff.  This hotel was booked directly through the hotel. The breakfast buffett ($16.95) was included every day of our stay. Outstanding. The staff was A+++. The location for restaurants and theatre was the best. My only complainant was that the room was really warm. You could either open the window or use the air unit. Up to you. By far the best kept secret in NY. I was told that the maint. man could adjust the room but we only stayed for 3 nights. This will defininately be my first choice for any return visits to NY.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandrabertelle
<Content>You Must Stay Here! An Incredible find!! It's right smack dab in the middle of the theater district, and everything about it was perfect. Beautiful rooms and public spaces, incredible staff, great business center, and within a few blocks of every major Broadway Theater! This is a secret treasure. If you book directly with the hotel's website, you get a better rate, and it includes a fantastic buffet breakfast. We'll never go anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stortzenheimmer
<Content>Great place, Great Staff Great staff are not just found they are developed and this hotel has great staff. Rooms are good but beds are really hard. If I had one suggestion it would be to offer some rooms with foam beds or sleep number beds.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mgmHertfordshire
<Content>great location Just back from five nights in the Belvedere and felt the need to write in support of the hotel. Location cannot be faulted, short walk to the subway, Times Square and the theatres on Broadway. Our room had a kingsize bed and was on the 14th floor it faced the back of the hotel, it was extremely quiet and the view was good. The room was very spacious and much larger than I thought it would be having read some previous reviews. It was also in good decorative order. Yes the bathroom was quite small, but just how much time do you spend in a bathroom when there's so much to see and do in New York. Housekeeping was excellent.The price represented excellent value for money and this comes from someone who never books anywhere without first checking up on tripadvisor.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunsetCoaster
<Content>We'll be back First time in NYC, but not the last. Fell in love with the city and its people. Glad to see the stereotype of rude New Yorkers is just a stereotype. We found everyone, everywhere, to be friendly and helpful. And felt safer than in our own small hometown.As for The Belvedere, when we return to NYC, we'll be staying at the Belvedere unless it's booked up. Enjoyed our stay there - 4 nights in early January. Location was great, front office staff were great, price was great. Room was perfect for what we were expecting at that price. We can't afford Trump or the Hilton, so our expectations are based on that. And actually, The Belvedere exceeded those expectations. We were expecting smaller and drearier since NYC is supposed to be so expensive. But we found excellent value. We had a room facing the back, which was very quiet, although the hotel is on a not-so-busy street. They were doing some construction up the road though, which might have proved noisy for those in the front.The Olympic Diner around the corner is a great little diner for good value simple breakfasts. Fast service, lovely staff. We also liked the Sombrero Mexican Restaurant down the block. Times Square and the Theatre District are a few minutes walk away, as are subway stations. The location was so handy.Two thumbs up from us. We'll be back.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>laceyjb02
<Content>Great Location and Price I have stayed at this hotel twice and was very happy with my stay each time. The hotel is not a grand hotel but the lobby is very nicely decorated, the staff was always helpful and the rooms were clean and a good size. It is so close to Times Square and a nice stroll to Central Park. There are lots of great places to eat nearby that are a bargain. The West Side is known to have lots of great places to eat. We ate at the mexican place behind the hotel, you can actually see it from the rooms. It's called Blockheads, they have great afternoon deals on their margaritas. I also ate at the mexican place a few buildings down from the hotel, (forgot the name) they had really good food too. You can't beat this hotel for the location and price.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Straphanger
<Content>Perfect for a theater/dining blitz Clean, quiet and safe,with outstanding housekeeping and front desk service. 1/2 block off 8th Avenue in a pefectly nice neighborhood. Booked through Traveolcity for a very reasonable price. If you like to lounge around a hotel, this is probably not your place. If you use your hotel as base from which to enjoy the city, the Belvedere is perfect.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Princess32
<Content>Not what we had hoped... I stayed at the belvedere a few weeks ago and unfortunately, I was not informed that there would be extensive construction going on at the time. They first put us in a room that was so loud and actually vibrated from all the work happening on the floor below. The rooms are small, the elevators even smaller and the bed are uncomfortable. The internet connection is extremely slow and good luck with the elevators. Overall, I was hoping this hotel would be a clean, comfortable place to stay based upon reviews, but I was really disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bilo94
<Content>Belvedere- slightly above average My wife and I stayed here for five nights in early February. The room was very small but comfortable. Bathroom was tiny but very clean and was kept that way by the housekeeping staff. They did an excellent job each day. We booked directly with the Hotel and took advantage of an attractive rate that included a full american breakfast buffet every morning. This was quite nice and well prepared even though by the fifth morning the menu was getting a bit stale. The location is very convenient to Time Square and many restaurants in the area are attractive compliments to the hotel. Bell and Door staffs were very accomodating and concierge services were avaialble if needed. We would stay here again but if I had to do it over, I would certainly ask if they had a bit larger room. Not the best, but all in all, a pleasent stay.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>IluvtoVaycay
<Content>The Internet?? No Room Service!! Well It is not that anything horrible happened but some things could have been different. First let me say the Hotel was *clean*great location but the front desk staff was a bit iffy. *Monica was a little [--] to me.The internet is awful. I had to pay 8.00 for wireless internet that never got a signal and if it did it ran slower than dial up.There is NO ROOM SERVICEThe restaurant only serves breakfast buffets which is more like a couple of old eggs and some bad coffee.It was good the room had a fridge and microwave. I went to a food shop at the corner that was almost like an internet cafe at 1am and got some snacks. It was so shadyyyy the place.The desk tried to charge me tickets to mary poppins for 130 dollars each!. I got third row seats off ticket master for 110 dollars each.The heat made a lot of noise and constant banging early in the morning due to renovations on the floor above.Let me just say I have fun and good memories from this place. It was not bad just some things like room service would have been nice :)  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SydneyFamily
<Content>Very dissappointed, how did it rate so well on trip advisor? Having read the reviews of Trip advisor we booked a room at the Belvedere for a 4 night stay Dec 26 to Dec 30. This is an expensive time of the year so the nightly rate was at a premium.The room on the 12th floor was very ordinary. It was too hot and the heating was either on or off. The only way to cool the room was to turn on a noisy air conditioner or to open the window and have the traffic noise. The sheets did not fit the double bed. they were too small. The bathroom was old and in need of an upgrade. Shower poor water flow. No shelving for personal products.The location was good but so are other hotels in the vacinity.In January we came back for another 4 night stay in New York and this time stayed at Hilton New York. What a pleasure.That hotel should be rated way above the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>estragon
<Content>A very good tourist hotel This is a great tourist hotel -- reasonably priced, centrally located, with decent sized rooms and comfortable beds. It's an older property, with a finicky heating system and somewhat shabby furniture, but in my room at least, the money had been spent on the most important elements: the bed and the spotless (though small) bathroom.Check-in was very smooth, and both my colleague and I were allowed to check in early. My room was cold, but the hotel promptly sent someone to fiddle with the windows and the valve on the radiator, and eventually supplied a space heater. My colleague had to wait an hour and a half to get his TV fixed... but then, who comes to New York to watch TV in their hotel room? Overall, in my experience, service at the Belvedere was excellent.And now, some quibbles:It would be nice to have an armchair or at least a second chair in the room. And the heating system definitely needs work.The breakfast? Forget it! $17 for an American breakfast and $12 for an extremely mediocre continental is a joke, even at New York prices. Have breakfast at one of the many places in the neighbourhood (but avoid the overpriced Pigalle at the corner of 8th, where we had one of the worst breakfasts of all time).Internet service at the hotel is a joke. The Belvedere is definitely not a good business hotel. There is a 24-hour business centre, which consists of a few pay-as-you-go internet terminals at 25 cents a minute, some of which don't work (according to some other guests). Wireless access in the rooms is $10 a day. I needed to send a file to a client on my last day, so I agreed to pay the ten bucks. The connection was extremely poor and conked out for good after five minutes. I am amazed at how many large hotels overcharge for substandard internet access. If you charge for it, it had better be bulletproof.Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Belvedere again when on vacation or on a work trip that doesn't require a lot of time spent at the hotel. But the poor internet service and lack of other business amenities really makes this a place to sleep, not work.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>oghowie
<Content>It used to be better This is the 3rd time we have stayed at the Belvedere in NYC since we do 2 trade shows a year in New York. We used to love it, but it's just not up to our standards anymore. Our previous stays were pretty good but we had numerous problems this time. First, we reserved a Queen bed over 2 months in advance and weren't able to get it, so we took 2 doubles for our 4 night stay.The room we got was also in need of repair. The bathtub drain was disgusting and the metal covering had been removed for some reason. The bathroom sink was also leaking water onto the floor so we had to place a towel there so that the whole bathroom floor wouldn't be wet.It also got chilly during our stay and we found out that the room didn't have its own heater, only an ac. Room service had to bring up a portable heater for us to use during our stay.Another thing that bothered me was that the bell boys had frowns on their faces the whole time and just looked like they didn't want to be there.Overall, the hotel has a good location (close to Times Square) and decent prices, but is in desperate need of a makeover. For our next trade show, we'll definitely be looking to stay in another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>krisq78
<Content>Very satisfied My wife and I visited the Belvedere Hotel for 4 nights starting on January 18th and were pleased with the accomodations. We arrived to the hotel at around 1:00 PM and I was a little worried that we would not be able to check in so early, but it was not a problem at all and was never even brought up. We booked our room at Hotels.com and paid about $200 a night after taxes. Hotels.com assigned us to a room with 2 double beds, but the hotel was happy to honor my request to be upgraded to a room with 1 king bed. Also, the upgraded room also brought us up to the top floor of the hotel (17th floor) with a very nice view of the city.I did a ton of research before booking a hotel in New York City and I believe it paid off with finding this hotel. The hotel was not perfect but the rooms were good size, we had a fridge and microwave, the view was great, the room was clean, and the location was awesome! As mentioned by most reviews on this hotel it is only about a 5 minute walk to Times Square. The hotel seemed to be in a very safe neighborhood.The only negative comments I have about this hotel are the staff was not very friendly, and the doorman/bellboy was pretty much non existant as we had to carry our own bags to and from the room. Please do not read too much into this however as even though the staff was not overly friendly, it does not mean they were unpleasant. I am from Wisconsin where people tend to be genuinely nice, especially when dealing with the service industry.A few side notes:A cab ride from JFK airport to the Belvedere Hotel is $49 and covers your fare, plus tolls. With a decent tip plan on paying $60 each way from the aiport.Use the subways. At only $2 a person each way it is very economical and we never felt unsafe. There is a subway station down on 50th St (The E Train) which is only a block away that will take you all the way down to the financial district (the World Trade Center Terminal).Skip the big restaurants and eat at all of the corner store deli's and pizza places. If you want to go to a Broadway show find the TKTS ticket booth to purchase tickets the day of the performance. This ticket booth sells all of the different theatres surplus tickets on the day of the performance. We purchased 2 tickets to Rent, orchestra level seats, for only $51 each. These were half priced tickets. The TKTS booth is under construction in Times Square, you can't miss the building, although small, but the temporary location is right near by in front of the Marriot Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Han_chan
<Content>A real gem Ok, so reading endless reviews might get tiring, but you should honestly believe how great this hotel is. Before me and my boyfriend booked our trip to NYC, we sourced loads of reviews for hotels on tonnes of different sites. This hotel came up trumps time and time again. So we took the plunge and booked it.... It was definately the right choice to make, a great location a few steets from Times Square, Subway stations a few blocks away, great friendly service and fantastic sized rooms. I had read about many other hotels having tiny rooms that was typical of NYC, but don't compromise, go here, the rooms are a great size with a small kitchenette incase you want to bring some food to your room. Great! Very clean (remember to tip your cleaner every day about $5, it's standard practise). The hotel doesn't have a restaurant, but who'd want one with so many choices outside your door. You're right by 'Restaurant Row', and for a great Big Apple experience go to the Olympic Diner on 8th Ave round the corner for breakfast. It's cheap, cheerful and has all the American-style breakfasts you could want. -Another tip, we booked this hotel through purelyamerica.com and we got a great deal that meant the usual price of a room was cheaper by about 拢200 for the week!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meche
<Content>Belvedere is really good! I just got back from a very cold weekend getaway with two of my friends in New York City. Neither had been there before so we wanted to do the tourist type thing. I got a great deal at Expedia and used Trip Adviser to narrow my choices of where I would stay while there- the Belvedere was in the top 20 and for good reason. The location is nothing short of fabulous- 2 blocks from Times Square but quiet at night. The room had two double beds (that's a BIG room by New York standards if you're not in a typical chain hotel.) The bathroom is on the smaller side but this is an older hotel in NYC. The room was clean, had pleasing colors, and had plenty of drawer and closet space. It has an in-room safe that works quite well. The staff was friendly and very helpful- my only mild disappointment was that the doormen seemed to be on mental break at times and while I have no problem opening a door, one of the travellers in my group is quite elderly and has terminal cancer- she really needed prompter assistance on occasion. They serve breakfast but have no full service restaurant nor is room service available but there was a mini-frddge (empty), microwave, and coffee maker in the room. The concierge desk was helpful and had lots of suggestions. What I really loved was the fact that the wait for a cab was never more than 3 minutes and there is this incredible candle/Lamp Berge/incense store just past the hotel towards Time Square that is a lot of fun to wander in and Mohamed (the owner) is a really great guy!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>twklelylstar
<Content>Spendid stay After reading some of the negative reviews posted on this site, I was very skeptical about the hotel and our stay there. After our stay, I realized I should continue to stick to my motto of experiencing things for myself and not pay too close attention to other people's opinions. The hotel and room were very nicely decorated and the staff was both patient and helpful. Being new to the area, we had lots of questions - all of which were answered with geniune patience and kindness. When we needed to hail a taxi to leave for the airport at 5:00 AM, the receptionist had anticipated our needs before we finished the paperwork and had contacted the bellman. The bellman and taxi driver were already outside to assist us when we walked out of the hotel. Yes, the elevator and bathroom were small, but as I found out with several public restrooms, all the restrooms were small in NY. As for the elevator, we never had to wait too long and when one was full, the other was already on its way down/up to us. All in all, I would definitely consider this hotel again for our next trip to NY.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sha-7
<Content>Not as good as I thought it would be Spent a lot of time deciding to go here. Had a lot of trouble getting email confirmation - when I did call up to try and get this the lady at the other end of the phone was rude. Got there. Attractive from the outside but the inside was not as clean as I had expected. Lifts were so slow. Staff weren't overtly friendly. One night the whole corridor smelt of vomit. When I told reception and returned after dinner I could smell the mix of stale air freshner and vomit. The last straw was a cockroach that I found just outside my door. I reported this to reception and they said they would get back to me. They didnt and when I asked them about it the next day they denied every receiving the call!! Anyway I'll never go there again. Terrible stay and overpriced for the quality.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>pennysandnickles
<Content>Great value, No better Location!! Got a great deal for New York, the rooms were great, the mini kitchen came in so handy and saved us the trouble of getting up with the kids early, they got there own breakfast and watched cartoons and we got to have our coffee and get ready for the day on our own time. The staff was great, helpful and polite, very professional. The 24 hour laundry mat in the basement was a great perk, don't have to over pack or go back home with dirty clothes. It was very clean, not noisy at all, great bathroom, really deep old fashion bathtubs. There is a mini kitchen, the hallway and a bathroom before you hit the bed area, so there was no noise from the corridors, we got a room on the 14th floor so there was no street noise. It was a fantastic stay, we were there for 6 days, 5 nights. The corner stores with the full hot/cold buffets were awesome, something for everyone, we ate there 3 nights, it was cheap and good. There also is a 24 hour full grocery store near by, with a hot cold buffet on the main floor and the grocery store below called the Emporium I think that was great and reasonably priced. Great hotel for families, cable tv was included and you get lots of chanels with 24 hour kid programs for free. Only 2 blocks from Times Square, 3 for Broadway and 5 from 5th avenue shopping. Take the hop on/off tour it's worth it to get your bearings then take the local bus, or walk, it's just as fast there's so much traffic. The bus only takes change, no paper money, just to let you know.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheBigVe
<Content>A great place to stay We stayed in the Belvedere for 3 nights in mid December whilst experiencing the famous NYC Christmas ambience.The hotel had come recommended by our booking agent and we were given an excellent rate, so we were full of high expectation upon our arrival - it did not disappoint.It provided the perfect start to our trip, and having experienced a wonderful 3 nights there, it's now on our list for future visits.The Belvedere is very well situated, just a couple of blocks from theatreland and Times Square. The rooms were fairly spacious and very clean but the bathroom was smaller than expected. We were given a room on the 11th floor and had a wonderful view - its always worth asking for the street side rooms...better views!Staff there were very friendly, and always ready to help us with any questions or requests. Special mention has to go to the concierge desk, who, after recommending several top restaurants were extremely helpful in assisting with our request to arrange a diner reservation for a birthday we wanted to celebrate. We were also advised of a great breakfast stop round the corner called 'Olympic diner' which we eat out each morning -good value and the quickest service you'll find anywhere!The only downside to our stay was the lifts, which were both small and slow, and we did have to wait around a while for them. However, this did not detract from what was overall a fantastic stay and certainly value for money.The Belvedere is worth a visit.... we salute you!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>islandman43
<Content>Absolutely Pleased! For the budget minded, The Belvedere Hotel-NYC is outstanding for the price. We stayed there for 4 days and 3 nights the first week of 07. Family of 3. The hotel exceeded our expectations in everyway. We have stayed at all levels of hotels and The Belvedere ranks as one of the best operated hotels we have ever stayed in. It is an older hotel, but well kept. They had a friendly attentive staff and a very good conciere. It was very clean, quiet, and for the money an excellent value. Great location! The ONLY negative from our point of view was the elevators at peak times could be slow and crowded, but most of the time you didn't have wait too long. We would certainly stay there again! Dallas, TX  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>nickBed4d
<Content>excellent in all respects We just spent 3 nights at the Belvedere, covering the New Year holiday. What a great location - so near to the action without the downside of extreme noise - we had 2 rooms on the 10th floor- one overlooking the front, the other towards the rear - the front room had a decent view of the City, but with some of the ensuing traffic noise - the back room had no view but was quiet - very clean, all staff helpful - lifts were slow but try the 3rd service lift which was little used. Bring your own crockery / cutlery- decent microwave, fridge and coffee maker - no kettle though - v. clean and comfortable, hard to fault, we would certainly recommend to friends - a much better bet than the slightly cheaper Eddison hotel, which some of our party stayed at.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>scooplady
<Content>It was everything we expected and more. Once we had decided to visit New York it didn't take very long to realize that decent sized rooms were as rare as nice inexpensive rooms. After quite a bit of searching, we found that The Belvedere was very likely one of the best values for money spent in New York, normal sized room (large by New York standards) King size bed, complimented by a microwave, a refrigerator and an in room safe. Enhanced by a building that has been recently remodeled and a mid-block location on a quiet street. Reviews of the hotel seemed to indicate good experiences by all who stayed there although many people thought their elevators were too slow. This hotel was everything we thought it would be and more, we stayed on the 17th floor and couldn't see why anyone would complain about the elevators. The only time they were slow was when they were stopping at many floors each morning, a pretty normal thing given that all hotels are busy every morning. The planning has already started for our next visit to New York and there is no question that The Belvedere would be our choice again!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sanders-TRIP
<Content>Great location We stayed here from the 11th till the 19th of December. This was our first time in New York, and after reading the comments on this hotel I decided to book it...what a good choice. The rooms are large but the bathroom is tiny. The fridge and microwave in the room are very handy! We stayed on the 5th floor - it had no views but I wasn麓t going to spend my holiday looking out of the window so I wasn麓t bothered. A good thing about staying on this floor is that you didn麓t have to wait long for the lifts. The location was brilliant, close to the theaters etc... The metro is very safe and easy to use (there is a metro very close by to the hotel). I would recommend buying the City Pass and if you want to see a good broadway show see The Lion King - it was amazing! If you want a decent hotel for a reasonable price and great location, this is it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>vjohnson
<Content>NYC Great Location The Belvedere was not the hotel I chose for this NYC visit, however, it made a nice change of pace. The hotel originally chosen on Priceline was demolished to build condo's. The original location chosen was near Carnegie hall, not Times Square. All that said I have to say that our stay at the Belvedere was quite nice. The staff were wonderfully pleasant, it turns out that a continental breakfast was included, the rooms were immaculate and believe it or not, I did not find the elevator's that terribly slow most of the time. We arrived at the Belvedere at around 1:30PM, knowing that check in time was 4:00. We were pleasantly surprised as just as we were checking our luggage, the front desk stopped us and said that the room we were booked for was ready, would we like to proceed up. The location was excellent for theatre and restaurant choices, within walking distance of shopping, had easy access to liquor stores, a grocery and deli. This was a convient choice as they had a microwave and small refrigerator in the room. The rooms are fine for two persons, however, would be cramped with four. As noted by others, the bathrooms are small, but have great water pressure and lots of really hot water.The only criticisim of the Belvedere is that it is a little noisy being so close to Times Square (and we were on the 14th floor). This entire hotel is non-smoking which is wonderful!! As a suggestion, all NYC establishments should turn off the heat when it is 60-70 degrees, even though it is December.I would certainly recommend the hotel for a weekend stay in NYC.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bahston
<Content>GooD Value, Great Local After studying the reviews for the Belvedere Hotel on this website I booked a 3 night stay over Christmas weekend. I requested a quiet, renovated room. We checked into a room on the 7th floor and I was told all the rooms had been renovated. The furniture in the room was quite banged up, although clean. Because of this website I knew that the rooms on the upper flors were nicer and I requested a different room. It was no problem and we were moved to a room on the 14th floor, which was much nicer. Although it faced the street it was very quiet too.Our rate included breakfast which was extensive and not bad. However, if it wasn't included I would definitly find something more interesting elswhere.The best thing about this hotel is the location. We easily walked everywhere and always felt safe. It's right between the crazyness of Times Square and the old Hell's Kitchen neighbohood (nice, reasonable restaurants)I really can't complain about this hotel (excetpt the beds were a bit soft), the location and staff are great. I wouldn't hesistate to stay here again, but only on a high floor.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>golferadam
<Content>Close to Times Square We had a single room with king size bed. This hotel had everything you need if staying in NY: hot water strong showers and comfortable bed. The rooms were not spacious but that's not a surprise for a NY hotel. It was only a couple of blocks from Times Square which was great. Valet parking and bellhop service were good too. Staff was polite but not overly friendly. I did not have any special requests so I don't know how responsive they were in that area. Overall: a good place to stay if you are trying to see the sites of NYC and want to stay near a great tourist spot (Times Square).  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>radun10
<Content>Really enjoyed the Belvedere Stayed here from 29th November for 4 nights. We had a high floor as requested - so good views. Room was very clean and comfortable and reasonable size and even had a small kitchenette Hotel is in a great position, only 5 minutes walk from Times Square, but on a quiet side-street. I have seen that other reviewers complain about the slow elevators but we had no problems, we usually used the ones at the end of the hall as opposed to the 2 right in the lobby. Didn't eat in the hotel but could recommend either the Olympic Diner (for breakfast) or La Pigalle - both on 8th st, just round the corner. Would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Eagertogo
<Content>Great location The Belvedere was perfect for our three day stay. With three of us (two women, and one son) the corridor into the room offered a private nook for quick fchanges and the kitchenette area gave an extra sink for teeth brushing etc. .5 minutes walk to Times Square and all that surrounds it and a subway station 3 minutes walk. The Olympic Diner just round the corner on 8th was simple but really good for a quick relatively cheap breakfast. The smear of cream cheese on the bagel was so thick my son took a photo of it!My son used the gym at the Belvedere, and while it was modest it certainly had all that he needed. The staff were polite if not friendly.My only complaint was the elevators! Slow beyond belief!!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SusieQQ
<Content>Good Location for Theatre I just spent two nights at the Belvedere. My primary purpose for being in New York was to see three shows in two days and this location was great for that. The room was pleasant and clean. I had three problems which would make me hesitate to stay again in the future. 1) sometimes the wait for the elevator was long. 2) Bed was quite uncomfortable 3) The heat was stifling. The maid showed me how to turn off the radiator, but even then it was very hot in my room.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>welsh_couple1982
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere We have just returned from a fantastic five night stay at the belvedere! This was our second visit to new york and the hotel met all of our expectations. The staff were friendly and helpful, rooms were immaculate and location perfect, in walking distance to all shops and tourist attractions, such as central park where we got engaged during our stay! We requested a room on a high floor and we got just that, the 17th floor with amazing views overlooking new york city! Our room was very clean and spacious, big enough to store all of our shopping!!! We would without a doubt return to the belvedere!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DenJ33
<Content>Good location - no problems Stayed for 7 nights from 19th Nov - pretty much as advertised.If like us you like to do a show (or 5) and eat late this is a perfect location as main resturants (Resturant row / Hells Kitchen) are on your route back from Broadway. Mostly an easy walk (10min max) even in the rain. NB for a 24hr city most places still shut around 11pm... 12 at weekends.... and all day on Thanksgiving!If your room is near the service lift shaft it can be noisy during the day but no problem during hours that are important. Our room was good size with microwave and full size fridge so you can DIY breakfast although eating (Breakfast is good value - try 'Village' south on 8th) in NY is a major part of the fun. Keep an eye on the 20% automatically added service charge? and still space for the tip on the bill! in most resturants.Our room kept very clean and all staff were great... helpful efficient and friendly.Slightly negative points to bear in mind...Lifts are slow and very busy at peak times (8:30 - 9:30?)and NY is a very noisy city so a high room is good on both counts (at least you get in the lift - even if it does stop a lot).Good hotel, great location... not cheap and there are alternatives but it's location could save you any extra you pay?Have fun - NY is a magic city.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>nottsladies
<Content>we are coming back!! we are 5 girlfriends from UK who stopped at the Belvedere 24 Nov through 28 Nov 2006This was our second stay in New Yorkwe thought it suited us extremely wellexcellent location close to restaurants, Time Sq, central park, in fact most places within walking distancethe front rooms are noisy so ask for a high up one or a back room the front desk willingly exchanged one of ours after noisey neighbours and street noise, within an hour we had a different roomcases were at our rooms before we were and collected within 5 mins of phone callRooms were good size and cleanasked for extra pillows and they were delivered promplysmall lifts for size of hotel but hey make friends up closenice staff, smiled a lot and very pleasantwe will be back in 2008- warn the shops!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>kazoolene
<Content>Watch out for the concierge! After researching many hotels, my boyfriend and I were excited to stay at the Belvedere, with a decent price and great location. When we got there, everything was what we expected and saw on the website, and we were very satisfied - UNTIL THERE WAS A PROBLEM. After being slightly annoyed with the concierge getting reservations right next to our show, which was actually 14 blocks in the opposite direction, the only other question we needed to ask was airport transportation to Newark. She gave us our options which were: $65 cab (price sonded too high) or $24 each 2-hour shuttle bus (2 hours didnt sound right). Using many other concierges in the past and trusting their knowledge of a city we were unfamiliar with, we asked if there were any other options, and she said no - so we booked the shuttle. We later found out from a person we met that there was an $8 each 25-minute shuttle from Port Authority. When we asked the concierge lady about this, she said that she was not authorized to give that information because she is not familiar/affiiliated with that organization. We explained the lack of logic in paying $24 for a 2-hour shuttle versus $8 for a 25-min shuttle, and while she agreed, she said there was nothing she could do for us.We then explained the problem to the front desk, and they said the concierge is not affiliated with the hotel, something which I have never heard of before. We told them we enjoyed our stay but were very frustrated with the problem. We asked if there was anything they could do for us, and she said no. WE WOULD HAVE BEEN CONTENT WITH ANY TYPE OF COMP, EVEN A FREE BREAKFAST! The manager was rude, and I was very disappointed in their lack of respect toward their customer (and possible future business).So this is a good hotel in this price range, and I would recommend the hotel itself, but WATCH OUT if you have any problems, as the main desk is not inclined to fix problems, and do not trust the concierge to give you unbiased recommendations of the city, as they are affiliated with certain restaurants  businesses.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>DougieMac
<Content>Good Solid Hotel What a lot of nonsense people talk.My wife daughter and I stayed at this hotel 17th - 24 November. This was our first trip to NYC but not to the USA. It was a treat for our daughters 21st.The hotel staff were polite and helpfull. The porter had our bags up in the room within ten minutes. What do you want from a room when you are a tourist. You want it clean  tidy safe, functional. It was all of that. Yes the room was hot but we hit upon a magic idea of opening the window - even in November it was quite pleasantHere are the facts.Room 1420 facing 48th street2 double beds with clean fresh linen and bedspreads. The beds were soft and comfortable.The room was not huge but it slept the three of us and had plenty of storage space for our clothes. The room was equipped with ironing board and safe free of charge.The bathroom had a toilet. tub/shower and wash hand basin - what more do you want. It wasnt big enough for a foam party but it easily met our requirements to use all the facilities comfortably. It again was clean and the towels changed every day. Small point on the towels if you are over a 36 inch wats then the towels ar small, however a quick call to houskeeping had an additional batch at my door in under 15 minutes.The kitchen had a microwave, fridge, coffe making facilities, and a sink. I wasnt cooking thanksgiving diner but as a tourist eating in all the fantastic restaurants and diners it easily satisifed our requirements.Yes there is a fire station at the end of the block but it is no noisier than all the other noises in New York.The street felt safe and was definitely well located for all the attarctions and shopping.Would I recommend it YES I wouldAll in all what I am syaying this was a good hotel, some people just seem to gripe for the pickiest of things. Ok so the Internet access was a bit dodgy but so aree internet cafes. I can olny assume that if the wrong attitude and approach was made to the staff you would get the same back.If you want top class service with people fawning all over you and you want to live in your room then go somewhere else and pay over the oddsMy reasons for not giving it 5 stars was beacuse the towels wer too small and the heat in the roomI am a genuine tourist and it you wish to e-mail me then do so travelandtunes@aol.com  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>RinconTraveler
<Content>Excellent for the business traveler Terrific location, wonderfully helpful staff and a good sized room for the money in New York City. For business or as a base to visit the city for fun, this is the best I've found so far. I've stayed at this hotel twice in the last 6 months. Especially compared with a lot of the boutique hotels in New York City, this is a place with a staff that is short on attitude and long on great customer service.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DGunner
<Content>A Good Bargain, friendly, roomy and clean Bottom line - a good hotel at a good price.Pros - Very Clean, very friendly and helpful staff, above average size room, convenient to all of Times Square, Restaurant Row, Hell's Kitchen eateries, and anything else in mid-town, great bargain ($174 at Hotel site) for what you get.Cons - Noisy from outside (try to get higher level room - we were on 5th floor facing street), tiny bathroom (usually not a problem, but you could not sit straight without knees hitting wall), hot room with no thermostat, beds hard as a rock, elevators small (VERY small) and slow.Would I stay again? Absolutely - but I would make sure I have a higher level room. The staff was great, the rooms were emaculate and roomy.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>onthegoinny
<Content>The Good the Bad and the Ugly My daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere Nov. 19-22. Our first impression was a rough one as when checking in the reception desk had no record of my reservation 鈥?the reservation through Expedia (paid in full) and the confirmation number means nothing to the hotel. We were told to wait on a couch while they checked it out. 20 nail biting minutes later they 鈥渇ound鈥?the information 鈥?they had not entered it into the system. No comps or I am sorry involved. Let me say I have stayed in a few hotels in NYC 鈥?this is my 4th trip and this one was just okay. A few things to keep in mind, the hotel is located a block down from a fire station, there are calls day and night 鈥?if you need quiet this is not your bag. The window in our room 1508 was broken, it would not go up and down but it WOULD open completely in as if to wash the window. Be aware a large adult could fit through the window this could be dangerous with children. The view was very nice. I had read previous things about the air conditioning not working, the heat however works VERY well, there are no individual controls in the room so we had the air conditioning running all the time to keep it tee shirt bearable.We went to the internet room and put my charge card in 鈥?it is $3.00 for 12 min which I thought reasonable 鈥?until my computer 2 min into the session crashed. I went to the front desk worried that without signing out it would continue to charge my card. The woman was aggravated to say the least and said 鈥渋t won鈥檛 charge the card鈥?okay then鈥?so I mentioned I only received 2 of 12 min and she reluctantly gave me a 5 min voucher 鈥?glitch is you have to pay to get in to use the voucher 鈥?my only advise use CASH. I called my bank and there was a $10 hold, ended up I was charged me $10 for the 2 min. I have stayed in a few hotels in NYC 鈥?the fridge and microwave are nice to have but all in all the Hampton Inn a block up and over is basically the same price and has a free hot continental breakfast, 24 hour coffee and to go bags for a snack. Well worth a few $$ more to save on finding a breakfast joint in Times Square. One last point 鈥?I asked for late checkout as I had read previously they were really accommodating about having a late flight. Mind you not one day was our room cleaned prior to 4pm but when I asked for a late check out the desk clerk said the best they could do was 1pm. If the room would be dirty until 4pm why a 1pm check out? I was appreciative for the hour but really did not understand.The location is nice the hotel okay, keep in mind 鈥?there are many choices for the same price.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>pellapopper
<Content>Fantastic stay at The Belvedere - NYC We booked our stay at The Belvedere in New York City through Skoosh.com. It turned out to be a great deal for the location and amenities. Paid $260 for 1 night.If you don't need a resort hotel and just a clean, nice place to stay this is it. 2 blocks from Times Square and a few more to Rockefeller Plaza. The location is great. Just out of the wildness of Times Square and in a decent neighborhood. We felt safe the whole time we were there and around the surrounding area.The room was clean and nice. Perhaps a bit small, but for New York, it was great. TV, Microwave, small Fridge, bathroom with tub/shower, A/C unit. We were on the top floor and had a nice view of the city.We came early to the hotel just to drop off our luggage and they had a room ready for us (10:30am). We were VERY impressed. It was nice to be able to ditch our stuff and freshen up a bit before hitting the town.There is a gym on the second floor, as well as an ice machine. There are elevators in the center of the hotel and well as at the ends of the hall. The middle ones tend to be slow in the morning because so many people are using them.There is a restaurant in house, but we chose to eat elsewhere because it was expensive. The olympic diner (around the corner to the left) was a great breakfast place. Costs about $6-$10 each. We ordered and had the food on our table in 3 minutes.The Italian restaurant (turn left on the corner with the flowers and go a block or two) was very tasty. Caffe Cielo? Or something like that. Cost us about $60 for an appetizer, 2 sodas, 2 dinners, and a dessert to share. Pretty good dinner deal really. We loved the food. They've been there for 20 years, so they've stood the test of time.The Belvedere is a great place to stay. The location is fantastic and safe. The subway is just around the corner a block away. We had a great time and I would definitely go back there if given the chance!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bienfait
<Content>2nd Stay at the Hotel- Excellent Place, Location and Price This was our 2nd stay at the hotel, and once again thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The location is awesome, staff exceptional and the price was great compared to other hotels in the area. We stayed in one of the King Size Executive Rooms which was very roomy and most comfortable. We would definitely recommend this hotel, and plan on staying there again when next in NYC.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MMMH
<Content>What a perfect hotel I stayed with a friend in the Belvedere Hotel for six nights from Oct.29th to Nov.4th. We had the most fantastic holiday and our hotel really contributed to this. It has the very best location on a nice quiet but safe street. We never felt threatened in any way walking home at night.The staff were most helpful, especially the consierge. We ate breakfast in the hotel every morning which offered 2 menus, the continental for $12 and the full american for $16. The restaurant was spotlessly clean with lots of staff on hand. The rooms were really big, in our twin room we had 2 nice double beds. We also had a kitchenette complete with kettle, microwave, fridge and coffee maker!! There is a safe in each of the spotless rooms.There is a little supermarket a couple of doors up which was handy too. There isn't a bar in the hotel which is a pity as it would have been nice at night to have a few drinks in situ however this is the only negative thing we could say and it's not that important. Another really big plus is that the office for the Grey Line bus company is just around the corner so any time we were doing a tour we hadn't far to go. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough. It is perfect for anyone who wants to really see New York. Perhaps if you wanted late night parties and drinking it might be a bit too tame but for the tourist who is interested in sightseeing, shopping and going to the theatre it's the perfect base. I wouldn't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MaDunne
<Content>Great Hotel. Perfect Location Great Hotel. Everything you need. Close to all the Theaters and Times Square (only a 2 minute walk!). Very clean. Room was made uo every day with fresh towels etc. Friendly staff. Great bar on corner called Social if you are a sports fan! Food great there too. Highly reccommend!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Scarletchez
<Content>Good value htoel Great little hotel with helpful staff and close to all the sights and scenes of NY.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>botbar
<Content>do not stay here Paid $300, Room 1503, it appears that the rooms are being renovated, but according to the front desk, our room WAS a renovated room (no way). Bedspread looked about 15 years, not clean, pilled, with holes in it. - yuck. You get better pillows and blankets on an airplane! The mattress - forget it, the worst. Realistically, the lobby was not bad, but again, the furniture in the room looked like it was from a college dorm, again 15 years USED. I do not recommend. The Lucerene (same reservation system) was much better. If you must stay here, see the room first, make sure everything is new. Oh yeah, the AC was the portable in window type, so no central AC.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brendi1
<Content>Very satisfied the people working at the hotel were very helpful and very polite...I have a group of 5 ladies that go to New York twice a year and we will stay at this hotel each time.. walking distance to every thing...very safe  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LMCG130
<Content>Had a great time a the Belvedere I organised a surprise trip to New York for my Boyfriends 30th Birthday at the start of October for 4 nights. I had originally booked the Milford Plaza in New York and after reading reviews I decided not to stay there!! I was so glad that I made the decision to stay at the Belvedere....the hotel was great....!!!! I paid 拢755 for the 4 nights, which compared to some prices of hotels in NYC was reasonable!!...We stayed on the 11th floor and the room had 2 Queen size beds (one which was great for holding all our shopping)....it also had an ironing board and an Iron (this was a real plus since my boyfriend never irons anything b4 packing it)....it also had a mini Kitchen with a fridge. Our room was cleaned everyday, which was great..!!!...The location of the hotel was just perfect we walked almost everywhere....the only time we took the underground was to visit ground zero....!!...After a hard days shopping and sightseeing we visited a lovely shop right beside the hotel that sells all different kinds of oils and lotions. I got some lovely bath salts and relaxed in the hotel, which was great and set us up for the next day...! Without a thought I would book to stay at the Belvedere again and I have already been recommending it to others! During our stay we got engaged which made our trip to NYC even more special..!!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>dlcroswell
<Content>Wonderful Stay This was a wonderful hotel in a perfect location! It was my first trip to NYC and I will always return to the Belvedere for future trips. The NY1 package that includes the buffet breakfast was nice, however, breakfast can be found less expensive on the corner at the Pigalle Brasserie. There is also a store/deli right on the corner where you can get beverages to put in the fridge in your room. I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. Twice during my stay the room key had to be reactivated. The staff said ths was due to the key being near a debit/credit card, etc in my purse. Finally I started using the envelope for the key  it didn't happen again. The main elevator is in the lobby  does take a few minutes if the hotel is full. Plus it is very small. Maybe 3 people with luggage can fit at one time. I had read on here previously about the two side elevators  boy was I glad! Never a wait at those! It is the best kept secret at this hotel. The location of the Belvedere is fanastic. You are literally within walking distance of everything - Times Square, Broadway plays, Grand Central, Rockefeller Plaza, NBC Studios,etc. The subway was exciting. We took it to Chinatown for shopping and eating at Wo Hop, great food! We also took the subway to Little Italy for eating at Angelo's  cocktails at Nino's. Highly recommend these food places. The tour bus with the seats on top was awesome. We bought the two day pass for $45 dollars  it was worth every penny. You can get on  off wherever you want and since they are constantly running it isn't difficult to find one when you are ready to go to another place. The tour guides are also very infomative. I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYCFanNI
<Content>Another Great Stay at the Belvedere! We stayed in the Belvedere for 6 nights from 28th Oct. This was our 2nd visit to the hotel. [---] Arrived around 4pm and were allocated room 1721 on the top floor, it was a queen room as no king rooms available at that time, check in was quick and the receptionist was friendly. The room had plenty of space to be comfortable in even with all our shopping bags! It was also very clean, lots of towels in the bathroom as well as some toiletries. Bathroom is perfectly adequate (it鈥檚 bigger than the bathroom we had at home growing up in!) There is a small kitchenette with fridge, coffee maker and microwave, all very handy for us.There was a safe, iron and ironing board in a clothes cupboard (closet). A TV with quite a number of channels available, a bedside radio alarm clock, internet access point as well.Room was made up everyday, cleaned and fresh towels left. Extra pillows arrived quickly when requested too. Never had any problems with the lifts鈥here are 2 additional ones at the end of each corridor, use them too! All the staff we spoke too where every helpful and friendly (reception, concierge, doorman, bellboy, maids and even the maintenance man). The hotel stored our bags until our car arrived on departure day also.Hotel is in a prime location to walk to all the theatres and a lot of tourist attractions. 50th Street subway station is just around the corner. Olympic diner is great for breakfast as are the 2 deli鈥檚 just at the end of the street. We had our window open a little every night and still slept through, don鈥檛 worry about street noise.I only have one gripe鈥?.no response to emails, I emailed 3 times asking for confirmation on our reservation, I had to make a long distance call in the end.Would we stay here again鈥?definately!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>foreverrockin
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! my boyfriend and I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel on west 48th in NYC for two nights, 10/30 and 10/31...I booked this location based on reviews from this site and the hotel site. It was perfect. We got there about 8pm...got checked in within minutes.. the first thing we did was check for the things we heard about (bed bugs, dirty conditions, etc..)..we found NOTHING wrong with the room. it was fairly large, had a private bath, which is rare in NYC hotels, two beds, a large marble bathroom and a small kitchenette with a microwave, refrigerator and coffee pot...and that was only the standard room...we were in and out alot...and even went dressed for halloween. the staff was very pleasant..and commented to us about the costumes, etc. they were at the door within 5 min of requesting additional towels or coffee...and the doorman hailed the taxi for us when we were leaving. ..this hotel normally goes for $258 a night. located a few blocks from Times Square, one street away from restaurant row and 2 blocks from the subway entrance. A tip for travelers..book through Otel.com. I got it for $103 a night and the site gives you money back. I now have $12 towards my next trip...you won't regret your stay there...a Perfect stay for a perfect trip!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>budsfan
<Content>Read the reviews and they're right on! Stayed here October 10 - 13/06 after carefully reading reviews and checking out rates for other properties, The Belevdere was an excellent choice. Don't want to dwell too much of what has already been written, but if you're looking for NYC afforable accomodation within walking distance to most of the major sites then this is a great choice. The street it is on is a tad quieter than most and has a great New York feel to it. The subway is just around the corner if want to venture further like we did to Ground Zero, Liberty Island, Chinatown and Little Italy. The rooms are an adequate size for the time you're in them and we never had an issue with elevators. We arrived early in the day around 12:30 pm and we got a room without a problem. The conceirge was very helpful in rebooking our airport shuttle for our outbound flight. There are so many restaurants and pubs along restaurant row in the neighbourhood that we never ate at the hotel. The Olympic Diner was a great choice for a full breakfast for two for like $15 and awesome burgers along your favourite beverage for an early pre-theatre snack were served at the bar and grill (but the name escapes me).This was our first time to the BIG Apple and the Belvedere didn't disappoint.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>EdinburghBabe
<Content>Belvedere - Fantastic Hotel My husband, 14-year old son, and I stayed in the Belvedere (Room 1427) for 5 nights arriving late on 14 Oct and checking out on 19 Oct. We thought that the room was fairly large compared to the other New York hotels we have stayed in (Hilton Times Square and Century Paramount). The room had two double beds, two windows, was non-smoking, light and airy, clean and well decorated. We had no problems whatsoever with the lifts, in fact one of the side lifts was right by our room door but there was no noise from it. The location was superb and the staff were efficient and friendly. We would definitely stay here on any return visit to NY. Congratulations to the management and staff.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chocolatefriend
<Content>Just the BEST !!! What a wonderful place ! We had checked in and out of another hotel due to construction noise and had called them and arrived less than half an hour later. We were on the 9 th floor and arrived Tuesday October 17 and left Saturday October 21and they coudn't be more helpful including a free late checkout until 2pm due to late flight.Great big rooms looked out on the street, no other guest noise, comfortable beds and a cute kitchenette as well.Fantastic location just walked to the theatres and this is right in the district with thousands of restaurants too ! From an Aussie girl who was 16 last time she went 27 years ago I LOVED IT. I felt like I was in a very classy but welcoming place with friendly doormen and great staff on the desk . Thank you for having room at 15 mins. notice ! We'll be back !  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mollymarie
<Content>Brilliant Stayed at the Belevedere Hotel in New York for two nights . So near Times square and Broadway had a fab time highly recommended Brilliant Brazillian restaurant all you can eat cant wait to return early next year.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>erin1982
<Content>Loved the Belvedere!! Can't wait to reurn... We stayed at the Beveldere Hotel from October 8-12, 2006. We had been to NYC once before and stayed at a different hotel. From the moment we walked into the Belvedere we knew this hotel was different. We arrived early in the morning and were told our room was not ready which was understandable. We left our bags and went to explore the city. We were told they would call us on our cell phone when the room was readyWe returned to the hotel before the phone call as we were tired and thought we would just check to see if it was ready. When we got back we were told not yet. Within 2 minutes they came over and told us our room was ready.The room was awesome with the Kitchenette (which really came in handy for cereal breakfasts!) It was a HUGE room by NYC standards (well at least compared to our previous hotel) and was very close to everything. Including restaurant row which had some amazing restaurants. We could not have chose a better hotel and will recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC in the future. We can't wait to come back (except for having to sleep in the LaGuardia airport on the way home due to a freak snow storm in Oct in Buffalo!! - which is a whole other story!)Everyone in the hotel was nice and courteous especially the bell staff who were always willing to help with directions and hailing cabs. Thanks Belvedere for an awesome stay in NYC!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>westyorkstraveller
<Content>great location  We have just returned from a 3 night stay, 6th -9th October, and booked this hotel based primarily on reviews on this website. We loved the location, and found it ideal for exploring Times Square, 5th Avenue, in fact, with the subway nearby, it was perfect. The staff were welcoming and happy to help. We checked in early, no wait for our room, and they were happy to store our luggage on our last day after check out, giving us longer to explore and shop!The rooms are mid sized, plenty of room for 2, and the views from the room, are great, stayed on 14th floor. No problems with waiting for lifts while we were thereTry Pigalle on the corner for breakfastWe loved the Belvedere and would happily recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MStangle
<Content>We recommend the Belvedere as good value!       The view from our room (17th floor)  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Frbill92
<Content>Outstanding Hotel and Location I just returned from a three night stay in The Belvedere. From the moment I arrived, I felt like the staff was conscious of all my needs. The check-in was easy. I arrived early and my room was not ready but the staff checked me in, took my bag and assured me my room would be ready no later than 4 p.m. When I arrived back everything was in order. The room was spacious and clean. It looked like it had been recently remodeled. The room was quiet. I was on the 11th floor and there was no street noise. My only complaint would be the slow elevators. This was the only inconvenience during my stay. The location is outstanding. I went to three musicals during my stay and I was within 15 minutes walking time of all the theaters. The staff was friendly and offered suggestions. Even after check-out, they helped me in every way possible to get my cab for the airport. In general I would give this hotel an A+. I will definitely stay there on my next visit to New York City.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cruise-Controller
<Content>Great Location, by visitor from Hampshire, UK Stayed here 30 Sep-03 Oct, and enjoyed our stay. It was agreat location, on a quiet street but within easy access to Theatre District, Times Square  Broadway. The staff were excellent  very professional. The fridge, microwave  coffee maker were a bonus  the room, on the 11th floor was clean, roomy  very comfortable. The bathroom was more than adequate, clean  had a good, powerful shower.The only criticism I have, is that the hotel seems dated  in need of some sparkle. The furniture appears quite old  the whole place seems past its best. However, I would recommend the Belvedere simply on its location, adequate facilities  price. I don't think I would stay there again, but for my first experience of New York City, I was pleased that this hotel met my expectations,  I have therefore rated the Belvedere on that criteria.Hope this helps others visiting New York.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>sanfranboy
<Content>Best deal in town for price and location We stayed at the Belvedere this year for our annual visit to NY and it was our first time at this hotel. Were we pleased!!! It was beyond our expectations. The staff couldn't have been more professional and helpful, the location couldn't have been more convenient to everything we wanted to do on this trip. And, now that we are retired, price is a big factor, and the rates at the Belvedere were within our means. The hotel is clean, close to everything, and there is even a subway station nearby. We loved staying there and will probably make this facility our hotel of choice for our future trips.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BonVoyage100
<Content>Would stay there again, however ... We are always looking for good, reasonably-priced hotels in the general area of Times Square. We spotted the Belvedere in one of our visits, so we stayed there on this trip. The location is good - 2 blocks from Times Square. Unlike many comparably-priced hotels we've stayed at in the area, our room was quite large and very up-to-date; the bathroom was small, but seemed to be recently renovated. There was even a mini kitchenette area with refrigerator and coffee maker. The front desk folks were extremely nice. We were also concerned about having to wait a long time for elevators, as we had seen this mentioned in other reviews - but there were 4 elevators and we had no problems in this area. So we generally loved the accommodations -- with 2 exceptions:#1 - the most significant was that the room smelled of smoke; it was supposed to be a non-smoking room and was so designated outside the door; but the room not only smelled of smoke, there was also an ashtray in the room! Since the bedding also smelled of smoke we asked for a change of linen; the new bedding was delivered to the room, but then the maid made up the beds without using the new linen. Had we been staying more than 2 nights we probably would have requested a different room.#2 - this item is less significant, but is a safety issue. The floor of the hallway entering the room, in front of the bathroom, and in the bathroom was nicely tiled, but the tile was extremely slippery - it had been polished so well. We had to put objects on the floor in this area to remind ourselves to step very carefully - and even then slipped a couple of times - even with sneakers on.We felt we would try this hotel again, but if we had a similar experience with smoke smell we would then cross it off our list.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	2	3	

<Author>goldcardluke
<Content>Excellent hotel       Hotel exterior is very smart  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigTP
<Content>The Belvedere was very average. This was our first stay in the USA and we chose the Belvedere for our 4 nights in New York. The Hotel is showing it's age and is very basic, there is no lunch or dinner restaurant or even a bar! The room aircon was quite noisy as it is a bolt-on unit attached to the window. The TV didn't work initially and we had to get the repairman in. The staff were friendly enough but the Hotel was generally noisy, felt small and pokey. I could not reccomend this hotel. On the plus side the buffet breakfast was pretty good. We loved New York in spite of the uninspiring hotel though.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>SandraJohnstone
<Content>Classy hotel at an affordable price We stayed at The Belvedere 16th - 22nd September 2006. When we arrived (quite early ) to check-in, there were no problems. The duty manager found us a room that was ready and allowed us to check in about 4 hours early. The room was on the 16th floor and positioned midway at the rear of the hotel. The view was good, especially at night. The room was a King and we also had the NY1 package (full breakfast included). I had read previous reviews about the bathrooms being small, but was pleasantly suprised - those reveiwers should visit Rome to see what a small bathroom is really like! The room was clean and very comfortable, but there appeared to be some re-furbishment work going on in the room next door to us. So, if you are visiting soon and are allocated a room on the 16th floor check with staff if this is still going on. The work didn't start until about 10 and was over by 3 most days. But on our final day it started at 7.30am!! This said however, it did not spoil our overall experience of the hotel. The breakfast was one of the best we have experienced on our travels, excellent quality and choice. The location of the hotel was great and although we chose to do alot of walking, the subway was nearby and also buses. The taxis are cheap, but unfortunately the UN were in session during our visit, making cab journeys difficult due to the gridlocked traffic. I will definately stay at The Belvedere when I return to NY.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Andrew-Beaumont
<Content>Loved it -great Hotel. My family and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of July and beginning of August. Hotel was booked purely on comments on Trip Advisor. The hotel had done well even before we got there as I had been in constant email contact with them - we had 3 small children (one of whom needed a crib) and they managed to fit us all in the room - shows how big the rooms are.Arrived early afternoon and room wasnt ready - we were told to come back at 4 pm and they held our luggage. Turned up at 3pm and checked straight in. We used the elevators all the time as we had a pushchair but never had a problem - instead of using main elevators, use the ones at end of corridor - never had to wait. Room was great - loved having a fridge. Air con was fine. We overlooked the road and didnt have any problem with noise. Loads of places to eat nearby - Empire and Galaxy Diners good for breakfast - fantastic Hard Rock Cafe on Times Square for dinner that was walkable. Paid $160 per night for room through hotel web site. Good value. Loved everything about this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LoriB55
<Content>Perfect Location, Perfect Hotel My daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere from September 8th to September 15th, 2006. Our trip was three-fold: 1) visit my brother and some old friends, 2) do the tourist thing, and 3) my daughter wanted to visit Columbia U. and NYU.We found the Belvedere on this site. To be quite honest, I was a bit worried about staying there. The price was just TOO good. The location seemed perfect also.Well, I must tell you, we found everything GREAT about this hotel. The price with a AAA discount was $259 a night. The breakfasts were very good. And, as expected, the location was PERFECT.One of the greatest things about the Belvedere was the staff. They were very helpful in all regards. The hotel appears to be very safe as well. There are restaurants everywhere in the general area - less expensive to upscale prices. Just ask the staff, and they'll tell you where to find what you want.The room was smallish, but no complaints here. It was very clean, and included a microwave and refrigerator. The view was good - we were on the 14th floor out of 17. Stay high if possible.We had a great visit, and the Belvedere was tremendous.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happy_Traveler_Girl
<Content>Great Location and price My best girlfriend and I stayed at the Belevdere for a long weekend Sept 14-17. We usually travel for our birthdays during this weekend. We loved this hotel for the great location, close to everything. We walked everywere and used the Greyline tour bus to see most of the sites in town. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. We arrived at 11:00a and were expecting to be told that we could not check in until later. We were going to leave our bags with the bellman and then check in after doing some exploring. We were given our rooms right away. We were on the 3rd floor and did not really have any problems with the elevators. On most trips we used the elevator at the end of the hall as it was closer to our room, so we did not have long wait times. Our room was on the backside of the hotel and we could not hear any street noise. The bellmen and concierge were very helpful. There are also some very good resturants in walking distance, resturant row was only a block away. We did not eat in the Cafe at the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smithcvs
<Content>Apology We stayed at the Belvedere in May 2005 and I posted a subsequent review on this Forum. We were more than pleased with the place, its facilities and the price. However, I had a minor issue with the attitude of one of the door staff. Everyone else were excellent as was the whole experience. As a result of my review and concern about the staff member the manager at the Belvedere telephoned me from New York to Staffordshire in the U.K. to say that he had read my Tripadvisor report and was dealing with it, as he felt that it was not acceptable behaviour by one of his staff. I found that service fantastic, to actually ring from the US to the UK.I just want to apologise to the management of the Belvedere for not posting this review earlier as I cannot get over how thorough they have been. Well done.Anyone visiting New York should give this hotel serious consideration it has everything going for it.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Royalpalmbay
<Content>Everything we expected - well done Tripadvisor We stayed here for a week at the end of August 2006 and chose the hotel after careful research, especially taking account of the Tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed. The hotel is welcoming, with the reception team very helpful and pleasant. I forgot to book a smoking room and they were full when we checked in but it was no problem to switch the following day. The Bell Boys and Doormen were again very effiecient and pleasant. The room was very comfortable (the usual two double beds in an American hotel) and housekeeping did a good job. Althouth the bathroom was small it was satisfactory. The air conditioning also worked well and it was handy to have the fridge in the room. We used the service lift on occasion so no problem there.The location is perfect: There is a good deli on the corner of W48th and 8th Ave and a decent diner just round the corner for breakfast. We had two good meals at a Vietnamese across 8th Ave. and there was a Thai restaurant next door which looked good but we did not get a chance to try. We also ate at The Olive Garden in Times Square which was also good and only a five minute walk away. The Grey Line Bus Tour office is just round the corner on 8th Ave and the location is perfect for picking up the up-town and down town loops. We walked less than five minutes to the Winter Garden Theatre to see Mama Mia (excellent), we also walked about 1 mile to the Cruise Line departure dock on W42nd street, and the subway is just round the corner on W49th and 7th Ave. so getting round was really easy.We would definitely recommend staying at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dadada767
<Content>The good, the bad and the unclean I stayed at the Belvedere as an alternative to the incredibly over-priced Sheraton several blocks further up I stayed at previously.Firstly, Belvedere is cheap for its location and for New York City. The 'mini' gym is free here, something which the $300-per-night Sheraton charges for. They can probably charge $100 more and get away with it. New York City prices are beyond silly.Having said that, Belvedere is lacking in several aspects. Breakfast is not included for the $175 nightly charge. The wireless internte access is expensive and has a low bandwidth - on the 12th floor anyway. The two elevators are quite slow and crammed. A hotel with over 20 storeys needs to rethink its transportation issue.Most importantly, however, was the cleanliness issue. The room and the bathroom were nominally clean, but I found a long strand of hair beneth the covers on my bed the first night. Hoping it belonged to a maid, and not a previous guest, I allowed the matter to pass. However, on the second night the second bed had flies on it happily roaming upwards. This might be a New York-wide issue or the price for staying near to Times Square, but I am neither comforted nor satisfied.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>JoannaK
<Content>perfect location,average hotel I stayed in Belvedere for a couple of weeks this summer.I would rate it as a 3star hotel in a perfect location.It is in the heart of theatre district,very close to important sightseeings.As a hotel is sutisfying if you don't have demands of a luxurious one.Clean and quite large rooms with the advantage of the kitchenette.The renovated floors are the higher ones,with good view.I agree with other reviewers that the elevators are slow and youshould be patient,especially in higher floors.The price of the twin room was 190 euro approximately(deluxe room),rather expensive in my opinion if you keep in mind that we didn't have even a free breakfast.Three years ago I spent 2 weeks in Dubai in a luxurious hotel in the price of 150euro and they offered us not only the breakfast but the dinner as well.On the other hand it was my first time in New York,so I can't say much about the relation of quality and price.I suggest Belvedere especially for the location.I don't have any spesific complains but I don't think that offers more than you expect.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>coolnagard
<Content>Loved this hotel       The spacious bedroom  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mammamarg
<Content>good quality hotel This is the second time we have stayed here. Great hotel, clean and well run. Ideally situated for Times square and the theatre district.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fashiongal
<Content>GREAT HOTEL My fiend and I stayed at the Belverde from 8/13to8/20 and we loved it Our room 1212 had a great bonus. that was a side window that looked towartds the Hudson We never had a problem with the elevators as we were aware that you could use the side elevators. Loved the location 2to 4 blks from everthing. Hotel staff was great especialy Luis. Would we stay there again you bet we will and we recommend it to everyone we know who is going to N.Y.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>2teenmom
<Content>Good choice in the theater district We (a family of 4) stayed at the Belvedere for a total of 9 nights. The room was surprisingly large and comfortable (2 double beds), and the kitchenette (microwave, fridge, and coffemaker) were a real bonus. The a/c worked just fine, and the bathroom was adequate (though could have used more shelf space). Hotel staff and service were very accommodating. Wonderful location -- incredibly central to everything, but the street that it's on (W. 48th) is relatively quiet, with a feeling of neighborhood. Great Mexican restaurant 2 stores away. Wireless internet is extra and expensive. We researched lots of hotels in NY for price, convenience, etc. We were very pleased with the Belvedere, and would stay here again. (A word to the wise: NYC hotel taxes add a large chunk to the hotel price!)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Catkid60
<Content>No problems at all My friend and I stayed at the Belvedere from 8/24/06 to 08/29/06 and the whole experience was great. We arrived at 9am ready to leave our bags and come back to check in but the lady at the desk had a room ready and checked us in right then. The room was fine and a good size for an older building and everything worked great. The bathroom was fine and bigger than some I have had in NYC or DC and our window AC was very quiet. We had an 8th floor room and I was never awakened by sirens or horns. I may have been really tired and I did hear them from time to time, but once asleep I did not wake until the morning. I really did not find the elevators that slow except maybe in the AM when people were checking out. The staff cannot do enough for you, the concierge was very friendly along with the doorman and bellman. I have stayed at more expensive hotels in NY and this was the best. We plan to go back to NY and will not hesitate to stay at the Belvedere again.Thank you!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FamilleSB
<Content>Great Location We stayed here 4 nights in late August. We are a family of three, 2 adults and a teenager. We came to go to some shows and just do some basic sightseeing. I chose this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reviews. Be flexible if you choose this hotel or you'll end up getting frustrated. Even thought we requested, well in advance, a room higher up, we ended up with a 3rd floor room which had ugly, utilitarian decor. The room faced other neighboring buildings and had loud machinery (central air units?) running all the time. The mattresses are the terrible, cheap-o variety. But the room was very clean. The TV had a green cast to it and was ancient. Since we had such a low floor and I had read how slow the elevators are, we took the stairs all the time and it was the one advantage to having a third floor room. We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, but we never complained about anything, we just focused on having fun.This hotel is in a great location. It's very close to the Broadway shows, very easy to walk to. Also, there are wonderful dining spots just steps away. Try Amarone's on 9th and Pigalle's on 8th.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>000385
<Content>Lovely hotel in great location! Really enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere at beginning of August. The hotel is ideally located, on really quiet street no distance from Times Square, Theatre District etc. Located near Restaurant Row but were not impressed by the resturants we tried there - though at least they were not as ridicously expensive as the hotel restaurant (which for some reason you cannot actually access from the hotel but have to go right around the block to). While the food was nice it was buffett style  way too expensive for what we got. That is my only complaint about the hotel save for minor things that have often been mentioned in previous reviews ie. the slow elevator  the tiny bathroom. Overall though the hotel was immaculate  room nicely decorated. It was also reasonable for our stay. I would definitely recommend the Belvedere for price, comfort  location!!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>PrinceAndrew
<Content>Was a great hotel! This hotel lived up to the reviews here. Price was great for the location and class! The hotel is just a block away from Time Square, so the location was great. The hotel was very clean, rooms had lots of space. The staff was great, very friendly and helpfull. Everything about our stay was perfect!Only comments I would make would be that the bathroom was very small, but this may have been due to the room location, not sure if other rooms have the same issue. But it wasn't a big deal for us. Also found that elevators were slow and crowded, but the two service elevators at the ends of the hall were fast and empty, so we always used those!I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Out stay couldn't have been better.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jaskev
<Content>Good hotel, great location just a few problems This review might have some of the same information as the one from Thornhill, below, becasue that one was written by my son after the first night. Now that we've completed our 4 night stay, here's the full scoop.This hotel is ideally located on a quiet side street within easy walking distance of Broadway, Times Square, 5th Avenue stores and Rockefeller Center. It is a converted apartment building but that doesn't matter - the rooms are standard, comfortable, nice sized hotel rooms (except the bathrooms - which are ridiculously small). The staff from front desk to door man are exceptional. They just can't do enough and they do it all quickly with a smile on their faces.Here's what you need to know before booking the Belvedere:1. Top floors have been recently renovated with new beds (very, very soft) and luxury linens, larger and newer TV's. But, because you are on a higher floor, your windows are in the open air meaning you hear every bit of traffic - horns, sirens, etc, that come from the major NYC streets below. And these go on continuously, all day and night. The lower floors facing the back (we were on the 6th after we moved from the 14th) have no view at all and back onto another apartment building. This insulation means we didn't hear any street noise at all from this room. A QUIET ROOM WOULD BE A LOWER FLOOR, CENTER OF THE BUILDING, FACING THE BACK. 2. The washroom is tiny. Don't plan on displaying any toiletries.3. Blow dryer - awful. Call the front desk and the they will bring up a very powerful handheld blow dryer.4. Elevators can be slow - there are service elevators on either side of the hallway. Use them.5. There's a fridge and microwave in each room which are great for snacks and drinks. The little store on the corner has very reasonable prices on fresh fruit, drinks, etc.6. The Conceirge is fabulous. She has great ideas and a lot of up to date information on restaurants, attractions etc. In fact, she told us to avoid an area restaurant because they had just changed chefs the week before and there were still a lot of kinks in the food and service. Her recommendations were great.All in all, this hotel is very clean, comfortable (in the right room) and a great value for the location. It's not luxury by any means but it's a nice place to come back to after being out all day.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GCV
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay! My husband and I definitely enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere (Aug. 20-23) and would definitely come back, particularly if we got a great rate like we did this time. The pros:1. Great, quiet location that's a short walking distance to major attactions like Times Square, Broadway, and even Central Park, as well as several subway stations. If you like to walk (short and long ones) and use the subway/bus, you have the perfect location.2. If you are a couple, get the room with king size bed (very firm, but that was fine with us). While not super spacious, space was very adequate, room laid out nicely, and was very clean and fresh smelling. The room's decor was traditional, nothing fancy. We had a great view from our room on the 15th floor.3. Small kitchenette area with microwave, mini-frig, sink, coffeemaker, cabinets. Didn't think we would use it, but came in handy in saving $$ for breakfast and snacks. Stores selling food/breakfast/drug store items a short walk away.4. Closet5. Friendly staff.6. Lots of places to eat nearby. Great diner--Olympic Diner w/i 3 blocks. If you love Indian food, must try Baluchi's on W. 56 near Broadway. Further out by subway or cab, if you go to Little Italy, you must have dessert at Ferrara's. And check out Pete's Tavern near Union Square.The cons:1. If you are not used to window air conditioning units, they are noisier, but you get used to it and it has sensitive temp controls.2. Not a lot of counter space in bathroom (pedestal sink). Otherwise, bathroom small but well laid out and for the most part, looks elegant.3. Not a lot of amenities (just get the basic soap, lotion and shampoo).4. No eating utensils, plates or dishwashing detergent provided automatically, but staff washed glasses supplied with room when dirty. Regarding the elevators, yes, the two main ones in the lobby are small, but we didn't have any problem. The secret is there are actually 4 elevators; look for the service elevators on your floor, and use them.Also, we found the area very quiet for its proximity to major attractions. I saw some great hotels right on Times Square but I think I would prefer the Belvedere's location. Otherwise, people have to consider they are in a major city, and will hear noises on occasion.Now, if you are looking for a hotel experience with super large luxury rooms/suites with loads of extra room amenities, this isn't the place for you. But if you are looking for a high quality hotel that'll provide a very comfortable stay and a nice price, try this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>gotty
<Content>GREAT HOTEL!!! I have been to NY many times and have stayed in a lot of different hotels. The Belvedere Hotel is by far the BEST I have stayed in for the price. Great location, great staff. Will be telling all my friends about this hotel and have already booked another stay for Nov. Try it...you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MJCB
<Content>Good theatre location, good NY rate Considering how expensive New York hotels can be, for its rate this hotel offers adequate facilities. Its strength is its location and very friendly service. It is located within walking distance of Time Square, the theatres and the Rockefeller centre (great views of Central Park and Empire State building from the top!). It also has a small fitness centre. We had the hotel breakfast one morning and would not recommend it 鈥?self-service hot or cold buffet and not so great coffee at a hotel rate charge 鈥?better to go to Starbucks around the corner or other diners for a cheaper and perhaps better breakfast. The hotel鈥檚 weakness is its very small bathroom (walls are an arm鈥檚 length apart) and both the washbasin and toilet had cracks 鈥?our bathtub also had a black patch where the white enamel is worn. This contrasts greatly with the very smart lobby area. However, if your main aim is sightseeing, the bathroom is not a problem. Another disappointment was its complete inflexibility about a later check out time and the staff were not very knowledgeable about restaurants outside its immediate area. For its price and convenient location I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>ThornhillTraveller
<Content>Good But Not Great I have stayed at The Belvedere in New York for 1 night at this point and I have already been disapointed a couple of times. #1 This hotel appears to be a converted apartment building so the elevators are not an acceptable size for a hotel and there are only two elevators for all 16 floors and are extremely slow!!! #2 The first room that we were given was a newly renovated room that faced the street (front of hotel) ......BEWARE!!!!!!!! Last night we were awoken multiple times by the Fire Station at the intersection. The flashing lights were not a problem but the sirens and air horns used by the fire trucks were extremely loud (doing there job I guess)!!!! We heard these very loud sirens from our 14th floor room!!!! The worst part was that the Fire crews were called out multiple times so we were awoken everytime they left to respond!!!! Besides these problems the service is phanomenal and very quick!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Penney1000
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! My daughter and I came to NYC in May and stayed at the Belvedere. I stayed there 7 years ago and was impressed. We were there for 3 nights and had a great time.We arrived a couple of hours before check in and our room was ready, we requested a non smoking room and received one. Everyone at the front desk was helpful. One negative thing I can say is that the concierge was not very pleasant and seemed over worked. Just did not take the time that I thought he should have. He was busy answering phones, putting away mail talking to people who went by, etc.Our room was clean, the bathroom was tiny but OK, I loved the coffee pot and refrigerator. We did not eat at the hotel at all, I thought the food there was pricey. One thing I liked is the location. It is so central to everything, it is only a few blocks walk to the Today Show, you are right around the corner from Times Square where you can catch the red double decker buses (they were great - I would highly recommend them), it is an easy walk to the theatre and to the United Nations. Plus restaurant row is only 1 block away, I would recommend the Olympus Diner, right around the corner from the hotel - they were very friendly and the food was resonably priced.We really enjoyed our trip and would not hesitate to stay at the Belevedere again. The hotel was as great as I remember it 7 years ago.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lesta38
<Content>loved the hotel stayed for three nights, absolutely brilliant hotel, what ever price band.Doormen great, when asked to recommend somewhere for breakfast, he suggested somewhere that was excellent (Pigalle one block from hotel), not the hotels expensive resturant!location fab, one block from time square. also one block from excellent grey line tour bus.lifts were a little slow and busy but got around this by using the freight lifts not a problem.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hokiefury
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Belvedere from 8/1/06 to 84/06. Great location, good value (194/night) and friendly staff. I never felt unsafe. The location is great for theater trips and is close (few blocks) to many subway lines. The breakfast served by the hotel is a nice idea but overpriced. If all you want is a continental breakfast then just go to one of the local Starbucks. The rooms are average size by NY standards. Ours had been renovated and was very much like a Hampton Inn. It appeared that some rooms were still undergoing renovation. I would definitely stay there again. Tip: Top of the Rock (Rockefeller Center) is a great experience.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bcyankee
<Content>Fantastic Just got back from 9 nights July 25th -Aug 4 This hotel is in an ideal location. Staff was wonderful we did not have any problems at all. Elevators are not as bad as made out to be. Rooms were clean and a good size for NYC. I would highly reccomend this hotel.Listen to what people have to say about it and don't take a chance elsewhere. Thanks Belvedere  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maroyt
<Content>Great Experience at the Belvedere My fiancee and I just returned from our 3-night stay at the Belvedere Hotel. We were in NY with another couple and all of us really enjoyed our stay. The location is very convenient (close to variety stores, Times Square, theatre district, and many restaurants). The room was quiet, clean, and the king size bed was very comfortable. The hotel staff was more than pleasant. The desk staff was quick to make recommendations for restaurants and they even held our bags for us because our flight was later in the evening, after our 12:00 check-out time. They called us a taxi, and loaded our luggage into the cab. I really liked the fact that there was a small fridge in our room. We were able to buy juice/fruits at a nearby store and have it on hand in the room for snacking. The elevators were small and a bit slow at times, but it didn't affect our stay in a really negative way. Overall, our stay a the this hotel was terrific and I would definitely recommend staying at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kckmullen
<Content>never again july 31,2006just returned from a week at the Belvedere Hotel in Times Square. Our travel agent mistakenly made the reservation a day before we were actually suppossed to be there. However, the Belvedere decided to take full advantage of this error and 1st charged us for that extra day AND canceled our entire reservation. Therefore, not honoring the price and charging us almost double what we were quoted.The hotel has 100's of guests. There are 4 elevators, but customers are only allowed to use 2 of them. There was usually a line to use a crowded elevator, with no air condition, and it usually stopped at many floors before we reached our 10th floor. I tried to use the laundry room, where you can't purchase laundry soap. The change machine does not work and the front desk, gift store, and concierge do not give change. They do have a restaurant, but no room service. When you're payin $400 per night, you expect a great hotel. The rooms were clean and the doorman was always nice.This is a 2 star hotel with 4 star prices.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Artist2000
<Content>Wonderful hotel, great location This is the 3rd year in a row that we have stayed at the Belvedere. The LOCATION, in Midtown, cannot be better. Close to everything, including several subway lines, but on a nice quiet street. Theatres and many varieties of restaurants within easy walking distance. Short walk to subways to take you Up or Downtown. The staff has always been unfailingly kind and helpful. The Doormen are the tops! Rooms are clean and a decent size -- bathrooms are a bit small, but clean and modern, with hairdryers, etc. Tiny kitchenette area is great for making coffee and keeping cold drinks or snacks. We used the small business center computers to check-in for return flights, which was convenient. Really, for the price and location, I doubt that this hotel can be topped in Manhattan.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tkyle
<Content>Great Hotel This was our second stay at The Belvedere this year. The staff are very pleasant, helpful and will go out of their way to assist you. The hotel is very clean , including the lobby area, washrooms etc. Our room was spacious enough for our family of four, and the small kitchen was very useful., bathroom was small but we did not have a problem with this. The hotel's central location made it easy to get around, walking distance to most places, close to subway if going further afield. We will definately stay here again and have recommended the Belvedere to friends and family. The Coffee Pot on the corner of 9th and 49th is good for breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>rpgovols
<Content>"Three Time Stayer" Stiil Great!! Third time in 18 months my wife and I have stayed here. Most recently over the 4th of July. Each time we have had a great experience. Our recent rip revolved around a cruise out of Brooklyn. An early morning check in was no problem. The room they had booked was not avaiable so the front desk upgraded us so we would not have to wait. Beautiful view of the city from the 15th floor with what appeared to be a remodeled room awaited us. Yes the elevators tend to run slower the higher up you are but what heck you're on vacation and theviews are worth it. If you want a place with a lot of extras and pampering go elsewhere. This is a place we will stay again as it affords us what we want, safe, clean and a great location. Besides who wants to spend all their time in a hotel room in NYC?Robert P  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CindyMH
<Content>Perfect Midtown Hotel We stayed at the Belvedere July 18-21, 2006. Having had some negative experiences in the past at Manhattan hotels, we were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the Belvedere for the price ($200 a night, which to me is high, but not by NYC standards). All the staff members we encountered were friendly and efficient. Our room was spacious and looked recently renovated - very clean and pleasantly decorated. The bathroom fixtures also appeared to be new and well cared for. Housekeeping was great. The lobby and elevators were lovely old art deco. The view from our room (16th floor) was breathtaking. The 2 elevators are very small; this never caused us any problem until the day we checked out. Lots of others were checking out also and the volume did cause a wait of 10 minutes for the elevator. We didn't eat at the restaurants - had breakfast around the corner at the Olympic, which served good, hearty food for a reasonable price. The location of this hotel can't be beat for access to the theatre district, the great Hell's Kitchen restaurants and all other midtown attractions. I highly recommend!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taja029
<Content>A nice place to stay with minor shortcomings... We just returned from a four day trip to New York where we resided at the Belvedere. My husband and I traveled with our 2-year-old as well as an 18-year-old relative. Overall, the hotel was fine. The room was large enough for all of us and the refrigerator and microwave came in handy for drinks, snacks and doggie-bag leftovers. Just bring some plastic-ware to eat with. The bathroom was small, but managable. We had to ask for additional towels twice, and both times we recived them quickly and without any problems. Also, when we first checked in, the toilet didn't flush. Immediately, a repairman was dispatched to our room and it was repaired within minutes.The front elevators are a little slow, so just pack some patience. There are additional, smaller elevators at the end of the hall that you can use. We didn't try the on-site breakfast, but it looked a little pricey at about $17 per person.The staff was relatively friendly, I think it just depends on who happens to be working when you step up to the front desk or dial 0 from your room phone. One complaint I did have is that I called the night before we were scheduled to leave to request a 1-hour later check-out time. I was told on the phone that it shouldn't be a problem, but to call in the morning to confirm with the morning staff. So, I called again the following morning and was promptly told that I could not have the extra hour in the hotel room. The staff-member told me that there were no more late-check outs available for our floor. I'm not sure what that means - and didn't realize there was a race for late check outs.I would recommend the hotel with those notes. The location is great and the accomodations are fine.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>beachloverMemphis
<Content>Would stay here again We selected the Belvedere after reading the excellent reviews and our family of 4 stayed here July 10-14. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room and felt it was certainly large enough to accomodate us comfortably. The staff of the concierge desk were especially nice and helpful in getting us tickets to about anything we wanted to do. The location of the hotel is excellent--very close to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave, etc. It is just around the corner from Hell's Kitchen (restaurant row), so there are many choices of restaurants with about any ethnicity on 9th Ave. A few negatives: We were on the 6th floor facing the front and we do agree that the curtains do not block enough light. We were bothered with noise beginning about 10:15 each evening when the garbage trucks make their pickups. After the first night we knew to expect that so it did not seem to bother us as much after then. But I would recommend bringing some foam earplugs because the honking horns and other street noises can also filter in. Yes, the elevators are slow so just be prepared for quite a wait or request a lower floor room so stairs can be utilized. Even though we had these minor negatives, we definitely would stay here again. It's a quaint, lovely hotel in just a super location and we felt the price was affordable.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really great hotel       room  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay My son and I stayed at the Belvedere from July 11 to July 14. Although the hotel elevators were slow and the bathroom rather small, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel. Staff and guests were friendly, i.e. squeezing as many people as possible on an elevator because we all knew the wait for te next one could be 15 minutes. The rooms were clean, the exercise room was nicely appointed, and the location of the hotel was perfect for getting from here to there. After doing a search for hotels on the internet, I believe we got the best value for our dollar. I would probably stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TOtoNY
<Content>Another Great Stay We just returned from another stay at the Belvedere and I don't think I have one complaint! The location and price is ideal. The subway station around the corner took us to all the places we wanted to go. The room was quiet and a good size. Everyone complains about the elevator being slow but I just went to the one at the end of the hall and didn't have to wait at all.Actually, I do have one small complaint. My windows didn't have enough covering and the light in the morning woke me up. My friends room had a heavy curtain that kept the light out. I would definitely recommend it and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>got2trvl
<Content>Wonderful stay This hotel has much to offer: perfect location, comfortable and clean rooms, pleasant staff and good value for money. The bathrooms are on the smaller side as there is little counter space to spread your things out, however, we managed fine with two adults and two kids. The kitchennette was useful to store drinks and prepare quick snacks. The elevators can be slow, but there are three on each floor and one can always use the ones at the end of the corridor if service is excessively slow. We found the staff very pleasant and helpful. They stored our luggage well past the checkout time, provided directions and extra towels were made available when we needed them. There are many restaurants close by (try Seeda on 50th between 8th and 9th for Thai food), and having the subway within walking distance was very handy. The Belevedere met our expectations and we will stay there again when in NYC in the future.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again We just returned from our stay at the Belvedere Hotel in NY and I swear right here and now that we will never return. The staff was consistently rude throughout our stay. The bed was uncomfortable. The bathroom was about the size of a matchbox. Everytime we wanted to take the elevator, we would have to wait at least 10 or 15 minutes for it to get to our floor. There were never enough towels - if you could even call them towels, they were so small! All in all, it was a terrible stay and I do NOT recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel first time to NYC We stayed at this hotel from June 24th through 28th. It was the first time my friend and I had been to NYC and we did not know what to expect. This hotel was recommended by Frommer and we saw several good ratings on trip advisor so decided to give it a shot. This hotel is in a perfect spot in the city. Like others have said you are almost on a side street away from most of the noise of the city, but within walking distance of everything. We walked everywhere, Times Square is right down the block a ways, and you can walk to Central Park and many other locations. As others have mentioned the staff at this hotel are remarkable. We arrived 3 hours early and were allowed to check in and they stored our luggage for us. We went to Times Square and Central Park immediately. The doormen hold the door open every time you leave and return and are so helpful. The conergie got us great tickets with dinner to the Phantom of the Opera. We had a taxi waiting for us when we left for the airport, everything was wonderful. The rooms are very nice with the small kitchenette area. The bathrooms are small, especially if you are traveling with a family of teenagers, but we took turns getting ready. The elevators are slow in the mornings around 9 or 10 (especially weekends) but really aren't as bad as others have complained about. I will definetely stay at this hotel again when I return to NYC. It was my best vacation ever and this hotel was perfect!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stinkdogfluffy
<Content>loved the hotel and city can't wait to go back!!! My daughter (13) and I stayed at the Belvedere on June 29 for one night we went to the Beauty and the Beast show (which I highly recommend best show I have seen, last show I saw was Wicked) at 8 pm. The hotel staff was excellent when we arrived at 11:30 Thursday we had our backpacks and they let us store them safely until the 4pm checkin. The hotel is so close to everything like the last review I read said. We came by bus Port Authority and had only a few blocks to walk to the hotel. Price that we paid was very good for New York City. I will definetly be back to visit the Belvedere again. In 1 1/2 days we did so much in the city we had a great time, caution about the Emptire State Building it took us 21/2 hours to do the trip my 2nd my daughters first and last time. Everything else was great and we even got on the Todays Show Friday morning. Great time. If anyone would like any questions answered regarding our time in New york City or the Belevedere please email me. DWILL55904@aol.com. Have fun!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite Good!! I enjoyed my stay in the Belvedere, really liked the room, a King Deluxe! Reasonable too given its location.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jada007
<Content>Holiday at the Belvedere Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 5 days in the middle of September 2005. There were 4 of us to a room. We found the hotel to be quite flash espically the hotel lobby. The service was friendly at the counter and the doormen were great too.Our room was very nice, very comfy beds indeed. Our bathroom was for a disabled person as this was the only room they had when we checked in supposedly. It wasnt that great for us as when you used the shower the water went all over the floor and you had to find somewhere to put your clothes so they wouldnt get wet. This was the only real downside to our room otherwise it was perfect. We found the elevators quite slow at times but otherwise this was a fantastic location to Times SQ and to everywhere else. Im so glad we stayed here as its so central to everything, it really was the perfect location.i would highly reccomend this hotel to all and i will definately stay here if im so lucky to visit New York City again as we absolutly loved it!!!!.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mitla96
<Content>Couldn't be Better       Small Kitchen  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hosta_La_Vista
<Content>Best Location Lovely smaller upscale hotel in perfect location. Hotel is has all amenities including self-serve laundry, business centre with Internet, small convenience store, extra large rooms with safe, fridge and microwave. Theatre District only a 5 minute walk to Times Square. My only complaints would be Internet access is too expensive and the elevators are quite slow. We did not eat in the restaurant as there are so many other cheeper choices near by. Staff is outstanding, especially the Bell-Hops which are very accomodating. Price is on the lower side for the location and class of this hotel. Highly recommend even for families. This is not about a 3.5 star hotel which provides higher end service.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>univibe
<Content>Hard To Beat We returned to The Belvedere Hotel having stayed there last year, we got the same room as requested when we booked online !!!. The Staff were as efficient as ever and we could not find any fault with them.The location is second to none and within walking distance of Times Square etc,.The Subway on 50th street is very handy when going Downtown, The Olympic Diner around the corner from The Belvedere is well priced for Breakfast and should set you up for the day. The breakfast in the hotel is pricey and the room lacks atmosphere, however the selection of food is quiet good and wide ranging.The Lifts in the Hotel are always busy as there is a decent flow of people in and out of the Foyer, but thats what you get for a reasonably priced, clean, well run hotel which is in a fantastic location.On our next trip to the Big Apple we will return.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CandF009
<Content>Sharp hotel! Having read mixed reviews, we knew room assignment was essential to experience here, but maybe the renovation is complete and all the rooms are as nice as the one we stayed in on top floor (17th). It was spotless, modern, roomy, and the views were in two directions because we were one of two rooms on each floor that jutted out in front of rest of building, so our main windows faced south, but small side window showed us the Hudson River and a row of falcons affixed to the exterior, gargoyle like.We never needed to ask for anything so can't elaborate on desk service but at checking in and out, it was very prompt and courteous. The door was generally opened for us by one of several doormen, a taxi hailed when we needed it, and luggage storage after checking out but before taking shuttle to airport went smoothly. The kitchenette feature is very helpful. We're slow thinkers or would have used that refrigerator more and have realized we could have bought ground Starbucks coffee to use in coffee maker but didn't think of it then. The cocktail glasses were just like ones we have at home! Iron, ironing board, hair dryer--all very convenient. Yes, the bathroom's small, but why is that a problem?Not only did the tv have a remote but the air conditioner (window unit) also did. It was incredibly muggy and warm when we were in NYC but our room was a cool oasis when we came back to it from a day of touring. Since it is the hot season, I only wish the bedding had been something other than a heavy duvet, our only qualm about this lovely, lovely place. Others have already told you its location is ideal.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel!!! My family has stayed at the Belvedere many times. We are returning customers because we are always satisfied. The hotel is always neat and clean and the amenities are more than we could ask for! It is a beautiful hotel in a wonerful location! Instead of having to worry about where we stay when we go up to NYC we are at ease when we make our reservations. The belvedere really adds to our trip. I would, and have, reccomend it to anyone. In fact I will probably be staying there for my homeymoon. :)  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Indie_Green
<Content>LOVE the Hotel DO NOT PARK at the Garage around the corner!!! While the hotel was very clean and the staff very friendly, DO NOT park your car at the garage around the corner from the hotel!!It was recommended to us by the hotel desk clerk and since we were from out of state and needed a place to park our car, we used the garage unbeknownst as to what would happen.We had to leave our car keys with the attendents overnight. They riffeled through our belongings and stole some of our purchases and other belongings.Since they were very careful to leave our luggage as we had placede it, we did not realise we had been robbed until we had returned home.Worst of all, we had to pay them for this service and they nor the hotel would assume any responsiblity for it.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Purple_Jellybean
<Content>Loved this hotel! Each time I travel to NYC, I use TravelAdvisor extensively to find the best hotels. I prefer boutique hotels because they are all unique in their own way. Again, this site helped me to find a winner. I loved this hotel from the minute I stepped inside the lobby. The staff was very friendly, the hotel was very clean and the rooms were nice. I know the rooms in boutique hotels are small and expected that. I personally prefer that, especially when traveling alone. The Belvedere is within walking distance of most anything you want to do. Times Square is just around the corner, it's in the Theatre district so you can walk to most shows, it's fun to walk past FOX in the mornings and see the morning broadcast in action, especially after you've just seen it on TV! There's just so much to do and it's all so close by. One other nice thing is that the hotel has the feel of being on a side street instead of a really busy block. You don't really have the noise and hustle and bustle at night. It's quiet.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased :-) The Belvedere Hotel is in a great location, within a very short walking distance to Times Square, as well as, other shopping and dining areas. The front Desk/doorman, and maid staff were very alert and attentive, and I was always greeted with a smile. My room was very clean and well furnished with the luxery items that I needed, and I could tell that the staff took pride in their particular duties. Finally to put the cherry on the cake, the price was very reasonable!!!!! :-) I really enjoyed my stay at the Belvidere Hotel and will be staying there in the future.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay for the money!!!! As far as we were concerned the stay was excellent. We stayed at the Belevedere on the 16th  17th of May. We had a room on the 14th floor. Everything in the room looked new and was very clean. The beds were very comfortable. The A/C was a window unit but looked new and cooled great. The bathroom was fine, a little small but how much room do you need in a bathroom anyway. It was very clean and had new marble tile. The room had a microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, safe, iron, and a hair dryer. We had no trouble with the elevator or so called lifts. There were 3 on our floor and we never had a long wait at all. They were never full and I didn't really find them to slow either as I have read in other reviews. The staff was just great. Everyone was friendly and very helpful. If we needed anything all we had to do was call and they were there very quickly. Check in and out was great no problems or wait. Next time we go back to New York the Belevedere will be where we stay. Great Hotel and Location for the money. F. Morrison-Tyler, Tx  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location ,great city. Stayed at the Belvedere for one week from 25th May to 1st June with my wife and two sons(12 and 9.) The staff were always friendly and polite and responded quickly to any requests or queries. the room was a good size easily accomodating the four of us, and the fridge was a great bonus. We were on th 12th floor and had views over the river but if I stayed again i wouls ask for a Times Square view. We booked the NY1 special deal which included breakfast for the adults and we paid half price for the kids. The breakfast was great-set us up for the day. Location really good- a couple of minutes walk from times square and the theatre district plus plenty of restaurants. Would definately stay again.TIP-I booked and printed off Empire State Building tickets online which means avoiding queuing at second floor on the day-you just go straight to the elevators. However when we got to the 86th floor observatory there were signs for the recently re-opened 102nd floor obseravtory but tickets can only be purchased at the second floor office on the day. There are no signs on the lower floors to tell you this and once up you cannot go down to buy them so if you want to go all the way up buy additional tickets before entering elevators  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moushy
<Content>Good hotel in great location If you are looking for somewhere central to stay for a quick trip to New York, then The Belvedere is a good option. It's really near Time Square and perfectly positioned for either spending the day uptown or downtown within walking distance. The room we had was neat and clean. The bathroom was on the small side. The air-conditioning unit was old and noisy but, at least you could cool the room down. The breakfast was not nice and was overpriced but, the location of the hotel means that you have cheaper, better choices about 1 block away.The other thing to note about this hotel is the lift - it's annoyingly slow. We were on the 15th floor and it took forever to get up or down as the lift stops on every floor. Towards the end of our stay we found a lesser used lift which was much faster. When you are standing in reception by the main lifts, look down the corridor to your right. At the end is the other lift. Overall, an above average hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay We stayed at the Belevedere for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend with our two daughters, ages 10 and 7. Our room on the 16th floor was very nice and spacious enough (the bathroom was small, but I wouldn't say tiny). Everything looked new or new-ish, so this might have been a recently remodeled room. The location was PERFECT, short walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the American Girl Place (a must stop for us :) ) and a not-too-long walk to south Central Park. There was a subway stop two blocks north which we used to go to the Museum of Natural History, for example.The staff was helpful and friendly to us. Minor kvetches - we had booked a room with two double beds but they only had a room with a king sized bed to give us upon check-in. They offered to move us the next day, but we preferred staying put (we all sleep in one king sized bed at home, so we were used to it anyway). The hair dryer is a standard issue hotel hairdryer; they are never efficient, so if that bothers you, bring your own. They provide a coffeemaker with all the necessities, a fridge and a microwave. We brought our own bowls and plastic spoons from home along with a box of cereal to have quick breakfasts in our room. There's a very good convenience store at the corner of the block, about 100 feet away.Our room was not noisy probably due to being on the 16th floor and running the air conditioner. I don't know what it would be like in the winter. We didn't think the elevators were slow as described in other reviews, but they are small so they fill up quickly. Being on the second to top floor was an advantage because the elevator was empty when we called it up. It seemed to get called at several floors almost every time on our way down, which is perhaps why people think it is slow.For an average of $200 per night for a holiday weekend, we felt we got a fantastic value and didn't feel like we were staying at a budget hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lingof
<Content>Great location We have stayed at a number of hotels in New York during our visits to the city. This booking was based on recommendations in Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. The staff were helpful and the room was a good size for New York . The refrigerator and coffe making machine were also welcome although we did not use the microwave also supplied. The room was clean and well kept and the bathroom was also very acceptable. We were on the 16th. floor so we were not bothered by traffic noise but this could possibly be a problem on lower floors facing the street. The breakfast room was spacious although priced at $12 undoubtedly more expensive than local cafes. However, it was convenient. There is a large choice of restaurants within walking distance and you are far enough away from Times Square not to be affected by the crowds and chain restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere is great choice in Midtown West Belvedere was a great choice if you are looking for value and convenience.Staff is helpful and rooms are tastefully decorated.Walking distance to R. Center, Times Square and more.Would absol. stay at the Belvedere again!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere!! I stayed at the Belvedere for 6 fabulous nights. The room that I stayed in was on the sixth floor and the service that we received was wonderful! The bathroom was a bit small, but it was good to have a refrigerator, microwave and even a coffee maker. The location is in great walking distance to the broadway shows and subways stops.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Last Minute Getaway My last weekend in the united states before i depoloyed, i went and stayed at the Belvedere hotel. The staff were very professional, polite, and resourceful. I asked for places that tourists rarely go to, and i was given little hide aways in NYC that only locals go to. The Hotel was beautiful, the food was great, and is in a great location. Times Square was only 2 blocks away, the theaters were close, and the subway 3blocks away, i love to walk and i love this hotel. I will stay here every time i go to NYC.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Needanewpassport
<Content>Did Not Feel Welcome at the Belvedere RoomsWhen we mentioned it was our honeymoon, they managed to find us an 鈥渦pgrade鈥?on the 17th floor, so our expectations were heightened then, but we were a bit disappointed with the room to say the least. From all the pictures I鈥檝e seen of the rooms, they seem to vary hugely in terms of quality of decoration  furnishings. The bed was nicely dressed and was comfortable, but everything else in the room was looking worn and dated. It was nice to have a fridge for drinks, but we didn鈥檛 use the microwave or sink (no crockery or cutlery provided anyway! Not that we would have used them). We had a power cut in the room one evening (using too much electricity apparently) I only had my hairdryer on!BathroomThe main thing you should probably know is that the towels are tiny! You can barely cover yourself up with it.Once again, fixtures  fittings very dated. Hairdryer useless, it must have been about 30 years old, it would have taken me all day to dry my hair with it, ended up buying my own. It鈥檚 also a bit dangerously located, the first time I picked it up  put it back it fell off it鈥檚 cradle and into the sink! Luckily the hairdryer wasn鈥檛 on  there was no water in the sink! Shower was ok but the curtain smelt a bit, probably because everything鈥檚 been so crammed into the bathroom that the curtain touches the toilet, not very hygienic.Customer ServiceThe lady who checked us in was nice enough, it was downhill from there. We asked someone else on reception if they had any city maps  received a blunt 鈥楴o鈥? They only had to tell us that we could buy one from their own hotel shop which we didn鈥檛 realise until the last day!I phoned housekeeping regarding the power cut we had in the room, said they would send someone up straight away. 20 minutes later no sign of anybody. Phoned again  explained we had booked a show that evening so we couldn鈥檛 be late, they said they understood  someone was on their way. Clearly they did not understand. When no-one arrived after another 20 minutes, my husband went down to reception  then they tried to tell us that we must have told them the wrong room number! Someone eventually came, but what a farce.On another occasion, I dialled reception by accident  apologised  they slammed the phone down on me! The staff at this hotel just seem far too busy to be bothered about helping their clients or making their stay pleasurable. The hotel was full but I can鈥檛 understand why it鈥檚 so popular, I鈥檓 sure there are far nicer hotels for the money in New York.Hotel FacilitiesWe never ate breakfast in the hotel because we thought it was so expensive 鈥?I think it was $12 just for a continental. There are so many places to get a decent breakfast in the vicinity of the hotel, there鈥檚 no need to eat here.It is a big hotel to be only served by two small lifts, the shakiest and creakiest lifts I have ever been in at that. Being on the 17th floor sometimes we had to wait ages.LocationCouldn鈥檛 fault it for first time visitors to New York.Would I Recommend this Hotel?No  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, fine room I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel from May 10 to May 15 2006 and I had very fine stay.My room was clean. My chech in and check out was fast and uncomplicted. The hotelperfectly placed in relation to atractions and public transport. It was my first trip to New York and I have no experience of the hotel standard New York so I cannot say if the rate was too high but it seemed ok in relation to room standard and service.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good quality, pleasant  Stayed at the Belvedere on a first visit to New York. As someone who spends more time in hotels (on business) than I would choose, I'm critical of many but found little to fault here. We were met by friendly and efficient reception staff and were able to check in well before the stated 4pm time. Other staff were unfailingly helpful. The room was of ample size, comfortable and very clean and had a wonderful view, especially at night. The only quibble was that the aircon unit was noisy. Didn't eat in the hotel - plenty of diners nearby for a traditional breakfast, and a wide range of good restaurants within 10 minutes walk for dinner. Chose this hotel on personal recommendation, which proved to be fully justified. I'll be back!  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice stay We've just returned from out 3 night stay at the Belvedere. The room was large with a spacious bath, spotlessly clean with minimal street noise, and very comfortable. We found the staff to be helpful and they responded quickly to our requests for extra towels and decaf coffee. We asked the concierge several questions and found him to be curt, almost rude, as if we were bothering him from reading the newspaper. The bellhops were most friendly and gave us tips on taxi and subway travel. We ate breakfast at Pigally, which was relatively inexpensive and delicious (french press coffee!); and also at Olympic Diner, which was bland (no salt) and over cooked. There were 4 ladies in our room and we were very comfortable and didn't feel crowded. We had requested a nonsmoking, dust free room as one of our party has asthma and they accomodated all requests easily. Found the small fridge and sink area convenient, as well as the safe. We were allowed to check in early as soon as a room was available with an approximate wait of 10-15 minutes. After check out, they stored our bags until we left for the airport, offered us a place to freshen up, and hailed a cab. Elevators were never a problem for us even with our room being on the 14th floor. If you're planning to stay here, I'd recommend that you request a higher floor since these are more recently remodeled and are insulated against street noise. Loved the location and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrendous Customer Service We stayed at the Flatotel my mother and I for our annual NYC trip together and should have gone back! First of all, there is no early check-in- we tried but were told that the check is 4pm and if we wanted we could call all afternoon to see if a room was ready- Flatotel, we got right in! Also, you have to tip everyone! The baggage people to the taxi cab people- you don鈥檛 even ask for help and they run over and then you feel obliged to give one. Also there are 2 elevators may I repeat 2 elevators that you can fit no more than 5 people in or 3 people with luggage for the amount of rooms they have and one was broken all day! So room for 5 people in this hotel with one functioning elevator was horrendous! Also this hotel does not offer room service of any kind and the restaurant is open for an overpriced very basic breakfast every morning for a few hours. When we got to our room it was spic and span (that鈥檚 the only plus about this hotel) and it smelled strongly of plastic/paint. My mom was flipping through channels one night and by mistake pressed the movie button by accident and it started playing- after contacting the front desk and telling her the situation we were told we were stuck with the move- which we though was the advertised $12.95. The next afternoon we went to the front desk to try and get the charge removed again and were told the move was actually $22 and they could not remove it because it ran for 5 minutes (while we called the front desk) and the cut off time is if the movie runs for 2 minutes and the charge was not removed- Also, the shower water is always cold if not lukewarm and turns HOT about 30 minutes into the shower scolding you. There is 1 floor that carries ice. The rooms are very loud all night and morning long- we were on the 5th floor and were constantly awoken even with the air conditioner on. The bathroom is very clean, but there is not plastic shower curtain, just a cloth one that gets soaked when you shower each time. There are practically no TV channels to watch at night before bed- everything you must order- very basic cable. The coffee pot in the room had a scummy residue inside it as it had not been washed out anytime recently. The street it is located on it ok with a couple restaurants but across the street at night there are homeless people and hookers waiting outside the building directly across the street. I would never stay here again nor would I recommend this hotel- it ruined part of our experience in NYC.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rncathy
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere My friend and I just got home from a great long weekend stay at the Belvedere. We stayed there from May 5-8 and couldn't have been happier with the hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was very clean and although the bathroom was small, found it to be fine. I thought the bed was comfortable (we had two doubles) and I usually have a hard time with hotel beds and pillows, but I slept very well for our entire stay. The little refrigerator was nice for keeping our water cold, but that was about all we used of the kitchen. Would probably be a really nice feature if we were staying there with our kids, but this was a mom's weekend! Keep in mind that it is not really a kitchen at all, but a microwave and little fridge with a coffee maker. We stayed on the 9th floor and had a pretty nice view, which I enjoyed. I didn't think that it was too noisy at all, in fact I sort of enjoyed listening to the city sounds while laying it bed. It is afterall, New York! We had a non-smoking room and I'm not sure if the entire floor was non-smoking, but I sort of smelled the smallest odor of cigarette smoke outside in the hall. It was not an issue at all though, and believe me...I cannot stand cigarette smoke at all, so it was fine. As far as the elevators go, it was fine. I didn't find that they were that slow. That to me is just being nit-picky. They were fast enough and like another person said, we often used the employee one as well because it was close to our room.The location was great! Very nice and convenient to everything. Perfect for first time travelers to NY. The concierge desk was very helpful and both of the women that were working when we asked questions were extremely helpful and nice. The subway was convenient and easy to take and we were in an easy walking distance to the theaters and Times Square. Had a nice dinner at Carmine's, but the portions were huge, so for two women it was just a little too much. Went and saw the Wedding Singer which was great fun and would highly recommend it to anyone!So, despite some of the recent bad reviews of the Belvedere, we had a great stay and would definitely stay here again! I read in Frommer's that for the best view ask for a room at the 8th floor or above, which we did request and got.Have fun!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good and the bad of the Belvedere First impression of the hotel was great. Nice central location to the touristy area (Times Square, Theater District), beautiful exterior, friendly doorman. The room was decent, though we got a hotel on the smoking floor and it was really stinky. (*Big hint - pull the air filter out of the air conditioner and wash it when you get there. We found this out the 3rd day of our stay and it made a huge difference.) The room size is nice, and the microwave and fridge were nice too. Room had a coffeemaker and hairdryer. Bathroom on the small side, but adequate. There were no extra toiletries in the bathroom like a shower cap or shoe mitt, though they did provide shampoo, conditioner, and soap. Room was pretty clean (though did have the smoking floor smell), on one of the days we were there the maid cleaned the bathroom floor and left it sticky which was gross to walk on with bare feet. The main problem we had, as others did, was with the elevators. They were SUPER SLOW, so when in a hurry to go anywhere, take the stairs if you are on a floor low enough to do so. Also, our room key cards had to be rekeyed twice while we were there, as they stopped working which was a pain with the slow elevators.The front desk staff was very nice, though when we called and asked for extra pillows - it took an hour and a half and a repeat phone call to actually get them. They did let us check in at around noon when check-in time is not until 4 pm. The doormen always hailed taxis for us and held the door for us.All in all, this is a decent hotel in a decent location - but don't expect anything great. I wouldn't pay more than $250 for a room here, and that mostly location. For around $25 more a night, I would recommend the Sheraton New York Hotel  Towers in the same area over this one. The rooms were much nicer and the beds much more comfortable. Also, I have to disagree with the reviewer who recommended Pigalle across the street for breakfast and Lindys. Pigalle had some of the worst service I've ever had, we were mostly ignored (probably because the tip was automatically added to the bill) and waited forever for food (though the food was quite good) - go to the Olympic Diner for breakfast instead. Not as nice an atmosphere (very much the diner), but the service was much better. Lindys is a TOURIST TRAP. VERY overpriced average food ($19 for a club sandwich, for instance)- you can do much better with so many restaurants to choose from. Ciro Trattorio has great Italian food not far from the hotel for a reasonable price.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sammyisabigbrat
<Content>Loved the location and service My family and I stayed here in April 2006 and we had a great time. Great location and good service. There is also a Starbucks if you take a right out of the hotel and left at the next block. It took me days to find it and was happy that I finally did! Restaurant Row is just 2 blocks away.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ostan14
<Content>Ditto other reviews..... Just like to echo what other reviewers have reported....... Great location, Spotlessly clean rooms, Handy fridge/coffee maker in room.....bathroom well stocked (why do some people have such an issue about the size of this room???).....All in all good value for money.Only observation I have is that the reception staff are more curt than friendly - but then again I found this everywhere in New York.Key question - would I stay here again - YES.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Carriline
<Content>Good Central Hotel Stayed for 5 nights in this hotel. Good sized clean room , TV with video choice and games if required, large comfortable twin beds , small but perfectly formed bathroom with good shower and for the girls a decent 3 heat hairdryer.Don't expect too much of the kitchen but there is a coffee maker  2 mugs, fridge and microwave, but lets face it who wants to eat in in New York. Hotel staff very pleasant. Also small gift shop attached.Only complaints the inevitable , the lifts. It can be very frustrating waiting for the main lifts but you soon learn to become staff and use their lift.No one seems to mind as we rode a couple of times with staff.Centrally located within walking distance of Times Square and many city attractions. All in all a good place to stay!Can recommend Pigalle on 8th Avenue for Breakfast.And do try Lindys on 7th Avenue for real New York cheesecake  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thenog
<Content>Great Stay at The Belvedere Myself, my girlfriend and my brother stayed for 4 nights at the belvedere. I must say that I found the other reviews on the site most helpful when choosing a hotel for our first stay in NYC. The belvedere did not disappoint. The room had 2 doubles, nice bathroom and a small kitchen area (fridge  a microwave). The fridge was very useful after returning from a long day out and about. We stayed on the 5th floor so the poor elevator service was not much of an issue but I could see how it would annoy. The hotel is very central, plenty of subway  bus stops very nearby and all of the sites are easily accessible from here. I would definitely stay here again.A big thank you to everyone who contributes to the reviews and forums, it's a wonderful help when planning a trip away.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>harleychic10
<Content>Was just OK It did have a wonderful location, really close to Times Square, the subway and much more....We stayed on the 10th floor, the last room, near the employee elevator and boy did it smell! They leave their cleaning carts there all day, and even when there gone in the evening you can still smell them. Overall I would consider staying again, but with all the other nice hotels in the area, I think i'd try a new one.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charliejoe
<Content>Bad Belvedere My wife and I just returned from 3 nights 4 days at the Belvedere.April 27th-April 30th. 2006. I stayed here in summer of 2004,and,was very happy.I'm afraid I can't say the same this time.I paid $245.00 per night,all taxes included.It was a AAA rate.The elevators are very slow.They changed the lobbyfrom beautiful comfortable sofas to a few chairs ! The furniture in the room was all different. There were holes on the wall,where the old king bed was.The T.V was on a dresser instead of a beautiful amoire. I dont know,the room appeared much smaller.There is very little shelf space in the small bathroom. I have to say the staff is still pleasant and the location is excellent ! The changes just didn't seem like positive ones to me ? The Belvedere is ok, for the price range,nothing really special. It's not worth much more than $250.00 per night. I'm not sure if I will return here. If it matters,there is no bar or room service.This used to be a real find,but,I'm seeing more and more negative reviews on this site from other folks. I think the hotel is getting too big for their brithches. They are always sold out.??? Good luck,maybe you will find something better...  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MikeLinham
<Content>Perfection ... This was our first trip to the US so I wanted to get it right. Well I did! The room was excellent and being on the 14th floor not affected by any external noise. It was roomy, clean and well equipped with a good shower. The cafe was excellent for breakfast and the staff were generally helpful. The Conceirge did some times have a bit of a queue and was efficient rather than friendly. We used the shuttle to get back to the airport and, although the charge, $24, was more than the quote in the room the book it was in was a bit out of date and I should have asked for an update.We had a very enjoyable trip and would go straight back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelPro35
<Content>Horrible Experience I checked into The Belvedere for the last day of my week long trip in New York. I figured the price was quite low for a New York hotel and figured there would be some type of catch, which of course there was, but after reading the reviews on this site, I thought I'd give it a try. Bad idea. We started off by being overcharged $10 at check-in. When asked why, we were being charged more than was quoted to me over the phone, I was told oh, that's for a different room. Hmmmm. Once we got into our non-smoking room, someone had decided they would smoke in the bathroom, which apparently went unnoticed evidenced by the fact that our bathroom was absolutely filthy and I had to clean it myself by hand before using it. Not surprisingly, a cockroach ran across the filthy floor. Our invoice left under the door had to be corrected because they charged us twice for the same room, for the same night. And finally, upon leaving, I thought I may have left my phone behind in my room by the tv. I called the front desk on my way to the airport using my spouse's phone and was told to call back in a couple or hours and they will check lost and found to see if anyone had turned it in. Wow, don't go out of your way guys!Never ever again!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>R0b
<Content>Belvedere Blues We were very disappointed with our experience at the Belvedere. It simply does not match up with the write-up on the Internet. We originally reserved a King room, which was confirmed. When we arrived we were told that we had been downgraded and our rate had been reduced by a paltry $10. Our room was substandard and tired, and did not meet our expectations at all. The door lock did not work, we were unable to watch most channels on the TV due to static interference, and the window fell out when I attempted to close it. The staff on the front desk tried hard enough, but they appeared overworked, stressed and tired. We moved to a different hotel and our experience was altogether far superior. I filled in their feedback form and did not even receive an acknowledgement, which indicates that the management doesn鈥檛 care. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dishonest Management I reserved rooms for last week, but needed to cancel them. I called two and a half weeks ahead of time to cancel, and I was told it was taken care of. They billed my credit card anyway! They said I was a no-show, even though I told them exactly what date and time I called. I have spoken with two managers there, both of whom were rude and inflexible. They acknowledged that they had my cell phone number and could have called me, but didn't do so. I travel frequently on business and this is the most unprofessional conduct I've ever seen.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>pointyhead
<Content>Excellent Hotel for its' price range - variable rooms My wife and I (plus our two boys aged 8 and 13) stayed at the Belvedere for 6 nights in early April. We booked on their website paying ($214, $234 at weekends). We could probably have got a better deal paying upfront via a discount site, but wanted the flexibility of cancelling at the last moment.We arrived early (about 1:00pm) to be told our room wasn't ready. Following a sigh from my wife, they checked again and allocated a room on the 10th floor. This turned out to be a mixed blessing.We had booked via recommendations on this website, so were a little disappointed at the quality of the furnishings. Everything seemed a bit worn-out and the TV had poor reception. Anyway, we ventured out to explore New York and settled down to sleep at about 9pm having had a long trip and being on English hours . However, at 10:30pm we were awoken by teenagers shouting excitedly along the corridor. This continued for quite a while, until my wife ventured out and asked them to be quiet.Next morning, we asked to be moved and the hotel couldn't have been more helpful. We were put in a room on the 15th floor, looking out the front. This room had obviously been redecorated and was really nice, including a modern TV. So be aware that the rooms are variable and try to secure one of the newer ones.As regards the hotel and rooms in general :Location : Perfect, on the edge on Hells Kitchen, but very close to the action. Felt safe at all times.Plenty of restaurants within walking distance (we found Olympic Diner and Pigalle were both good).Hotel : Lifts are a little small and there can be some wait. Didn't try the restaurant or Gym.Staff : Excellent, very friendly and helpful especially bell boys.Rooms : Good size room for four of us, in 2 double beds. Bathroom is very small, but fine. Kitchen area (fridge, microwave, sink etc.) was an added bonus, which meant we could have the odd meal in our room. Cleaning : No issues with cleanliness, room cleaned well every day.So, with no experience of hotels in New York, we relied solely on the recommendations of this site to find a good choice within our budget. Happily, I feel that we came up trumps. The only caveat is to try to secure a newer room as that made all the difference to our stay. Would definitely book Belvedere again if returning to New York.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Papkins
<Content>Belvedere and beyond Hi, We My wife two teenage daughters and myself have just had a wonderful time in NYC. We stayed at the belvedere for 7 nights and cant complain, hotel was clean and friendly. Was on the 4th floor so the lifts were not a problem as some folks sometimes mention. The hotel is located in a really convienent location, only one block from Times square (less than 5 mins stroll) We had a full itinery for our stay and saw everything we wanted to. Tip for those who are not aware,before you go to NYC book your tickets on the web for Liberty island (time pass required to go inside the monument)Top of The Rock is well worth the visit and ESB all of these are a must see. We managed to get tickets to see Chicago at a really good price, Tip on the day go to the Ambassador Theatre box office for 9.30am, it opens at 10am. Shoppers, go to Customer services at both Macy's and Bloomingdales and get a 11% discount card off clothes and shoes.Food, great Pizza at Johns on Bleeker St Greenwich, best in New York, go Hungry and be prepared to queue, but well worth it. Nice sandwiches at Planet Sandwich nearby the hotel on 9th Avenue, the shop front is a little deceiving, but dont be put off. We got a taxi no problem, outside of the Hotel to take us back to JFK only cost $55 all in. same coming into the city, go to the official Taxi rank, you wont be stung.Will stay again at the Belvedere when we return to the Big Apple.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>familycrisp
<Content>great location We had our first trip to New york 31/3/06 - 4/4/06 stayed at the Belvedere after studying reviews on trip advisor. Room was on 7th floor so quite a lot of traffic noise but then it is Times SQuare New York! Room was clean and comfortable - The staff were very friendly and helpful and made our stay all the much better. For location and clean and friendly hotel we would advice any body to stay there. Cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rhodes06
<Content>Great Location ! I have just got back from this hotel and all in all thought it was very good.THE LOCATIONWas very well located just a couple of blocks from Times Square and Broadway and within walking distance of Central Park.It is also very near resturant row so there are lots of places to eat.THE ROOMThe main bedroom was quite a good size for New york, with a large comfortable bed, TV, Fridge,Microwave and Safe.We found it a nice hotel very clean and good views of the city buildings.We do have one complaint about this hotel the bathroom is tiny you even have to sit on the loo at an angle its so small but dont let this put you off the shower is powerful and hot and as i say its all very clean.THE STAFFThe staff are very friendly and helpful especially the conceirge they will answer any questions you may have.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location for theatres Average sized rooms with good quality furnishings. Small bathroom. Useful separate kitchenette area. We booked this hotel because it was near to the theatre district so no need for taxi after a show. Easy walking distance to Times Square. Everything you would expect from a 3 star hotel, but no wow factor.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MizzMocha
<Content>What an Awesome Hotel! Stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for one night (3/26/06) before a cruise to the Caribbean. I was EXTREMELY impressed by this hotel. Clean, spacious, comfortable room. The room had a separate sitting/living area with a sofa, desk and chair, armoire and TV with game set. There was a door that separated the bedroom from the living area, which was very convenient as my husband was ready for bed early and I was not, but I was able stay up and not disturb him by closing the door to the bedroom. The bedroom also had a TV in addition to two nightstands, a dresser, and a queen-sized bed. The room also had a coffee maker, refrigerator, microwave, iron and ironing board, and blow dryer--everything you would need for a nice stay. There is also free wireless Internet, though I did have some difficulty accessing it and the help number was disconnected. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is a restaurant on premise (but we didn't eat there). The Belvedere is in the heart of the theater/Times Square District right in the middle of the action. We could easily walk to Times Square and there were plenty of restaurants everywhere, from little mom and pops to trendy and upscale. Subway access was also within walking distance. PERFECT location! It was a little noisy, but in my opinion, all of New York is noisy. A good set of earplugs are necessary no matter where you stay in New York--it's a loud city!I took photos, but unfortunately I didn't know my flash wasn't working and the pictures did not come out! :(I got a smoking rate on Quikbook--just $140 for the night--a steal for this very nice, very clean, in the middle of all the action hotel. I would definitely stay in this hotel again. Thumbs all the way up on this one!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel I loved everything in the hotel, it was very clean, room had a private bath, two beds, TV and kitchenette where you had coffee to brew each morning. staff was very profesional. hotel is pricy but it's worth it because it's in a quiet street although you are very close to times square where all the action is. I would definetly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Peter_St_Helens
<Content>Perfect, don't know why some reviews are poor!       Lifts  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PatEric
<Content>Fairly price BUT ... We have just return from 5 days in NY. We stayed the first night in the Waldorf Astoria hotel and after, based on the excellent review, we booked 3 nights in the Belvedere. What a deception after the Waldorf !!! The price is fair, the situation is good if you like Times Square. If you prefer a more upscale and quiet district, forget the Belvedere ... The service and rooms are just acceptable. For example, they clean the room once a day (cleaning is not always perfect) and they don't come again in the evening. Rooms are just big enough, not more. You don't have to be more than one in the bathroom. It is very small. At the reception, people are not so friendly. So, just a 3* hotel and no more.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TaylorKat
<Content>Belvedere Hotel was Great! We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel 3/23- 3/26/06 and my experience there was great! It was reasonably priced, close to the theaters (about 1-2 blocks away) and about 4 blocks from Times Square. Also Rockerfella Center was within walking distance. We had a two double beds that were comfortable, tv, microwave, small fridge, coffee maker, iron  a safe. The room was very clean, the towels were soft and the room was quiet at night. Although that may have been because we weren't overlooking the street. There was a fire station nearby, but we only heard it while we were walking. The staff was very accomodating. Check-in is at 4, but we arrived early and they stored our luggage and said to call around 1:30  they'd try to get our room ready for us  they did. Also the Concierge was great with suggestions of nearby restaurants...Becco's was only two blocks over  a wonderful restaurant. All in all for my first stay in NYC, it was great  I highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location but the elevators are a pain! Stayed at the Belvedere in April 2006. Excellent location near Times Square - cannot fault it. The room was a good standard and large by New York standards. The bathroom was a bit cramped though. The maid service was excellent and the room was spotless. In short, the Belvedere deserves its high rating. Our main issues were the following:There are only two elevators which may be used by guests. These are not large elevators (they can hold maybe six thin people!) and since there are seventeen floors we had long waits to get downstairs and back up again. While we were staying there, construction was ongoing on our floor for a few rooms. This meant that the carpet was covered with paper to protect it and there was dust everywhere until they stopped work after 5pm. In addition since our room was located right next to the service elevator our door was blocked several times by trolleys of debris which was annoying. I don't mind construction work but I do mind that the reception desk never told us this would be happening while we were staying on that floor. A little common courtesy would not go amiss!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GeorgeCoTyrone
<Content>Definitely Worth a look We are just back from a 4 night stay at the Belvedere with little complaints. The Belvedere is quite Central which is key. Its walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building, Central Park etc providing you don't mind a 15-20 min walk and the weather is fine. The lobby is well staffed with a concierge etc to assist with Luggage, Taxi's, Tourist info etc. The bedroom we had was very clean and spacious but the bathroom was small. A fridge, Microwave etc is provided in the bedroom along with satellite TV etc, but if your a tourist you won't be in it long anyway as there's too much to see and do! The room was very warm but did have air con, although we found it too noisy to leave on at night. The breakfast in the Hotel is superb but a touch expensive at $17. There is no Bar which is unfortunate, but there are hundreds of Bars and resturaunts close by. The room rates jump substantially at the weekend, so if you can stay mid week its adviseable.All I would ask the Hotel to do is get a Bar and have bigger bathrooms.Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fairly priced, well located hotel Hotel Belvedere in W48th St is far enough from the tawdry Times Square to offer a quiet night's sleep but near enough to walk to the theatres. It's actually quite fairly priced as well - though watch out for weekend increases. The beds were the firmest I've experienced in a hotel, excellent. Bad points: the TV had about 40 channels, only one of which wasn't snowy.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money My friend and I stayed at The Belevedere and were very impressed with it. Our first trip to Mew York and this hotel is in a brilliant location for all the sights. The staff were friendly and helpful, our beds were the most comfortable we've ever slept in. We were on the 15th floor which wasn't a problem as the lifts were effecient.Our room was spotlessly clean and we would definitly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My friend and I spent March 26-29 at the Belvedere. The room was excellent, very clean and plenty of room. The staff was outstanding, every member we encountered was friendly and went out of their way to help you. I would definitely recommend the Belvedere to anyone visiting NYC. I have stayed at several other places and there was no comparison. Also, within walking distance of bus lines, time square and many other places to visit. They also let us store our luggage since our departure time was after checkout for no charge. Great place! Will stay with them on my next visit.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shortysnh
<Content>Will return in a New York minute! I loved everything about this hotel. The price was right, the interior was modern, clean, and upscale, the room size not bad (for New York), great staff, great location. This is my new digs of choice when I'm in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Belvedere March 15-24th.Beautifull hotel,good location.The room on the 5th floor was large, clean and the bathroom was very nice. Kitchenette was useful specialy for the breakfast. Front desk, bell and concierge staff friendly.We had a great time and we would definately recommend this hotel and will return again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vinny
<Content>i'm in two minds! okay so when i booked this hotel, following reviews on tripadvisor of course.. i was convinced this was a luxury hotel. i honestly cannot fault the cleanliness, general service, and comfort. i don't know if i was being naieve about the price vs. standard of new york hotels (i've only been once before and stayed in a really cute boutique hotel in chelsea). so when i arrived i was *slightly* disappointed at its ordinariness. BUT!!!! the hotel at the end of the day is great.. room was very clean, the bathroom was teeny tiny but that's only a small quibble. however my mum did manage to knock a pot of moisturiser into the toilet that's how little space there was. the room itself was good - i've stayed in bigger, but the two twin beds were extremely comfortable and made every day and we were given clean towels each day. plenty of storage space and there was also cable tv and nintendo. it was a pleasure to come back to our room. the breakfasts are amazing - they seem pricey, but by the time u've been out to a local diner and paid 15 dollars u may as well pay a couple of dollars more and really fill up for the day. seriously, this hotel has the best american breakfast buffet EVER. (u have to try the sausages). location is beyond brilliant. u can walk to times square and the rockerfellar in about two minutes, and it's obviously very close to the subway.staff were very helpful at all times (altho the concierge's prediction about february's blizzard being nothing to worry about was slightly off the mark, hehe!!) but honestly they could not have been more helpful in a time of crisis, giving advice about amtrak etc etc. one thing i do want to mention. the fire alarm. ringing at 4a.m. two mornings on the run. and apparently a couple of days before we arrived, according to the other guests. i get up early anyway so it didn't bother me too much but i can see how it could have been really, really annoying for a lot of people wanting a good night's sleep. but i suppose u r in the city that never sleeps!?!? no apology was at any point offered to us, or indeed an explantion. so that pretty much sucked. also one night, about 10pm, there were some guys shouting right outside our room -they definitely weren't guests and we felt uncomfortable enough to creep over and bolt the door. please don't let this put u off tho, i shouldn't imagine security is a major issue but it did make me feel slightly uneasy. we left some things in the room too which they sent to us (at our expense) and the service was reasonably speedy. so apart from a few minor points i would wholeheartedly recommend the belvedere! thanks for a great stay.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent Location Stayed at this hotel in July 2003 for 2 nights but on different occasions-loved it!Nice looking hotel from the outside situated 2blocks from Times Sq in the perfect location. Also walking distance to the piers on the west side from which the boat tours leave.Beautiful and classy lobby with lots of space gives the guest the impression that they are staying in a much more expensive hotel.Spacious enough rooms and the one we had was south facing with 2 windows so we had a perfect view eastwards towards Times Sq.Didn't dine in the hotel but very attractive eating area.All-round excellent hotel that i would recommend to everyone  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mzieger
<Content>Convenient business stay 1) Friendly staff2) Very convenient location to banking center3) Nice, spacious rooms3) Good bar just next door  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tcook052
<Content>Another positive stay at Belvedere Just returned from an overall very enjoyable 5 night stay at the Belvedere and am very happy to report I can find way more good points than negatives. The $165 per night rate I got back in Nov. from the hotel's own website a very good deal considering the prices went up the closer I got to arrival date so there must only be a limited amount of rooms at this internet special price made available. The room was fairly standard with 2 large double beds, nice walk- in closet with safe, luggage rack  ironing board plus the small kitchenette that I, as others, found so handy during the stay. Front desk, bell and concierge staff friendly. As most reviews have mentioned, it's 2 blocks to Times Square so hard to go wrong for value + location, somthing not usually found together in Midtown/Theatre District. I did find it ironic two Hilton brand properties, the Hilton Garden Inn and the Hampton Inn both within a few blocks of the belvedere but when I was checking both were a min. of $30 more per night than Belvedere, and often up to $100 more for essentially the same thing but with the brand name. There were a few small notes about housekeeping I'd made to myself, such as bathtub not fully cleaned or carpet vacuumed thoroughly, but both fairly minor, picky things compared to all the Belvedere and it's staff did right. The cable TV being out for 24 hours, well, that likely wasn't entirely the hotel's fault though the apologies weren't too profuse when I called the front desk. But hey--it's NYC and I only flipped it on one night after a long day of touring to put the feet up.If you do plan on giving the Belvedere a try, and I would highly suggest it, there is a subway stop over on West 50th Street, so a very short two block walk if that. Also, buying an unlimited 24-hour Metropass for $7 probably the best value in the city besides the Belvedere.All in all, a very positive experience and I can now see why the Belvedere is so highly rated in the Tripadvisor rankings. Two thumbs way up!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience Great Hotel My daughter and I stayed there from 16th - 20th March. Our room and facilities were great. The hotel was friendly, efficient and safe. Within walking distance of the all attractions - we used the New York Sightseeing Bus, just around the corner from the hotel and had a great choice of restaurents in Restaurent Row, 2 blocks up. Found a great place for breakfast in Pigalle Brassiere, across the road from the deli. We had a great time and we would definately recommend this hotel and will return again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Belvedere is Excellent! We stayed at the Belvedere March 9-14th. What a great place. Very close to Times Square. Theatres and restaurants are within walking distance. Very clean. Service from staff was excellent. The hotel had everything we needed and then some. When we return to New York we will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! This was a perfect hotel for a first time visitor (and will be our first choice for any future visit). The room was clean, comfortable, and relatively quiet. The location was perfect...within walking distance to the theaters and Times Square sites and close to the subway. It's proximity to markets coupled with the microwave and fridge in the room made food easy and affordable. Do check out Amy's bakery on 9th between 48th and 46th...great breakfast breads. The room was very warm as noted in other reviews, but it was livable...just take summer PJ's.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to say in New York The Belvedere was a bit rich for my blood, but it was money well spent. Be advised that the earlier you can book your hotel, the better chance you have of finding a lower rate. I was very close to Times Square, yet in a quiet location, and I always felt safe walking home at night with my daughter. The accommodations were clean and classy. With a microwave and fridge in the room, I was able to bring home doggy bags and heat them up later. There are no dishes, however, aside from glasses and cups. There was a coffee maker and coffee supplied each day. The in-room safe was a nice touch. Everything I read in the official hotel blurb was accurate. I found nothing to complain about and was happy staying at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>annie238
<Content>What a joy!!!       room view...  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere was great value for money! We stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights at the beginning of February.The room was clean and after reading other reviews what we pleasantly expected. The bathroom is tiny but was neat and clean and hey, it is NY. Bath could have been deeper.The staff were friendly (especially the lovely Jerry), who helped us with directions/maps on arrival.It was in a great location one block to Times Square/Broadway and close to subway stations that went everywhere we wanted to go.We thought it was great value for money in such an expensive place! Would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MemphisLove2travel
<Content>Loved the location We stayed at the Belvedere for 3 nights and it was wonderful. It was in walking distance to the subway and Times Square. The only thing that I didn't care for was the bathroom and the elevator was very small. The concierge was very helpful and friendly. The price of the hotel was great considering we were in New York. I would certainly recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Like2TravelMom
<Content>Great Location, Great Price We booked this hotel based on other reviews and were not disappointed. The location is excellent--a couple of blocks away from Times Square, close to Broadway theaters (the 1/2 price Broadway ticket booth is 5-10 minutes away), restaurants and Gray Line tour bus stops (the Gray Line Tour Bus office is a block and a half away). The street the hotel is located on is relatively quiet (you sometimes hear fire truck/police sirens--but where in New York don't you? A fire station is 1 1/2 blocks away). At check-in, we asked for a room on a higher floor and were not bothered by noise. Our room was clean and decent-sized for NYC (the bathroom is small though--big enough for one person). We had a problem with our air conditioner the first night (very noisy)--they sent someone up to repair it but the problem wasn't fixed. Another repairman came up the next day and replaced the air conditioner while we were out sightseeing. Our room had a safe, microwave, small sink and large dorm-sized refrigerator. The refrigerator is a nice convenience to store restaurant leftovers or stock up on drinks/snacks from the market around the corner. For the price we paid, this hotel was a great deal in an excellent location and we would definitely stay here again during our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>propredicr
<Content>Nice, clean and quiet My wife and I stayed at the Belvedere March 7-13 and had a great time. We arrived late and were greeted by very friendly staff at the front desk and Eric-bellman. We booked online and had a breakfast meal package and it was very plentiful. This hotel is affordable, clean, quiet and close to all the major attractions, subway, restaurants. Kept the window open all the time and only noise was on the weekend. Hey, NYC, the city that never sleeps. Stayed on the 15th floor on the even numbered side...great view.Check out Brazil Grill, Ruby Foo's, also, Dim Sum in Chinatown @ Shanghai House. Saw Lion King and Phantom. Wow! Only negative was the Concierge was curt and forgetful. Asked to make dinner reservations and was told to come back. Came back and the gal forgot to make them. Again, told me that they would be made and a confirmation would be sent to my room vmail. No confirmation was ever sent, so I went to the restaurant myself to check and no reservations were made. Other than that, the hotel is outstanding!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere This is a wonderful hotel on a not-so-busy street but just a few blocks away from Times Square. Clean and very nice service. Definitely ask for the NY1 special as you get a free breakfsat at the retaurant each day, and it's REALLY good!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If i could give anyone one tip..... It would be to take some plastic cutlery and paper plates with them, Nothing worse than having a microwave,fridge and no plates or cutlery to have takeaway meals with for them few nights in, Just back from 7 nights at The Belvedere and i could not fault the place at all, Left the room at around 09:30 each day to return around 5ish to find teh bed made and fresh towels put out everyday,done a show whilst there so if anyone is thinking of doing the same use ---------- for discount tickets, For first time vistors to New York like myself i would also tell you to get in touch with ------- took us to places we would never have found on our own, If anyone needs any help then just drop me a e-mail  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wimbrussel
<Content>Don't hesitate - go for the Belvedere We took advantage of the NY1 deal offered on the hotel's own website. A king bedded room with breakfast for two (otherwise $ 17 per person) came down to $209. For a double bedded room the same deal only cost $ 189. You won't find many better deals this central in New York City. Clean and quiet rooms, friendly staff, excellent buffet breakfast, three subway stations nearby. The surrounding streets are studded with good places to eat and for those who want to avoid high restaurant prices, there are excellent food halls on 8th Avenue. The only minor negative detail I can think of is the noisy air conditioning system in the room. We would definitley consider the Belvedere again for our next visit to New York.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jude86
<Content>great hotel Having read reviews on this site, we chose the Belvedere. When we arrived the staff were friendly  helpful. The first impression when we walked into our room was WOW!! Loads of room, loads of storage space for those presents!! spacious bathroom, massive bed  a good view of the New York mid town. This hotel is close to all attractions  a 5 minute walk from Time Square. I would recommend Tonys DiNapoli Italian restaurant on 43st, great food  friendly staff. I would recommend this hotel to anyone  will visit it again on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - Great location We decided to stay in the Belvedere because we stayed there about 2 years ago and liked it very much. We had toyed with the idea of staying in somewhere different, but I found a last minute deal for a king-sized room on the internet.The hotel hadn鈥檛 changed much since our last stay. The rooms were nice and clean with all the amenities. The bedroom has a small kitchen area by the door, which is handy to make any snacks after coming back.There was a new restaurant linked to the hotel called the Churrascaria Plataforma, which was great as I鈥檝e always felt it was a pity the hotel had no bar before. The restaurant is definitely worth a visit, with a 鈥榚at as much as you can鈥?buffet and excellent food.During our stay they were re-polishing the lobby floor (which was not really an inconvenience as it was done during the night), but it meant that 2 of the 4 elevators were out of service for long periods of time, and we found ourselves waiting for long.I would definitely recommend the Belvedere to anyone visiting NYC, if only for its excellent location on 48th Street and 8th Avenue. You will not be disappointed with the place, and may find yourself coming back there again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Maxie123
<Content>Far exceeded my expectations! From arriving at the hotel a couple of hours earlier than expected to leaving six days later; the Belvedere Hotel exceeded it's expectations ten fold.I had chosen the hotel through the Trip Advisor recommendations and was not disappointed. My friend and I enjoyed a roomy, two bedded room complete with small kitchenette (microwave, coffee maker and fridge); t.v. with movies on demand; a lovely warm heater and a very tasteful bathroom complete with travel size goodies and hairdryer! The room was cleaned daily to a very good standard and was a welcome retreat at the end of a busy day. The hotel's location was unbeatable really in that it was minutes away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and all that has to offer, whilst being down a side street and away from the neon lights and heavy traffic. There were numerous restaurants of various nationalities within minutes walk (which was perhaps as well given the distance we covered during the day). The bin men / refuse collectors came every night though (although didn't stay long) and there was no cutlery available in the kitchen...but these were minor issues in comparison to the experiences of people who were being charged far more for their accommodation and were unhappy with the noise/cleanliness etc;I have already recommended the hotel to several of my friends and will no doubt continue to do so for some time to come!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JudyHLancs
<Content>Great Hotel Booked a room for 3 of us, 2 adults  1 teenager. Plenty big enough. Fridge was useful as i had taken travel kettle so bought milk to make my cups of tea{can't get a good cuppa in New York}. Much closer to times square than we thought, about 1 block away. Lovely mexican round the back, Blockheads, really good  very reasonable. Also had a great meal at Olive gardens in times square. We found the staff very nice especially the doorman who seemed to be there all the time in the freezing cold always with a smile.I would definately recommend this hotel. Be back soon i hope.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gus_9
<Content>Great Having had a long flight from South Africa the rooms were great as well as the staff. Have stayed there twice and has got better and better. For a tourist it is the best place to be. Close to Times Square and other major attractions.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>momof4boys
<Content>just great The Belvedere was exactly what we wanted for a theater trip Feb 21-23,'06-perfect location-wonderful front desk personnel-clean and nicely appointed rooms at a great price! Our 2nd visit and we would return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel in a fantastic location Stayed here for a long weekend at the end of Feb 06.Had a room on 4th floor, but traffic noise was not an issue. Pipes were a bit noisey but only in very short bursts and it didn't cause us any problems.Room was a good size for the two of us, very warm (too warm really - but better than the cold temps outside!!). Was of a good clean standard.Staff were friendly and helpful (except for the receptionist who was a bit offish).Didn't try the food at the hotel, great place for breakfast round the on 7th between 48 and 49 called Olympic.Very central location, good for times sq, theatres etc. still no where is too far to walk!If I was to come back to New York, would def consider staying here.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location for theater wife and I stayed here for one night, Feb. 28th and found it to be just perfect for getting to the theater and loads of restaurants on 9th ave. The hotel has had an on going renovation period. The room was comfortable and most importantly very clean. And the best of all was the very reasonable price we paid for the room. ($152). Another plus is that it is located on a comparetivly quite section of 48th street.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Terrible... Stayed here for 2 nights, found a good online deal. Should of spent a extra few dollars and stayed somewhere else. The room was small, the elevators were tiny 3-4 people with no bags, the hallways were narrow. After being out of the room all day came back to a freezing room, house keeping had left window open, it was 20F outside. They advertise they have a cafe' and lounge however the cafe seems to never be open and to get to the loung you have to walk around the block; at 12:30am we were pushed out of the lounge because they were closing. The staff was your average We dont want to be here types. Just all in all a bad experience.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>harryt
<Content>Dissappointed I booked this hotel as a result of reading the reviews on this web site and I was dissappointed.I booked the hotel through the hotels own website at $1200 for 4 nights and I choose to stay in a Superior room at the cost of $50 a night extra.However when I arrived we were given one of the smallest rooms.I went to the front desk and I was told all the rooms were the same size and that they had no superior rooms.They told me the reason I had paid $50 extra was to guarantee the bed allocation (2 doubles)I did nt mind what beds we had but I thought the room would have been bigger,(it looked bigger on the website).The hotel is very central and clean but for the price we paid I think we would have better elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jancy_7
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel The Belvedere was wonderful and the reviews have been absolutely correct. I loved the location and the staff!!! I will definitely be staying there again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KFY1996
<Content>Good Value We stayed there 2 nights in mid-January after our long Atlantic Coast trip. Location is just a few blocks from Times Square. Perfect location to all sightseeing activities. Rooms are spacious and tidy. Front Desk is very friendly and helpful. Price is reasonable comparing to other hotels with the same rating. I'd definitely stay in this hotel again in my following trips to NYC.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Belevedere My wife and i stayed here mid January.I'm just posting to say all the reviews about the Belvedere are correct, this hotel is very clean and tidy and the staff are very friendly.The location of this hotel is superb and perfect for seeing the sights.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NadineMelbourne
<Content>nice room, nice service We booked and stayed 5 nights at The Belvedere. It was a nice room, antique style furniture, large T.V. Beds were ok. Laundry service offered in basement is adequate, no laundry powder provided. Front desk and concierge were very helpful. Although we did have an issue with a dinner delivery from a local restaurant, communication issues with restaurant and hotel. We had a good stay, but I would perhaps check around for something more affordable and value for money next time.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brendaman
<Content>Good Location, Reasonable Price, Nice Rooms We stayed at the Belvedere from Feb. 9-14, 2006 and were very happy with the service, location and price. THE HOTEL. The Front Desk people were courteous and very helpful. We stayed in a double room on the 14th floor facing 48th street. It was relatively noisy as we often heard sirens, but it was nice to look out at part of Times Square. Perhaps rooms on the other side would have been quieter. As you enter the room, the little kitchenette area was first. It had cabinets, a dry sink, microwave and fridge. Others have written about the lack of any plates or silverware, but we did not mind since you could obtain these at the delis and convenience stores all over NYC. In fact, there were two on 8th Ave. between 48th and 49th streets. The bathroom was next to the kitchenette, and it was small, but most nice bargain hotels in NYC have such small bathrooms. Across from the bathroom was a closet with a safe/lockbox. The double room beds are double beds. We had been used to queen sized beds in double rooms, so at first we thought the beds were rather small, but they were fine. Queen sized beds would be too big for this room. The pictures of the room from the hotel website, as well as Expedia do look like what we had. The furniture was adequate and nice. My only complaint was that there was little room between the bed and the dresser, desk, etc. It was a squeeze to place the one chair in front of the desk. The second floor had the ice machine and fitness center. There were towels in the fitness center and other nice touches. We didn't have trouble with the elevators. There were two center elevators and one on each end of the hallway (although we only used the one of the end elevators, so we're not sure about the other end elevator). We didn't go to the cafe. There was a convenient sundries shop which closed around 9PM, but as I mentioned earlier, there were other convenience stores nearby.THE NEIGHBORHOOD. The hotel is located just a few blocks from the main action of Times Square on 48th St (towards the middle of the block between 8th and 9th Avenue). It is closer to the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood. We preferred to frequent 9th Avenue for restaurants, convenient stores, etc. as they were quieter and less expensive. The closest subway stop is on 49th and 8th avenue (C, E lines), but other lines were just a few blocks away and taking the subway one stop to 42nd St. provides one with access to many of the other lines. Checking out was a breeze. RESTAURANTS. We had breakfast at the Olympic Diner on 8th Ave. (between 48th and 49th) and by the 3rd time in, they would have my coffee on the table even before I took my coat off. There were many restaurants nearby which have received good ratings from Zagats (e.g. Thalia, Pigalle), but the nearby Mexican restaurant on 48th did not get such good ratings, albeit they do advertise two-for-one margaritas. We found a nice convenience/grocery store on 9th Ave called Amish (between 48th and 49th Ave?) which had great pastry, bakery, prepared food bar, fresh fruit, etc. They even had a few tables if you wanted to eat there. Of course, there is also the Food Emporium on 8th Ave. If you really must go to one of the eateries on Times Square, please stay away from the Fridays, Planet Hollywood, Olive Garden, etc. and opt for Ruby Foos, although be prepared not to have a quiet meal as the noise levels cab be rather high.We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous rooms AT UNREAL PRICES We Travelled from Ireland to get married in New York and spent alot of time searching for the perfect hotel. We found it! and it did not cost an arm and a leg. REALLY lovely rooms, very central and fantastic service I cound'nt recommend it more and I am very picky. Go for it you won't regret it.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sharpette
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed at the Belvedere from 22nd Dec 2005 - 1st Jan 2006 and we couldnt rate it higher ! The rooms were spacious and the kitchenette came in so handy. The doormen, bellboys and desk staff were all extremely friendly and willing to help ! We didnt need the heating on as the rooms were quite warm. It is very close to Times Square and not to far from Central Park.There's a great fresh food eatery under Time Warner which was great ( Columbus Circle ). Highly recommnded hotel... would definitely stay there again !  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average We returned from here on 10th Jan 06, really enjoyed ourselves however, staff were extremely rude and quite ignorant. We were really surprised at this. Also pictures on the internet do not all correspond with the actual hotel, rooms and hallways are much more dated. We also had a kitchenette which we thought would be great. It had no plates, cups, cutlery or sockets, very dissappointing. We would not return. It was very overpriced like a lot in this area.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merr11
<Content>Really great! I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of this hotel for the comparatively little money we spent. The lobby was very pretty and new, the rooms were spacious, the bathroom newly renovated (small) but very clean. And it is but a block from Times Square, so the location is terrific. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NuandMitch
<Content>Fantastic location - Great Hotel Just returned from a fantastic trip to New York (20-24 Jan) and chose The Belvedere from the reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. It is a fantastic location near everything you need without being too noisy. (It was louder over the Friday and Saturday night but that's what you expect from a city!!) Subway was close by and the Concierge was more than happy to help with directions until you get the hang of it!! We had a two double room which was much bigger than we expected, it was a little dated but for the price we paid for the stay did not expect any more. Personally we did not have a problem with the heating, size of the bathroom or the elevators. Also I managed to leave a whole load of clothes behind (teach me for not checking properly!!) the hotel were really helpful and took just a couple of days to have my items shipped back to me. We would recommend the Pigallen restaurent for breakfast, just around the corner from the hotel - we found this to be a huge breakfast at good value and really set you up for the day sight seeing. We would definitely stay at The Belvedere again, for value for money and location it would be diffiult to beat.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chorgan
<Content>Excellent!!! We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for 5 nights from 22 Jan-27 Jan. This was my 2nd trip to NY in the past year. I previously stayed at the Comfort Inn on 35th st  there is absolutely no comparison between the 2 hotels. The Comfort Inn is shabby, old and the rooms are small, the hallways  carpet are dirty. My expectations were thus low after my experience in The Comfort Inn, but the Belvedere passed my high standards with flying colours. For a few dollars more than The Comfort Inn, The Belvedere offers clean, comfortable accommodation in an excellent location. We had a large room with 2 double beds (advertised on the website as a delux room). The beds were very comfortable, the room huge  the fridge and microwave an added bonus. There was excellent shower pressure  the bathroom was a decent size. I would highly recommend this hotel to other travellers who are looking for a comfortable stay while on holidays. The only minor complaint I did have was that the room was really hot as it was quite mild during our stay for the time of year, however we opened the window a crack  this solved the problem somewhat. The subway is close by  all major attractions are within walking distance. We did not eat at the hotel but there are plenty of diners within minutes walk of the hotel. I will be staying at the Belvedere again on my next visit to the Big Apple and I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rainbowstring
<Content>Nice safe hotel         
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarArlington
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for the weekend of 1/20-23. This hotel is very clean, safe, great staff, beautiful lobby, great shower and towels, convenient to 9th street restaurants and all of Times Square. I highly recommend this place. The room was way too warm, but it cooled off quickly with fan and/or air conditioner.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Grumpathome
<Content>Good Price in a good theatre location for a NYC Hotel - with a few concerns. We stayed at the Belvedere for 2 nights on Jan 27-29,2006. We go to NYC once or twice a year for theatre weekends and this was our first time at the Belvedere. The location to the theatres is great(we were within 4 blocks of the 3 theatres we were going to). You are a little way from all the action on Broadway and Times Square, but that was OK.Before I get more into the rooms, let me make one recommendation - request that your room be away from the elevators - very noisy - also the doors to the rooms are not soundproof, so if you want a quiet room you should be warned...you will hear hall noise.We had 2 rooms - my sister and a friend were meeting us in NY for the weekend, they were there for 3 nights. They had two double beds in a room across from the elevator on the eleventh floor. Their rooms had a major problem with the heat - it was like a sauna in there. There was no way to adjust the radiator, and the hotel staff were not able to fix it much(we don't know how hard they tried) so they had to run the airconditioning the whole time to try and cool it down some ( the radiator won...)  We had a king size bed which was comfortable. In both rooms, the bathrooms are tiny. You can barely shut the door when you get in there, also, the light switch is outside the door, so if you want to use the bathroom during the night, the light goes on before you can shut the door, so the person asleep in the bed gets bright lights in the eye ( I know from experience). Our radiator was not as bad as my sister's , but to keep it comfortable, we also had to run the air conditioner (seems like a waste of energy). The room also had a niche with a refridgerator, microwave and coffee maker and some cupboard space - we did not use this area at all - but it could have been useful (I would rather have a larger bathroom and the fridge etc., free standing somewhere else in the room. We requested extra pillows and towels, but because we had left for the theatre and were not in the room, they did not leave them, and by the time we got back, it was too late to wait up for them (a note and a tip got them the next day when they cleaned the room) By European standards, the room is large, by American, it is average, with smaller bathroom than we usually find.Overall, for the price, We paid $175 plus taxes - total about $204 a night, we would stay here again - it is cheap for NYC and we were so on the go, we didn't spend much time there. For the difference in price from some of the other hotels, we've stayed at, we can afford another theatre ticket or dinner out. We probably won't stay here when we come in September for the US Open Tennis - we would rather be closer to Times Square Metro stop for ease in getting to Flushing Meadows and the Open.We did not use the restaurant, but the concierge was helpful with 2 reservations for dinner- one suggestion was OK, the other an Italian - Amorone Ristorante at 686 9th and 46th(?), was excellent - try the Scalloppine al Gorgonzola - yum.It is a brisk 20 or so minute walk to the south end of Cental Park. For great choices in Musicals, must sees are Wicked, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Spamalot, Avenue Q (not for kids). Enjoy the Big Apple!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Affordable option near theaters Stayed here two nights last week. I agree with just about everyone's reviews here. The Belvedere is a terrific affordable option in the city. It is not luxurious, but it is a perfectly acceptable clean efficiently run place to stay, not completely devoid of atmosphere, especially if you are going to see some shows. Pros: Good location, close to subways. Reasonable rates (we paid $375 incl. taxes for 2 nights with 24 hours of internet and one in room movie). Self park is $27, recommend this over valet ($39), as it is around the block, very close. Comfortable bedding, didn't hear a lot of noise, small kitchen area would come in handy for longer stays. Polite staff.Cons: Hot hot room, dry dry air. We turned the AC on low and this took care of it. Maybe if the weather had been seasonably cold (it was quite warm), this wouldn't have been as much of an issue.We also enjoyed Olympic Diner for breakfast, we also had good appetizers and 2 for 1 margaritas at Sombrero, right next door.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>royroyroy
<Content>Good budget choice for theater district I spent three nights this week on the tenth floor for $170/night incl. tax. Internet access was $10 extra. Most of the discount websites seem to offer space here like Hotels and even JetBlue.Plusses: Good value. Walking distance to all the shows- spent a nice evening at The Producers and walked six short blocks home. Refrigerator, coffee maker and microwave in the room. Reasonably large rooms. Windows that open for fresh air. Friendly efficient staff. Relatively quiet location accross from PS17 on a side street.Minuses: Slightly outdated from the lobby to the room furnishings. Medium grade sound-proofing- lost sleep the last night because of post-midnight partying in room next door. Minimal in-hotel dining opitons, but who cares- plenty of places right outside the door. Some rooms rented long-term and these guest are allowed pets- didn't bother me but might be a problem if you have allergies.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tawny
<Content>Huge/tremendous Price Increase- $827.53 increase! I stayed at the Belvedere over Thanksgiving 2004 for 4 nights for a total of $731.84. The same 4 nights for this upcoming Thanksgiving 2006 will cost $1559.37 for a total increase of $827.53. While the Belvdere is in a great location and clean with good service.....this price increase, even for NY, is outrageous.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Whoami91
<Content>Great location; great hotel I stayed at the Belvedere from Jan 13-17; Been to NYC many times, but it was the first time I actually stayed in the city. I've usually stayed in Jersey and commuted, but this hotel has changed my future plans. The hotel is centrally located; close to subway, Time Square, Rockerfeller, and plenty of restaurants. The staff was very helpful everytime we needed them. The room was large enough for a party of four. It had plenty of drawers to store the clothes, closet was big and had a safe, and the little kitchenette was a plus. The bathroom is a bit small, but large enough for what you need it. The room was clean and nicely decorated. We stayed on the 11th floor. There was your usual noise from the sirens (from fire station down the street), but nothing that would stop you from sleeping. The elevators were slow at times but nothing unbearable. We never ate at the hotel; always ate out; there were plenty of restaurants nearby. You have Starbuck's on the corner for a quick coffee and a small grocery store on the corner of 8th Ave. Getting to/from Laguardia Airport was easy, only a 20 min @ night and 35 during the afternoon. We used the same driver for both trips (get their phone number and they will arrange to pick you up). I recommend this hotel to anyone. This should be a four-star hotel; it has an excellent location. The area is very safe; was not afraid to walk alone with my son at nights.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NY_Michigander
<Content>Great room and price for NYC! We stayed at The Belvedere for one night in Jan '06. It was a wonderful hotel. Room was quite large (especially for NYC!) and very clean. Bathroom was also very clean, nice linens, a tad small but not a deal breaker. It is right in the theatre district near tons of restaurants, steps away from Times Square, and very close to major subway lines. I would highly recommend this hotel to people trying to visit NYC on a budget!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love, love, love After a nightmare night's stay in another hotel, the Belvedere worked us in for the next 3 nights. They were sooooo helpful and kind to us. The room was extremely clean and quite. The location was great too. I look forward to returning!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wackyjackie
<Content>great overall stay I stayed at the Belvedere hotel for 1 night on January 15th with my boyfriend. We got a great rate (plus 15% discount with AAA card). I requested a non-smoking room/king bed. Room was very clean. Bed was pretty comfortable. hot water and shower pressure good. great hotel location. 2 negatives: room was sooo hot and dry and there were no controls for the temperature AND very noisy at night. Constant banging on doors and slamming sounds. Have no idea what that was all about! Overall great hotel and you can't beat the price. would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel, great stay  Just returned from my second stay at the Belvedere and am delighted to report my first visit was not a fluke, and had a very happy and comfortable stay in this good value hotel.The rooms and bathrooms are of a good size, nice decor throughout and the rooms have mini kitchens, and all spotlessly clean, plenty hot water and fresh towels etc. My only gripe was a lady on the consierge desk (Ms. Jenkins) who was extremely rude and unhelpful, not just with me but other guests, but it certainly didn't spoil my stay and found all the other hotel staff that i had the pleasure to meet most pleasant and more than helpful.Location is perfect for all the attractions and on the door step of Times Square and the Theatre District and close to Public Transport.Would not think about going to another Hotel when hopefully I return to the Big Apple in the future.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!! I stayed at The Belvedere Hotel for five nights in Nov 2005 with my Mum and had a wonderful time. The room was very spacious with two double beds, a fridge, coffee maker and microwave. The safe in the room was also very useful and easy to use. The rooms were cleaned every day and fresh linen / towels put out. We had a room on the 17th floor and experienced no problems whatsoever with the lifts - I think the longest we had to wait was approx 5 minutes on one occasion! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful - the porters booked us a taxi to the airport on our return and kept our bags for us after we had checked out - our flight wasn't until 8.30pm. We never ate in the hotel but there are hundreds of restaurants and cafes nearby - New York breakfasts are the best! In all we had a fantastic experience in New York and the Belvedere Hotel helped make it so! I would definitely go back there.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goldcardluke
<Content>Great hotel       If you visit NYC near Christmas be sure to check out the Rockefeller Center tree  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JournoEngland
<Content>Wonder hotel and location We stayed here while on our honeymoon and it was wonderful. From check-in (when we arrived early) to check-out it was great.The staff are very friendly and helpful, even offering to photocopy our passports in case we got asked for ID. We then put them and our money in the safe deposit box (which could be accessed until 11pm).Our room was a good size (apparently unusual in NYC) with a kitchenette complete with fridge and microwave. It overlooked the street but was still quiet at night - despite being only two blocks away from Times Square and Broadway and one block away from a fire station.The bathroom had a washing line to dry clothes - but it was easier to use the laundrette in the basement.The gym (if you like the kinda thing) was well stocked and there was a shop, good vending machines and a working ice machine (a rarity in hotel I've found).The location was excellent - 15 mins walk from Central Park, right on Times Square and five mins from nearest subway.We will definitely we staying here when we return to New York.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Val&Ian
<Content>Lovely Hotel My Husband and I stayed at the Belvedere 23rd December till 2nd January. It is a great Hotel very clean and the staff are all very nice and helpful. Its in a great location close to everything. The rooms are a good size and the staff kept them very clean. Its a great Hotel to come back to every evening after a long day on your feet. The only gripe we have is we asked to keep the room a bit longer as our flight was not till 8.30pm That was not a problem for them but we got charged an extra $85.00 just to keep it till 3pm. You generally have to be out by 12pm. For three hours extra we felt it was a bit much, considering we had been there for 10 days. Apart from that it was a great stay and we would not hesitate in staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere is excellent Thanks to the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor we booked the Belvedere for our 4 night break. As a first time visitor to New York I have to say the hotel was in a perfect location.The room we had on the 14th floor was ideal for my husband, myself and our two teenaged sons. Although the two double beds were a little small, after a hectic day sightseeing we had no problems sleeping! The microwave and fridge came in very useful as did the hairdryer, iron and ironing board and safe. The room was warm and clean, there was plenty of hot water and a maid service with clean towels each day.From our room we even had a view of the ball drop in Times Square on New Years Eve.The Olmpic Diner just around the corner was good for breakfast however I would strongly recommend the hotel breakfast it really sets you up for the day.The lifts were not really a problem so don't let this put you off.We will certainly be visiting New York again and I would always book the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dmurphy_7
<Content>Wow - absolutely amazing. A beautiful place Stayed at the Belvedere from 16th to 26th Nov 2005 with my girlfriend and all I can say is what a beautiful place. Right in the middle of everything. Very courteous staff, always helpful.Had a room with a brilliant view on 12th floor. Walking distance to practically everywhere in midtown - Time's Square, 5th, 6th, 7th avenues for the shopping, even Macy's on 34th Street. Could take the subway - but that'd be lazy, maybe on the way back with the shopping bags!!Rooms cleaned daily and the comfort was brill. Very handy soda machine on 2nd floor (in the roon with the fitness equipment). NYC is a bit noisy at night, but it is NYC afterall - our 12th floor room helped a bit!Lovely pub around the corner (The Social) for food, drink and Thanksgiving dinnier.. If only I could've seen the Giants play - but hey, you can't have it all..Could not have asked for better, made the trip much more enjoyable with the beautiful accomodation. Will be back to the Big Apple and WILL be staying in the Belvedere. You just cannot avoid staying here for the location and value. Take the Grey Line too - well worth it.I'd also recommend a restaurant called Tavern on the Green in Central Park - again, walking distance (if bright).NYC is just like what you'd see on tv, only better in real life!Just could not fault this hotel / location  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pippanda
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed here for 5 nights in late November. Having never been to New York before we didn't know what to expect but the hotel was nice, very clean and the rooms very large. We arrived 1 hour before check in and the bell hop took our bags for us and the check in desk told us to come back in 45 minutes. We duly did that and were checked in straight away. We stayed on a room only basis but paid for breakfast one morning. I had the cheaper breakfast which didn't include bacon, eggs etc, which was ok but at $10 it was a very expensive bowl of Porridge (Oatmeal) (I have food intolerances and couldn't eat anything else!) - Hubbie had the more expensive breakfast at $15 and stuffed himself silly! We only ate here on the first morning as we didn't want to wander round for ages looking for somewhere to eat, which wasn't a problem as we found a great diner around the corner run and owned by a real miserable looking Greek family but the food was good! The concierge desk were very helpful and recommended and booked us into restaurants and gave us great directions and maps. Also helped us book a taxi back to JFK for our return flight. We were warned by other Tripadvisor members not to take a room next to the lifts. Our room was next to the lifts and we decided to give it one night and see if there was lots of noise but we never heard any noise from them at all.A group who were staying in the room next door to us were extremely noisy one night which we put up with for a little while but they were still shouting and screaming at 430-500am. I telephoned the night porter and complained and we never heard another noise from them.All in a great hotel in a good location near to Times Square and Restaurant Row if your a first timer to NY.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and very friendly Our stay was from the 17th to 22nd Dec. My husband and i also took along our two teenagers. We all feel that the hotel made our stay a very comfortable and enjoyable trip. Nothing too much trouble. The hotel was extremely clean and the staff were so helpful, especially when it came to getting us transport to the airport whilst the strike was on. It was a great location, everywhere we wanted to go was in easy reach. We would certainly stay again when we visit NY.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great NY Hotel The Belvedere is a great find. We've been to NY many times for both business and pleasure and have always stayed in bigger name establishments with higher price tags. The Belvedere more than holds its own against any of them. The rooms are extremely clean, comfortable and attractively decorated. The bathrooms are a bit small, but not a significant problem in our estimation. Cleanliness and plenty of hot water are our benchmarks on that level and they pass with flying colors on both. The hotel's location is extremely convenient, particularly if a Broadway show is part of your itinerary. It is close to Times Square and some really terrific dining. The staff is pleasant and efficient and we are looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oldmatebri
<Content>Great hotel Went from 23 Dec to 1 Jan. Location is absolutely superb. No complaints at all. Go to the Belvedere if you want a really great base at a decent rate.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MissCrankyPants
<Content>A great place to stay. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful for the duration of our stay. They are able to cash $100 worth of travellers cheques per room per day. The concierge staff were amazing. They helped with subway directions, got us Broadway tickets and were always a pleasure to deal with.We had heard that hotel rooms are very small in NYC but found our room very clean and comfortable. We never once heard noise from other rooms during the five nights we were there and always felt very safe and secure.This hotel is very central! We were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go. There is a subway station very close by and door staff are readily available to get you a cab.My only (incredibly minor) complaint about this hotel is about the shampoo supplied in the bathroom. It wasn't the best and I'd suggest you bring your own.Would I stay at The Belvedere again? Definitely.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!         
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BearTripper
<Content>10th Time Not the Charm We stayed at the Belvedere for our 10th visit (and, concincidentally, our 10th anniversary visit) from 12/27/05 to 12/29/05. This visit signals our last visit to the Belvedere. Yes, it is in a great location and yes, it is value-priced for the area in mid-town Manhattan. However, a continuing decline in the level of service and a continuing decline of the upkeep can no longer be ignored. The system was down during our entire visit (except to check out and take our money), and as a result, the following problems occurred: our room, which had a chorus of water in the pipes that chimed every half-hour, along with a bath that went from too hot to too scalding added with somewhat tattered bed linens and a hair dryer that worked if you jiggled the button, all could not be taken care of. We could not get our room changed for 27(!) hours because the system was down. In addition, the front desk manager was consistently rude when we voiced our complaints to him, saying we could speak to the manager but that we were looking at him and nothing was going to be done while the 'system was down. While we have enjoyed staying at the Belvedere in the past, since this is the fourth incident in the last four tries at staying here, it is no longer possible to ignore the slowly decaying service and declining upkeep.Unfortunately, the 10th visit was not the charm, and we can no longer endorse to our friends, neighbors, or co-workers the Belvedere any longer.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and service. We stayed at this hotel due to reviews on this site and had a great time. It was really well placed for access to subway and bus routes. Right near Times Square and the theatre district. There is loads to do all within a 10 minute walk.The hotel itself was well furnished and the staff were all nice. The hotel could have done with a bar but there are loads of bars near by so it wasnt a big issue. We ate once at the hotel but generally decided to eat elsewhere.The elevators did take ages but never really became a problem as we decided to laugh at it.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>blecount
<Content>Never Again I have stayed at this hotel every time I've been in New York for the past 5 years. However, the last four times I've been there, I have encountered problems. After this year's problems I will be seeking out a new hotel in New York City. Let me start with four visits ago, when the registration desk scanned my credit card twice and thus charged me twice for my room. Of course, I did not know this happened until I received my credit card statement, at which time it was up to me to prove that I had not stayed there twice as long as I had. The next visit, my registration was lost. I had booked on a leading travel site and was told by the hotel that they do not recognize bookings from that site, nonetheless they found a room for me. On the next visit, one day before my arrival, I was called by the hotel and was informed that due to a computer error the hotel had been overbooked and that they had made arrangements for me to stay elsewhere. Even though I had booked the room directly with them upon leaving on my last stay some four months earlier. I was forced to contact the district manager of the hotel and the matter was resolved, but I was told that regardless of how far in advance I had booked, my reservation was not a priority since I was merely staying a weekend, and that priority was given to people staying the entire week, regardless when they booked. The experience this past week finally forced me to inform management that I would not be returning. We arrived in NYC at 1:00 pm, before the 4:00 pm check-in time. At which time we were told that their computer systems were not working and that they should be working by the 4:00 pm check-in time. We explored the city, and returned at 4:00 pm to a mob inside the lobby, and was informed that the computer system was still down and that they would have to book our rooms manually. We received our room, only to find that there was no cold water and that the showers were dangerously scalding hot, and that the courtesy hair dryer was non-functional. But that night there was no sleep to be had. It seemed the heating pipes had moisture in them and as a result were banging around as if someone was hammering them all night long. We called the front desk and asked for another, more quiet room. We were informed that the banging was a typical problem in old NYC buildings, but that they could not move us to a more quiet room because the system was still down, and that the morning crew at 9AM would find us another room. I asked if engineering could do something, but was told that there was no engineering night-shift. At 9AM, after an entire night of no sleep, we asked for another room, and were again told that we could not receive another room because the system was still down. We returned at 1PM and were told the same thing, and returned again at 4PM and were told the same thing, quite rudely from the manager who acted as if their incompetence was my fault. We were finally moved to another room at approximately 5PM. Apparently, the fact that the computer systems were down had brought this entire hotel to a stand-still. It was clear that they had no contingency plan for such a problem. Moreover, it was unacceptable that in NYC, the greatest city in the world, where certainly there are network engineers in nearly every building, it took 48 hours to get their computer systems operational. Amazingly, the system worked fine when it came time to bill me upon check-out. This was one of the best hotels in NYC, but in recent years it has steadily gone down hill, needless to say I will not be returning.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>slimmom3
<Content>Very nice Very nice hotel. Great location. Kid friendly. Little grocery store on the corner for cereal and milk for kiddies, beer for mom and dad! Clean, nice size room. Small, slow elevators but with all the other good things, it's managable. Will come back.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AliBOLTON
<Content>A Must Stayed at the hotel 16th through to the 21st December, it was everything you needed in a hotel, the staff were helpful at all times, the american style buffet breakfast was good and although it cost nearly $16 was worth it as you would not need a lunch after what was on offer! rooms were clean and the view was great, bit noisey, but that was great afterall it is new york and loved hearing the traffic, wasnt all the time! Its just two blocks up the side of 'hersheys' choc store, I reccomend 'roxys' on times square for cheesecake not cheap, but could do you two days ,for some of us anyway! 'Virgils bbqgrill down the side of toys r us is worth a visit, good food. It was my family and i second visit to the big apple we love it, would stay at the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lovetolearn
<Content>Good value We stayed at the Belvedere Dec. 17th-21st. This was our third time to NYC, but our first at the Belvedere. I'll start by saying this was our 2nd Christmas time visit in a row. Last year we stayed at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers. It's nice, the bed is great, but that's about it. I started pricing hotels in July and reading reviews. Time after time the Belvedere's reviews have been good to great and we weren't disappointed. It's an excellent value for the room size. The bathroom is extremely small, but very well kept (no mildew on the tiles, clean floor, etc...), the bed was way to firm for our liking (like sleeping on the floor), but the room size is great, very clean, enough drawer and closet space. One small thing to mention about housekeeping. If you want your beds made and towels replenished, you have to stick the little privacy hanger turned over to please clean room side on the outside of the door. And yes, our room was kept very clean, but one day when we came back, and sitting on the night stand was a fruit roll up wrapper. It wasn't ours. I guess housekeeping had a snack and didn't clean up after herself. As mentioned in other reviews the little frig. and sink area is nice also. This is an older hotel set back from Times Square. It is very close to everything, but you don't get as much of the noise factor. We have also stayed at the Crowne Plaza on Times Square and unless it's below $100 would never stay there again. Noise at every hour and not a very good hotel. The front desk at the Belvedere was very helpful. We arrived very early the first morning and the room wasn't ready, but they locked our luggage up and off we went to have fun. We did eat at the Olympic Cafe around the corner every morning for breakfast. Pricing is just right and the food was descent. Some tips for first time visitors: Buy a how to do New York book New York for Dummies is a good one, but there are several to choose from. Don't be afraid to take the subway. The first time we were there the front desk at the Crowne Plaza tried to talk us out of it and instead take the big red double decker tour bus. We figured she was on commission since the prices were sky high. Took our chances and rode the subway and were so happy we did. It's a very inexpensive means of transportation, safe, some cars cleaner than others, and it's part of enjoying the way the city gets around. Wear comfortable shoes and explore, you'll find so many cool shops. Avoid China Town on the weekends. Jam packed!!! Mondays and Tuesdays are great. As far as restuarants, there are so many to choose from. That's where the how to books come in handy and read the forums posted on this site. One of our favorites is Hell's Kitchen off 9th and 46th or 47th. Very close to the Belvedere. It's a smaller restaurant, excellent service, great food, great drinks, and nice atmosphere. It is a little expensive, but SOOOOO worth it. Call ahead for reservations. Overall we would stay at the Belvedere again unless I could find a better deal somewhere else at a hotel I'm familiar with.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location location location What value for money, absolutley wonderfully run hotel. Its good how they offer 5 star treatment at this hotel for a 3 star rating. Rooms are fair sized and tidy and the atmosphere generated by everyone was great.More importantly the location is fantastic 10 mins to times square bus station 15 mins, if your looking for central base this is it  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FNM6669
<Content>Loved the Belvedere Just got back from NY. Belvedere was wonderful, the room was much larger than we expected. The hotel was clean and very nice for a 3 star. The bellmen and front desk were very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>toela
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Belevedere Hotel Nov 9, 10, 11,12,2005. We had an early morning flight so we arrived at the hotel at 10:30 am. and were very pleased that both our rooms were ready, and we could check in that early. We booked through valuhotels.com and there were no problems checking in, with our prepaid reservations. The lobby is very nice and the staff were so friendly. The rooms are very large and clean, and have a great kitchenette, with fridge coffee maker etc. This was really nice to allow us to have a quick muffin and coffee before heading out into the city. The location is perfect, within walking distance to everything. We had two rooms, one on each side of the hotel. Our room was at the rear, so it was alittle quieter, You could hear the traffic noise alittle more in the room at the front of the hotel, but the view was worth it. We were on the 12th floor. As mentioned in other reviews, the elevators can be a bit slow, and because its an older hotel,the elevators are quite small. But this is a small inconvience and only happens a few times at peak hours, and certainly would not prevent me from happily coming back to stay here again.We flew into New Wark, and got a mini van cab that cost us $60.00 including tolls and tip, with 5 people.When we were planning our trip back to the airport, we asked at the hotel if we could book another mini van cab, the hotel quoted us $130.00. We went outside and flagged down the first mini van cab we saw, and asked him to come pick us up at the hotel in 3 hours to take us to the airport, we agreed on $80.00 including tolls and tip. He was waiting in front of the hotel, 15 min. early, to take us to the airport, and he was a really nice guy to boot. So grab the cab - yourself! New York is an awesome city, two of the highlights from our trip was the xmas spectacular rockettes show, and we took a subway to Brooklyn, and walk the Brooklyn Bridge back. Go to New York and stay at the Belevedere Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere is a Great Value! I stayed with my friend at the Belvedere for one night in December of 2005. This hotel cannot be any better. We checked into the hotel early (before the check-in time) and they held our bags for us until we got back. The only not so good part about our stay was that twice we came back and our room was not ready. Finally, we returned later and found out our room was ready. It was clean, the view was okay, and still there were a lot of lights (I stayed here before in January 2005). The staff was very friendly and were helpful with questions about the hotel. Overall my experience with the Belvedere was amazing and I would definatley stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel belvedere I picked this hotel because of all the good reviews it received but was very disappointed. For the money and the rating I did not expect the Ritz but did expect a little more than what my family got. Our room looked nothing like the photo on the website and it smelt like STALE smoke. When I called the front desk about moving to another room her reply was that it was a nonsmoking room with two double beds and that is what I asked for and that is what I got and did not have grounds to change. If you are a nonsmoker you can tell when a room has been used as a smoking room and I would have been okay if she would have at least looked into finding us a new room. We will not stay at this hotel again but pay the extra money for an upgrade.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel I stayed at the Belvedere with my Cousin between the 8th and 12th dec 2005. The hotel was very clean and in a fantastic location for many places as its 5 mins walk to time square, 5 mins from Rockefeller Center and very close to the shops on 5th avenue.The Hotel is located on west 48th street and is half a block from 8th avenue. The Concierge were very efficient; when we arrived they took our baggage to our room whilst we were finishing off checking in. Also on the day we checked out as our flight wasn't until 10:50pm we left our luggage at the hotel- they also got us a taxi to take us to the airport as well. The reception desk were very helpful and answered any questions we had.The room we stayed in was on the 10th floor and had a fantastic view from both the windows that were in our room. The room also was very clean, nice bathroom with a very nice shower. The hotel also has a kitchen that has a coffee maker, a fridge and a microwave. The only thing I thought wasn't so good was the elevators as they could only hold about 7 or 8 people and then it was full and there were times when you would have to go up in the elevators just to come down or either use the stairs. The elevators were quite slow as well. Overall though I would recommend the hotel for people to stay in and I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kingtom
<Content>The Belvedere is Excellent! My wife and I have just got back from a fantastic 5 night stay at the Belvedere. As long as this hotel exists there is no need to stay anywhere else in NYC - especially at the great price we got for our room.Located on 48th Street just off 8th Avenue, the Belvedere is only a 5 minute walk from Times Square, 5 mins from the Rockerfeller Centre and just 2 mins away from NYC's subway system...ideal for all your tourist needs!The hotel's staff are genuinely friendly and happy to help. We had a minor hiccup with checking in, but the staff ran round in circles to ensure we weren't at all inconvenienced.Our room was on the 16th floor, which afforded fantastic views of the city (both by day and night) and was nicely away from the traffic noise. The fantastically comfortable kingsize bed could have easily slept a footbal team. The room had a kitchenette complete with fridge, microwave and filter coffee machine - which was a bonus when you've had a hard day shopping! Finally, the bathroom was clean and reasonably sized.So what more do you want? Stay at the Belvedere as soon as you can!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fiona73
<Content>Excellent value for your money Well my husband and i have just returned from our first trip to NYC. It was brilliant. The Belvedere was an extremely good location, had no problem with lift in hotel, did not sample food so cannot comment on it. The concierge were great, took our bags from room kept them stored until we were leaving and had a taxi ready to take us to airport. I found them very efficient and helpful with any enquiry we made.We are still wrecked from all the walking, stayed 5 nights from nov 28 to dec 3, seen a show, went iceskating at central park, went to ground zero,the empire state building, i think you would need to be there for about a month to get around everywhere, we were there for tree lighting ceremony, it is just fantastic, everywhere is lit up beautiful for christmas, it really is a nice time of the year to go, our first three days was really great weather, but then it got so cold, thank god for my heavy coat. Well i would go back to Belvedere without a doubt, its location is excellent for any broadway shows or for times square etc.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Price Trip Advisor steered me right again. Based upon reviews here, I decided to spend 3 nights at this terrific hotel. What a location! Half a block from 8th Ave, right in the heart of the theater district and a few blocks from Times Square. The bed was very comfortable, the room sizable for the price range. Bathroom was well appointed and clean. I had an end room on the 4th floor, but surprisingly the noise wasn't an issue, either from the street or from the service elevator. I didn't use guest services or visit the lounge/resturaunt, so I can't comment on that. I'll gladly stay at the Belvedere again!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>uncletupelo
<Content>Perfect Stay I cannot praise The Belevedere enough. The room, the service, the cafe were all superb.3 adults sharing a double/double room.Location is central to everything in Manhattan. No problems with the lifts (had read other reviews voicing concerns) Don't hesitate to stay here...we won't!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bwco
<Content>Great Service, Value, Location, Great Hotel My fiance and I stayed there one night over the weekend. We have nothing but praise for the hotel. The employees go out of their way to help their guests. We got in at about 11 am and asked if we could have them store our bags until the 4 pm check in time. Instead, they let us check in early. We put our bags in our room (14th floor) and we went spent the rest of the day Christmas shopping and playing tourist. The concierge was very helpful when it came time to recommeding restaraunts.The hotel's location is great. As my fiance put it, we could have paid at least $200 more in a hotel right on Times Square, or stayed here and put that money towards a show; which we did. The hotel is only about a 5 minute walk from Times Square. There is also a subway station about two blocks away from the hotel. During the Christmas season, it is easier to get around Manhattan by subway than it is by taxi. The room was clean and modern. It had a refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker and two tvs. The closets could have been a little bigger and we could see where someone might have a problem storing clothes if they were staying there for an extended period of time.The elevators were a little slow, as some of the other reviews have mentioned. One trick is to go to the east or west end of the main corridor and use those elevators.For breakfast we walked around the corner and grabbed some bagels from the local deli. There are a lot of restaraunts in the blocks around the hotel,(including the omnipresent Starbucks) One thing that we did hear were sirens from fire trucks, ambluances, police cars, etc. The hotel is situated between two major north south streets in New York. What makes the location convienent for the guests also makes it covienient for the Emergency Services to travel from one part of the city to another, especially with a fire station nearby. However we did not hear any sirens after midnight.Would we stay here again, definitely. As we were leaving, one of the bellmen wished us a Merry Christmas and said that he hoped that he would see us next year. We told him we could not wait to come back.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We just returned from a 4-night stay at the Belvedere Hotel on our first trip to NYC and we were all very pleased with our hotel selection.Three adults shared a two-bed room. The room was clean; spacious (we had a LOT of luggage); had a fridge and microwave and second sink; the bathroom was spacious. The staff was helpful and kind; the location is great (walkable to Time Square, theatre district, Rockefeller Square, metro stops). Wireless internet connection is available in the rooms (for a fee).One member of our group had been to NYC before and was very impressed with the hotel based on her earlier experiences (it was my first time).Only negative comment was we arranged a shuttle to JFK through the hotel; then later discovered a taxi would have been $30-ish less expensive. We did not eat at the restaurants affiliated with the hotel, so cannot comment on that.We were happy!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sootyScotland
<Content>Really liked the Belvedere Hotel My mother and I stayed 4 nights at the Belvedere and thought it was very nice and under rated. I would of rated it a 3 - 4 star. The staff were very nice and helpfull. The girl at the concierge we found exceedingly helpfull with information about shows trips, maps, directions etc. The hotel is situated right in the centre of everything, walking distance to Broadway, plenty of shops, underground, the Greyline hop on and off bus is right around the corner, which we found a great way of getting around the city with plenty of information on the way. The hotel I would recommend to anyone the bedrooms are quite spacious with airconditioning, lovely marble bathrooms, fridge and coffee making facilities, (if you like your tea take some tea bags)it is clean and comfortable. Breakfast has a good range of food, the only thing we would of liked is a lounge that you could of relaxed with a glass of wine before retiring to bed, but after saying that there is bars close at hand for a tipple before returning to the hotel. Very nice would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it all!!! Just Came back for a week in the Belvedere, 17th-24th of november.Loved it, very friendly staff, after changing rooms on the first night to a bigger room we were really happy. We had a room for three, and it was quite big, lovely decor, nice bathroom, wouldnt figure out the shower though! and the kitchenette was a nice thing to have, theres only a little micro, and a fridge, but it came in very handy.The Location was great, only 5 minites walk to times square, and theres a lovely coffee shop in 49th street, on the corner only about 5 minites walk from the hotel, the coffee pot which we all loved, and went to last time we were in new york. Theres lovely staff there, and the coffee is lovely, and you can get breakfast for 3 for about $15, which is quite good because the hotel is a bit pricy. Saying that the cafe were you have breakfast in the hotel is very nice, you got the pic whatever you like, and a full breakfast is only about $20 each, my idea is to fill up in there one day and then your set till your dinner. The staff are lovely, and we all loved the brazilian restauntant in the hotel, again a bit dear but well worth it, you get a lovely selection at the salad bar, and as much meat as you can eat! it was our best meal all week.I though this hotel was great, good location and value for money, and an excellent base for a new york break.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice! Stayed there with my girlfriend for 4 nights end of October. Was our first trip to the US ever. The Hotel was really great, good room, friendly staff, had no problems at all. Could store our luggage there because we left late the last day. Location is also great, right in the middle of Manhattan. Would choose this hotel again!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadaTravellerl
<Content>A Great Choice My mother, my daughter and myself, ages 66, 28 and 45 stayed at the Belvedere Nov.18-22. I am pleased with myself that I chose this hotel. I did hours of research on the different hotels and different areas in New York city.This hotel should be rated at more than a 2 star. Clean, spacious rooms. Air conditioning,(which is also handy to leave the fan run to block out traffic noise)in room safe (at no extra charge), etc. etc. The staff was soooo courtious and extremely friendly , and helpful with directions (and they say new yorkers aren't friendly) The location was absolutely perfect. We walked almost everywhere we wanted to go. And also felt very safe.We booked 8 months in advance and got an excellent rate.My next trip I will once again be booking the Belvedere.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jadeyc
<Content>Value for Money I recently stayed here for 4 nights. The rooms were spacious, clean, and air conditioned with facilities such as an iron and ironing board, fridge, microwave and coffee maker - no kettle though to make tea!The only problem we had was the room we had booked was not available on our 1st night, so we had to check out the next day at 12 noon, with our correct room not being available until 4pm. This was a little inconvenient and the staff werent particulaly helpful about this. However, at all other times we found the staff to be pleasant, polite and helpful.The hotel is just off Broadway and about a 5 minute walk from Times Square. 9th Avenue is a 2 minute walk away and here you can find some good resteraunts that are reasonably priced. I would definatley recommend Pygalls for breakfast!As for the elevators, the 2 main reception ones were always busy. However at the end of each corridor is another elevator, we found these were always free and it was an extra 10 second walk from the main elevators!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ferdinand
<Content>Cant go Wrong We stayed here at the end of a 2 month trip around the states. What a farewell. Really friendly downstairs staff, doormen and reception. Lovely room, big and clean. Walls a bit thin so you can hear a bit in other rooms but if people are too loud you can always complain to reception i guess. Lovely new fitness room open as well. Great location and safe. Top value. We were a bit miffed with the advice the concierge gave us re getting to Newark airport. They take a cut so book your own and pay cash in the van with your discount voucher. Also she put us off using the train to the airport by telling us it took an hour. That was silly and we were a bit annoyed about that. But concierge apart, a brilliant hotel and one you will love in New York.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Belvedere - will be my first choice anytime I have stayed at the Belvedere several times....... well that says it all really. I'm very fussy about anywhere that I have to stay.I found myself in a predicament and the staff were really helpful.I'm not sure of the actual rating of the hotel as it differs depending on what site you look for it on, however I feel it is way above the ratings that I have seen it for ie 2 and 3 star.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay close to the action, but not actually be in it. It is very central and is easy access to any part of New York. I also like the fact that it is close to the Port Authority Bus terminal where you can catch the bus to New Jersey for even more bargains if you are a shopoholic like myself. I have nothing but praise for this hotel...... so go ahead, book it and try to prove me wrong.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristine61
<Content>Would definitly recommend! My mom and I recently spent 7 nights at the Belvedere and would definitly recommend it. The room was a good size with 2 double beds and included microwave, small fridge and coffee maker. We stocked up on fruit, yogurt and water at the corner store and enjoyed breakfast before we started out most mornings. The Belvedere is within a very short walk to theatres, Time Square and 2 Subway lines. The staff was friendly and helpful. The concierge was extremely helpful with subway directions etc. It is hard to get an elevator in the morning as everyone seems to go out at once. We had asked for a lower room and received one on the 5th floor so it was an easy walk down to the lobby in the morning. We bought a 7 day Subway ticket and it was the best and fastest way to get around - just get to know your uptown from your downtown. Hilights for us were the Abysinnian Church in Harlem for Sunday service (get there early to line up and dress warmly), Brooklyn Bridge, Carnegie Hall tour, Grand Central Terminal, Central Park, Metropolitan Museum and the archetecture in Soho. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be 4 stars!       view from our room  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value My husband, teenage daugher and I stayed four nights at the Belvedere in early October. We mainly chose it for the value and location. Finding a hotel room with a microwave and refrig was great. There was a small grocery store nearby so we stocked up on bottled water, fruit and breakfast-friendly snacks. Location was pretty good -- I was not at all concerned for my daughter and I to go out walking alone. Subway entrances were close enough; Time Square and the Theaters were within walking distance. Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller Center and plenty of shooping were within walking distance. We only took a taxi once our entire trip. I also recommend Becco's -- an Italian restaurant on Warehouse Row (also walking distance). There are no prices listed for wine bottles, they are all $20/bottle. My husband had steak, my daughter had seafood and I had the pasta. They were all excellent.It is an older hotel but the staff were nice and it was clean, although the rooms were small. (Elevators were slow!) I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dlab719
<Content>Excellent Experience for 2 New Orleanians My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere Oct. 24 to Oct. 29. We can't say enough good things about it. Our experience was fantastic. We flew in from New Orleans and our flight was delayed. We were staying one night in a hotel by JFK and then going to travel to the Belvedere since the hurricane caused us to reconstuct our travel itinerary. Well, we ended up arriving in NY at 4am. We cancelled our one night stay near the airport and went directly to the Belvedere. Got there around 6am... tired and delirious. The front desk helped us out so much, getting us in our room much earlier than the 4pm check-in, realizing that we would need some rest! Our room was more spacious than I had imagined for a NY hotel. The bathroom was not as small as I imagined either. It wasn't the most spacious, but it was just fine for our intended use. There could be a little more space to set your toiletries, but not a big deal at all. We found all of the staff to be most helpful. Really nice bellman helped us when we arrived and held our bags. The elevators were not as bad as I anticipated after reading some of the reviews. We never waited more than a minute or so. The location is perfect. Very close to Restaurant Row and Times Square. We felt extremely safe there. This was our first trip to NY and we had an excellent time. We will have great memories of our trip and the hotel played a big part in that. Oh... and our airline gave us both free round trip tickets for the inconvenience on the flight in, so we're going back! We are definitely staying at the Belvedere!! I will recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hello from Denmark. We where 2 adults and 1 child (age 11) in NYC from oct. 15 to oct. 23 and stayed at the Belvedere for a week.We have stayed at many hotels in Europe, that is in Paris, London and summervacations in the southern Europe, and we can tell any who want to stay at the Belvedere : DONT HESITATE.I麓m sure that The Belvedere can match most of the hotels in Europe.We came saturday night and because of jetlag we where VERY early ready to start breakfast sunday morning, and even that our intensions was to eat breakfast at different coffee-shop we had all our breakfast at the hotel.I will not hesitate to give the hotel 5 stars.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed in the Belvdere from 22nd October to 28th October inclusive. Like most people I booked it based on the reviews on trip advisor. It was fantastic. The rooms are lovely and very comfortable (personally I liked the firm bed!). Yes the bathroom is smallish but what do you want to do in it!!. The coffee maker and microwave were a real bonus. It is lovely to be able to have a nice cup of coffee either in the morning or when you come back in the evening. We were always left two or three sachets of coffee. Despite intending to make use of microwave due to the enormous variety of eateries in the locality we didn't!! The staff are efficient and helpful. I changed a travellers cheque every morning no problem (I think we were there at a very good time of the year. The hotel was busy but not overly so). We had no problem with the lifts but as we were only on the eight floor we used the stairs when going out and the lift when we came in. The hairdryer wasn't working and within five minutes of a phonecall to reception a new one was delivered. The location of this hotel is superb with Times Square only a couple of blocks away and theatres and restaurants within walking distance. We went to see The Phantom of the Opera which was marvellous. We got the tickets at the ticket booth in Times Square for 50 dollars each. It's worth going to for the special effects alone. Use the subway. It's the only way to get around. It is 2 dollars for any journey and there are different tickets you can get for a certain amount of days. We got a weekly ticket that costs twenty one dollars (per person) and used it all the time. If you are going to be there on a Sunday try and fit in a trip to Harlem. There are many you can book and it is a great experience. We spent a full day in Central Park and it is really lovely to walk around it. It's an oasis in the middle of the city. A visit to the Metropolitan Museum is another good day out but it can be very busy and it's not easy to get a coffee or whatever in it so be sure to bring water with you. The area around Pier 17 is very nice with lovely shops and restaurants. It is also close to Battery Park where the ferries to Liberty and Ellis Island leave from. We spent another day there and it was a wonderful experience. Anyway, back to the hotel. I can highly recommend it and it is excellent value for money. You couldn't be any closer to Times Square, Broadway etc. Yes there can be noise at night from the fire station at the top of the road but who does'nt hear noise from fire engines and police cars at night if they live in any city? When in New York go with the flow. The pace of life is mad and everyone seems to be running around the place but you'll be on your holidays and don't have to run with them! Try and let people know that you are on holidays. There are so many different nationalities living in New York the people in shops, restaurants and bars do not know automatically that you're a tourist. We generally found most people very friendly - talk to them and they'll talk back to you. New York is full of people looking at maps and it's the same on the subway. We found that on a number of occasions strangers stopped and asked if they could help us and this also happened on the subway. Don't be nervous just go and enjoy!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eyequeue
<Content>Excellent stay We stayed for 3 nights with our 1 yr old baby. 5* for value for money. Very clean and quiet room with an amazing view from the 16th floor! Room was very clean and staff all very helpful. The kitchinette was very useful for the baby and there were several convenience stores close by for milk etc. Breakfast was good and the baby eats for free!Location location location with this hotel. We would definately stay again and have been telling our friends!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere - A great choice for NYC My husband and I were recently in NYC (1st time) and stayed 5 nights at the Belvedere Hotel. We do a fair bit of travelling and are accustomed to staying in nice hotels. The service at the Belvedere was great, location could not be better and we would definately stay again and recommend it to family/friends. We found the hotel room to be clean and spacious and the staff friendly and willing to answer any questions we had. The price of this hotel was more than fair for the Times Square area and to us, location is important. This hotel has both going for it.J  PWinnipeg, MB Canada  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Moving Out
<Content>Belvedere Hotel We stayed at the Belvedere for 5 days in Oct.'05. It was very clean and the staff was polite and helpful. The location is excellent. The rooms are average, however, the bathroom was small but very well decorated in all tile. We would stay at the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location !!!!!!!!!! Stayed at the Belvedere last week based on the reviews from this site. I was very pleased with the location, service and well, everything! I took my Dad who is handicapped and could not have asked for better service from the bellmen. It was raining one night and not only did the bellman get us a cab, but insisted on helping my dad into the cab so I did not get wet. We did not have a handicapped room, as my dad is able to stand for short periods of time, but the wheelchair (oversized) would not fit in the elavator, not a biggie for us, but may be a big deal for someone who is unable to get out of a wheelchair. No problems getting a elavator at all. There was a blond concergie that was not helpful, but everone else made up for her. Would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>IrishFrau
<Content>Great Value in Theater District The location, price and staff are great, but the best things about the hotel are the fridge and microwave. Between our doggie bags and the Salad/Hot Bar at Food Emporium (one block north on Eighth), we saved enough money on food that we were able to see one more show from the good seats. Tip: There are no plates, utensils, etc., provided, so if you need them, bring them.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frequentflyer22
<Content>Great stay If you want convenience, value,  above average accomodations, this is the place to stay. We stayed at the Belvedere from 10/12-10/17  were very satisfied. Boasts a friendly staff, good sized rooms for NYC,  quiet surroundings.The Belvedere is within easy walking distance of Times Square, Theater District, Restaurant Row,  Rockefeller Center. We have traveled extensively  can highly recommend the Belvedere. We will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thinkingaboutit
<Content>Everything we Expected Stayed at the Belvedere 16-21 October. Hotel was everything that we expected from the positive reviews on this site. From check-in, which was late at night, to checking out could not find fault with the Hotel. No problem with the elevators, we were on the 14th floor. Walked down sometimes for the exercise which loosend us up for the day ahead. Very Short walk to Times Sq and Subway. Plenty of locations for eats. Will stay here again on our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, poor hotel. The only reason stopping me from giving this hotel 1 star was that the service was excellent when we arrived, the guy took our suitcases and within 5 minutes we were checked in. The room however was very, very basic, it was a room for three people but there were only two cups, there were plates for food but no knives or forks, the room we stayed in was very dark and dull, even with all the lights on it was dull. We had to go to reception twice because the toilet overflowed. The bathroom was very small, the kitchen area would only fit one person at a time. The hotel is pretty close to Times Square but the view from the hotel room was terrible. Also, the taxi drivers had no idea where this hotel was and if you didn't have you room card handy to show them you were screwed.It is beyond me how anyone could give this hotel more than two stars.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable facility; great location Just returned from a 6-night stay at the Belvedere.The experience was totally satisfactory. Every staff member we encountered was friendly, courteous, and helpful. The room was clean, comfortable, quiet, well-equipped (hair dryer, cable TV, refigerator, microwave, safe, internet connection) and relatively large by New York standards. The bed was very comfortable. The elevators are a bit small, but we had no problems with them during our entire stay. The location on 48th street between 8th and 9th avenues is superb - relatively quiet neighborhood; easy walking distances to theaters, subway station, Times Square, and numerous restaurants. We have stayed in several NY hotels and would rate the Belvedere as the best overall value. We plan to return.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel date of return 21 october 2005Ireland Hotel was great, location perfect,staff were great .We had no problems with this hotel.The staff from reception to the cleaning staff could not do enough for us.Room were great. bathrooms a bit small but clean but you don't need a big bathroom.It is in walking distance to everything.Go and see a show well worth while.I would stay in this hotel again  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>c1067zx
<Content>Fantastic Never expected such a great hotel, for such a great price. the location is within walking distance to central park, and close to most of the main attractions. The staff on the desk are extremely helpful with advice on all you ask. The rooms are great, with a little kitchen area, but it's not required, the local deli's will deliver. You must try the brazilian restraunt behind the hotel  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kierajacksmom
<Content>Wonderful If you want to stay at a well priced hotel, in a lovely neighborhood near everything (Time Square, Theaters, Rockefeller Plaza, subways, etc)...stay at The Belvedere. Everyone was friendly, and the rooms were decent. They could use some updating, but they were clean. I loved the fridge (kept our Juniors cheesecake cold until the next day) and the microwave for quick snacks in between outings. The valet was extremely friendly, even walking us through a wall of people on a busy church Sunday to a cab waiting for us on the next block. We've already booked our room to return with our children next summer.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>splash's_pal
<Content>Belvedere is a real jewel The Belvedere is a real value. We stayed there this past January (2005) -- and got stranded in the Blizzard of 2005! In spite of the weather, we really enjoyed our stay. The rooms are very clean -- and reasonably spacious (considering it is mid-town Manhatten)! The hotel staff is friendly -- and they were very accomodating helping us deal with the snow storm -- including extending our stay for one additional night at the same rate. They were also helpful in recommending some of the good restaurants in the area and advising us on using the subway system. Be sure to use your AAA card -- it will help with the rate.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! I have been to NYC many times....stayed in expensive places (on business, of course) but have hunted down bargains while there for pleasure.Hands down, The Belvedere the best hotel in Midtown if you are looking for value, location, helpfullness of the staff (terrific!) and clean and spacious rooms.My favourite part? It is located on a very quiet residential part of 48th St, between 8th  9th...that helped a lot when you are rolling in during the wee eyes for a few hours of shut-eye...My one and only complaint? Only 2 elevators. There was a wee bit of a wait to leave in the mornings, especially if your room is on the top floor (fabulous!)This will be the ONLY place we stay when we are on NYC from now on :)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location great location. Very handy for times square and subway, but still quite quiet for downtown. good facilities, but beds very hard.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>susanderek
<Content>Just back Just back from 4th trip to NY. Stayed here with sister. Very impressed - have stayed in more expensive hotels, but this had by far the best view - ask for a high room. No probs with lifts despite 12th floor. Very clean, and fridge was a boon in unseasonably hot weather. Room very big by local standards. Bathroom typical of city, but who spends time there when there's the city to see?! No probs with hot water supply as two females soaking off the after effects of much walking and shopping can testify. Did not try in-house cafe, as favourite Celebrity deli just a few blocks down 8th Ave.Front desk staff v. pleasant, and offered to fix airport transfer (c$20), but we used the Airtrain to JFK instead. (Hotel 2 blocks from 50th St subway and E line to meet Airtrain at Jamaica Station - faster and far cheaper transportation comp. to any other method used in past.)Great central location, but in a tree lined side street it seemed relatively peaceful.Will be back - and most probably here...  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful I'm grateful for all the good reviews I read before I stayed here that helped me choose the Belvedere. I was pretty nervous about booking online without talking to anyone (they don't give their number til you actually book). We were not disappointed. Excellent location! Clean room, and friendly helpful staff. Great restaurants, bars and bakery very nearby.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cdz
<Content>Must agree with the rest Stayed here for one week and all in all agree with the othe reviews. Booked this hotel because of the comments i read, and it didn't really disappointStaff were very helpfulRooms were very big (for new york standards)...kitchen area handy but they provide you with no cutlery/plates etc so fridge only useful for bottled water... never able to use microwave once (but hey we were on holiday).People have complained about slowness of lifts but we used service lifts not main lifts so no complaints.Only one problem was breakfast.... it was available from belvedere cafe, but we thought it was a bit expensive.Location great for times square and all the theatres... we walked nearly everywhere!When i go back to new york i will consider staying her again for it's price is very reasonable.... If you are looking for a more expensive hotel cheak out the Marriott right on Broadway...its great!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Raymond01
<Content>Clean and well located hotel. My wife and I stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in August, 2005. We had not been to New York or the USA before.Given the room rate, we did not expect a great deal but were pleasantly surprised. The bedroom was immaculately clean as was the bathroom. Compared to later accommodation in Paris, it was palatial. The staff were generally very helpful.It was a bonus having a small kitchen with cooking facilities but somewhat inconsistent that there was no cutlery or crockery. We were pleased that it had a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom did not have adequate storage but we managed.We were close to Broadway and attended two stage shows. It was also well located in relation to accessing public transport and cafes and restaurants. There is a laundromat in the same block which was a big plus for us. We had great views of NYC and despite being on the front of the hotel, it was very quite. We felt very secure walking the streets late at night.We would stay at the Belvedere again and recommend it to friends or acquaintances who may visit New York.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere..service "just ok", location "10+" Arrived early, 10am, asked for early check-in, total indifference by staff, finally checked in almost by 4pm, a number of disgruntled people in the lobby waiting for rooms, overheard lots of complaining. When I left, I was allowed late checkout at 1pm (usually noon). I was less upset about their inability to check us in early as I was how unfriendly the staff were. And I found this consistent over the 5 days I was there. I've been to NYC numerous times, usually stay at Hotel Penn which was cheap, cheap, cheap, dirty, dirty, dirty, but very friendly and great service for such a huge hotel. I had a mouse in my room last visit so I decided to change hotels and try something new. Belvedere is very convenient to Broadway. I was able to walk to every play (and I saw 6) and never had to take a cab except when I went to the village. The breakfast was good. Three young women working the breakfast buffet stood talking to each other, unfriendly like we were intruding (10:45am and the buffet closed at 11:00am but still, there were only 2 other customers and we weren't able to check in....). The rooms were clean, nothing special, one chair in my room, no desk. It was very humid and hot while I was there, even in October. The window a/c worked very well. Toilet very small, hot water not consistent. My rates were not great. I would stay there again but none in my party of 4 had anything glowing to say about it except how conventient to the theaters. Oh, and cabs were very easy to grab here, more so that other hotels I've stayed at. TIP! for Broadway lovers, check out Jim Caruso's Cast Party at Birdland Monday Nights, I've been twice and it's the best. It's on 44th, just 4 blocks away.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Danny Boy 123
<Content>Belvedere hotel - a great stay Stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in September 2005. The hotel is in a great location only a 5 minute walk from Times Square, and from our 8th floor room we did not hear passing traffic. The hotel is additionally situated near the grey line bus tour stops for all 3 tours (downtown tour, uptown tour and the highly recommended night tour).Don't eat breakfast at the hotel, take a 1 minute walk to 8th Avenue where there is a good diner called the Olympic, since you will save well over 50%. The lifts are a little on the slow side, so we took to only getting the lift up, and walking down. The hotel concierge was extremely courteous and helpful. The air conditioning was great, if a little noisy. The kitchenette area had a coffee maker, fridge and microwave which did come in useful.Overall a great stay. If returning to NYC, I would stay in the Belvedere.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zelda_Aus
<Content>Great hotel, great location       Hotel room  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>feoffe
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!! I stayed at the Belvedere for 7 nights in late September. We arrived at the hotel before midday and the staff still checked us in and offered us a room although check-in is not until 3pm! The staff were more than helpful for the whole of the week that we were there. The bellboys were extremely friendly and nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff, it seemed. The rooms are fairly spacious and incredibly comfortable, and are equipped with everything you need for your stay. Maids clean the rooms daily, which is a real bonus. Most importantly, the location is wonderful - within walking distance to all of the main attractions, yet in a quiet enough area such that noise was not a problem! I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit New York! It really cannot be faulted!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly and Cozy Atmosphere I took my daughter, who is 19 years old, for the first time to NYC. I looked on the web for a nice place, nothing really fancy but wanted it to be nice. I saw the Belvedere and thought I would give it a try. We were so happy with the hotel and the location and the staff is really friendly and helpful. I liked how we had a refrigerator and coffee pot. I would like to stay there again next year. It is a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved New York and the Belvedere Hotel Belvedere West 48th Street New York Great Location and HotelMy husband myself and 19 year old son all stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights from the 13th September 2005. We chose this hotel because of the really favourable reviews always on trip advisor. Because there was 3 adults going on the trip we had to keep the cost reasonable and were not disappointed with the Belvedere. We arrived early at 1.45 lunchtime but had no problems checking in straight away. We were given a room on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel and our bags were brought up to our room within a couple of minutes. The room was plenty big enough for 3 adults, 2 queen sized beds, and my son is 6ft1in,tv etc.There is a really good little kitchenette with a micro,fridge sink and a coffee maker.They will leave you ground coffee sugar etc every day if you use the machine.You just need to buy milk from the deli(and coronas) for the fridge.The room was very clean and tidy and well kept. The hotel furnishings are in keeping with an older hotel, no mimilist here,but its great.The bathroom is very small but has a good shower,hairdrier and always plenty of clean towels.The wardrobe was not very big though,but plenty of drawers.The Belvedere is in a great location only a couple of minutes to Time Square, Theatres and restaurants.Just round the corner on 48th street is known as Restaurant Row with every sort of eating you can think of (Broadway Joes Steakhouse great)We had an amazing time in New York walked millions of miles will be returning as soon as I can and will be staying at the Belvedere again.ps the hotel breakfast is good for the first morning but then walk left out of the hotel to 7th avenue (only a couple of minutes) turn left on 7th avenue after about 50 yards on the left is the Olympic Diner.Had breakfast every morning there brilliant!!,New York PD have theirs has well. Have a great time!!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>regalaone
<Content>Good hotel, well located I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights early Sept. I was traveling with a friend, we were in NYC for a wedding. I searched a long time to find a hotel with good reviews that I could book at that time of year for under $200/night. I was lucky enough to find such a rate for this hotel on Hotels. I've been to NYC many times, but usually stay with friends. I was very pleased with this hotel. It's very well located near all the subways you'll need and just walk to 8th ave. to catch a cab uptown or 7th to go downtown. Many restaurants nearby and the concierge was EXTREMELY helpful in both recommending reasonable restaurants nearby as well as giving any kind of info. needed. The room, while somewhat small, was certainly roomy enough, and probably larger than many NYC or european hotels. The bathroom was big enough and the fact that a frig and microwave are there is also a big plus. Our room was on the street and yet noise really wasn't a problem. All in all you could do LOTS worse and pay much more $$$$. Highly recommended for location, knowledgeable staff, and cleaniness of rooms.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MARI916
<Content>Belvedere, just okay The hotel rate is a good value in New York City. However, at check-in the hotel clerk unexpectedly tried to charge us extra for our 2 small children because reservation was done through a third-party supplier like Expedia, even though prior confirmation was made for our family of 4. It took almost an hour to check-in and there was only one other person in front of us!Older hotel room had a mini-frig, microwave and sink. However, it would have been more useful if plates, cups, utensils or dish soap were provided. The bathroom was extremely tiny, only one person can fit at one time. The window A/C unit was rather noisy and bothersome during nighttime. The upside is having the convenience of being close to Times Square.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sue5409
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel       The Belvedere  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! Our first time to New York, and we were not sure where to stay. So I had looked at the trip advisor when looking at hotels. We picked the Belvedere Hotel. It turned out to be a great choice. The hotel was very clean, staff was very pleasant, the price was right and the location was prime. We were in walking distance to everything we needed to do. We will be sure to stay there again on our next trip.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ForzzaItalia
<Content>Good location, great rooms Stayed at The Belvedere for a couple of days this past week and I was very pleased with this hotel. The rooms are a decent size for New York because I have stayed at other hotels before and those rooms are a shoe box compared to this one. I had a fridge and sink with microwave and coffee maker which was good. The rooms are clean aswell. The location is great just a couple of blocks from Time Square and Rockafellar Centre. On the corner of 8th Ave. and 48th there is a store with a deli that will make you some sandwiches. All in all the rooms are clean and decent size, and the location is a plus. PS the elevators are slow.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor customer service..... I was planning to write this as soon as I got back from my trip in April..... but guess I ended up blocking this bad experience from my memory! Now I am once again searching for a hotel in New York it is all coming back to me! This time I will not stay at the Belvedere. The front desk staff was rude upon check in and throughout my stay. They obviously could have cared less about getting my business so I won't give it to them again! When I went into my room I discovered that it was a double even though I had very clearly booked a room with one bed. I was looking forward to having the extra space and perhaps a desk and chair (I rarely travel alone and wnated to relish the experience...!). When I went down to tell them I really didn't need, or want, two beds the manager told me there were no rooms with one bed available (even though I had just booked such a room a half hour before by phone). He sighed as if this was all a very big deal to him and finally said okay, there is another room you can have. When I went up to check it out, it was right next to the elevator. I definitely got the feeling he was punishing me for being a pest by giving me this room! I decided to stay in my original room with two beds because it was at least in a quiet spot. When I told him this it all prompted more eye rolling and sighs on his part. I am really not a difficult person! When hotel staff makes you feel this way there is a definite customer service issue here....I even asked this manager how he could be so rude to people - and said how do you know I am not a hotel reviewer? (!!)... I have never been treated this way at a hotel - or any place, for that matter! So - then later that night I came back to the room hoping to watch David Letterman. I discovered the cable wasn't working and I couldn't get that channel! Called housekeeping and eventually someone came up, tried to fix it unscussessfuly and told me I should just watch the channel that worked! When I told them I really kind of wanted to watch other channels (imagine!) the guy reluctantly agreed to deliver another t.v. (but was clearly annoyed with me) An hour later I finally got another one. Well, this one didn't work either (as it was clearly a cable problem) By now it was 1:00 in the morning and I gave up. But I have to admit the room was big, somewhat clean (there were some Cheerios on the floor from the previous guests - hmm......) and quiet. Unfortunately I will not return as the surliness of the staff (both front desk and housekeeping) is quite hard to stomache. It really put a damper on my NY stay.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Desbub
<Content>Not disappointed This was our second stay at the Belvedere and it was as enjoyable as the first. If we return to New York we would definitely stay there again. The location is great both for the proximity to some of the tourist attractions (you can pick up a sightseeing bus within a couple of minutes walk) and for the variety of restaurants within walking distance.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic and highly recommended A friend and myself stayed at the Belvedere for 6 nights in September 2005. It was a fantastic hotel, we had a great room, perfect size with the luxury of a double bed each. Big TV and lots of storage space for all the shopping! The room was cleaned every day, we didnt even have to request it, it was done automatically which was great to come back to.All the staff were extremely helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them. The concierge was brilliant, she helped us booked a harbour cruise, answered all the questions we had and also assisted us with the booking of the shuttle to the airport which was only $23, a real bargain. The bell men was also very helpful and they stored our luggage free of charge once we had checked out as we had a night time flight and wanted to make the most of our last day. The hotel is in an excellent location. 5 minute walk to Times Square and the Subway station. Also, there is an excellent Mexican restaurant next door, called Sombrero where they make the best margheritas! Also on 9th Avenue, 2 minutes walk, there is a great bakery and the Galaxy Diner is great for the all American breakfast, including pancakes, at a great price. The hotel is in a great place to reach everything in Manhatten, highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1718
<Content>Wonderful Experience We have been to New York City before and have stayed at various places. This hotel is a great bargin and a wonderful place to stay. Rooms lare good size for New York City and everything was clean and neat. Each day the room was cleaned and put ready for another day perfectly. They have a great breakfast and had a package deal that included the meal each morning with price of the room. Check into this package deal ... One hint stay on a lower floor to save time because the elevators are slow . We were on floor three and walked up and down without any problems when we didn't want to wait. Everything else was excellent. We are always going to stay here in the future.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel for New-York Me, my wife, and our two kids (4 and 7 YO) stayed at The Belvedere the first week of August 2005Overall, the Hotel is OK. New-York hotels are quite expansive and this hotel is a good value. It is well located, especially if you are on a Broadway theater trip.The rooms are not very large but they are clean and relatively quiet. Air Conditioning was working properly (A big 40 Celsius almost all of the week). The beds were comfortable and they have a fridge, coffee makers, etc... Very usefull.We didn't go to the hotel restaurants and preferred to go at different places. We discovered restaurants named Rice. They have very good Asian food with very friendly service.Shopping was great, especially at Century 21 in Lower Manhattan.Have a good trip!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location Clean and good location. Elevators are always full.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tooexcitedforwords
<Content>Definitely worth the stay We stayed at the Belvedere for 8 nights. There were three adults in our hotel room with two double beds, it was great, more than enough room, the staff were very helpful and courtious. The elevators were slow but what can you expect! we had the patience, can't be rushing on your holidays! Try the service elevators, they are a little faster.We really made use of the handy coffee maker, fridge and extra sink, great addition for the cost of the room!! The location is the best! walking distance to Time Square and Central Park! Lots of restraunts within blocks of the hotel! Always will find a taxi outside the hotel doors too! We felt very safe staying at this hotel. We definitely recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed I was very disappointed in the Belvedere. In the rooms you could not use the blow dryer and the window unit air at the same time it would kick the breaker. Also I left a pair of glasses laying on the desk in the room called the very next day and they were not there no one had found them. I know where I left them. It was very dissapointing and I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Quality_7
<Content>If only they did what they said.... All of the reviews of this hotel here on TripAdvisor were fairly accurate. Unfortunately,I experienced a different side of the managment, and was left disappointed and lied to. I checked in on a Tuesday. The following morning, I went out, and left the do not disturb sign on the door. I had all of my legal papers laid out in my room, and additionally, since I was going to be back at the room shortly, the safe was open w/my computer, camera and travelers checks in it. When I returned to my room, not only was the do not duisturb sign gone, but my key did not work. I called to speak to the hotel manager, and explained the problem. After initially not willing to send someone up top my room w/a new key(they wanted me to go down 17 floors in their VERY slow elevator's), a key was sent up. I got in my room, and saw that the staff had ignore my request sign to not enter, and had cleaned the room. All of my papers that were laid out on the bed, in preperation of my presentation, had been stacked on the room's desk. This was not only going to take me several hours again to lay out, but it violated my privacy. I called the manager again to complain...she said she woul investigate, and get back to me. She never did, and then the head of housekeeping called me, and said he would follow-up. He said they would review the video tapes of the hallway, and see what transpired. Then he left another message, and said the maid had already left for the day, and he offered his assurances he'd contact me in the morning. He also left another housekeeping supervisors' name, and said she was looking into it as well, and would let me know why the room was entered into w/out my authorization. I was a guest there four four nights, and during the entire time, none of the three supervisorial people I spoke w/ever got back to me, or followed through. I travel extensively, and mistakes happen. What compounded a mistake into a serious breach of hotel managements' verbal statements blatantly indicate unprofessionalism at its worst. The hotel's management shows an obvious lack of character and integrity. All parties concerned dropped the ball. No matter how nice a hotel's amenities may be, if a guest can not count on management to do as it says it will do( repeatedly I might add) then what kind of reputation is that for the hotel. I am in NYC every month, and have stayed in many hotels. There is an old proverb...I can't hear what you are saying because what you are is so much louder. The management said they would get back to me, but never did. Disregard for guests....no follow-thru.....poor management.....violation of privacy...all elements of a hotel not worthy of patron's time or money.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LorieRobinson
<Content>Expectations Too High I was really looking forward to staying here, based on all the wonderful reviews that The Belvedere got on TripAdvisor. I think my expectations were just a little too high, though, because we experienced a few minor missteps during our stay there that left me somewhat disappointed.First of all, great location. We could walk or take the subway everywhere, which was fabulous. Be sure to head over to all the great little restaurants on 9th; there are dozens and they all look delicious and many are fairly reasonably priced (we loved 44SW, an Italian trattoria on the corner of 44th and 9th).Second of all, the rooms were extremely clean, which, in my opinion, is ultimately the most important thing.Now for the downside. To start, these were singlehandedly the most uncomfortable beds and pillows that I've ever stayed on in a hotel. By the end of our four-day stay, I had all but removed the pillow from the bed because sleeping without was almost more comfortable than sleeping with the pillow.We did not realize that, in order to get our room cleaned, we had to put the card on the doorknob so that it said, Please clean room. In all other hotels I've ever stayed (including in NYC), the default is that your room is cleaned unless you put the card on the doorknob requesting privacy. Here the card had two sides and our room did not get cleaned at all after the first night because we didn't put the card on the knob. We figured it out after that, but it was kind of disappointing to have spent $175/night to come home after a long day of sightseeing to find unmade beds and wet towels.The lock on the safe in our room did not work, which normally would not be a big deal, but we had brought a wireless laptop with us so we could check out restaurant and play reviews, and we were were unable to store it in the safe.There was no remote control for the TV in our room, and the TV didn't work without it. It took them two phone calls and 24 hours to get one for us. We weren't in the room much and we don't watch much TV, but my husband was interested in watching the U.S. Open when he could and I would have liked to have been able to get a weather report.The front-desk clerk was not particularly friendly when we got there, which is fine (it was, after all, 11:30 p.m. when we arrived), but everyone after that seemed friendly. And I was very impressed with The Belvedere's online reservation system -- even my special instructions (late check-in and a request for a room on a higher level) were logged into the system.In all, I guess part of my hesitation about giving The Belvedere a higher review is that I don't know what $175 typically gets you for a hotel in NYC. Maybe what we had was a lot nicer than other places in that price range -- I just don't know. If that's the case, then I am probably being a bit harsh. However, all this is to say that if I went to NYC again, I might very well stay at The Belvedere again, but I would probably look around first and try to get some more recommendations from folks.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BostonArt
<Content>Overall Really Satisfied I will give a list of pros and cons and believe me, the cons are picky cons just to throw some in, they are not a big deal at all.PROS:- Great location, just a couple of blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. Lots of bars and places to eat within walking distance.- Doormen are really nice and helpful with getting a cab- Front desk people nice and I was upgraded from a room with 2 doubles to a room with a king sized bed for no extra charge- Room a pretty decent size...on 15th floor and had a good view- Room was generally kept clean and did not have to pay extra to use the in room safe- Price not cheap but not too much...paid $175 a night for weekday and $200 for weekend. You get what you pay for in NYCCONS:- I like to sleep in if out late the night before. There is a place in the hotel for breakfast but it ends at 11am.....this hotel did not have roomservice I was slightly let down by that.- Air conditioning worked fine but it was really noisey at times.- We stayed 4 nights and the last day we were there housekeeping forgot to clean our room...we were out all day and night so when we got in late it kind of was annoying to come back to a room with unmade beds and no clean towels.We would stay there again, but probably will want to stay in a different area of the city next time for a change of scenery.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! Me and 3 friends stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights. We had 2 double beds, a tv unit, mini fridge and microwave - the rooms were very spacious and very clean. The mini fridge came in handy for water, juice etc. The staff at the Belvedere were extremely helpful and even made quick last minute arrangements for us to get a town car to the airport when we had forgotten to do so in advance (very appreciated!).The elevators were not a problem at all - they are typical elevators.The hotel is in a great, safe location ~ literally a 2 minute walk from Times Square (and walking distance to most areas).Coming in from 90 degree weather it was nice to have the a/c (the unit was a bit noisy, so for light sleepers I would recommend ear plugs - that goes for any hotel with a window a/c unit)I would definitely return to the Belvedere and recommend it to anyone staying in NYC.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KCtraveler
<Content>A Nice Stay I like many others choose this hotel based on reading so many positive reviews on this website. My opinion of this hotel mirrors most of what everyone else has already stated -- Its a very good option for the price and location. I came into New York City mainly to spend a few days at the US Tennis Open and the hotel is only a few blocks away from the Times Square subway station on route to catching the #7 train to Flushing. I can't comment on eating at the Belvedere as I just walked around a lot and ate at places that struck my fancy. My room was situated on the 17th floor and I had no problems with the elevators. Yes, the elevators are small and can't hold more than 10 people at a time, but they were worked alright and I always had an empty elevator to step into going down from the 17th floor. I will comment that the bathroom is tiny and the lighting is not very bright. The size of the bathroom was not a problem for me but I imagine if you are a portly person that the lack of space might become uncomfortable. All in all I will try to stay at the Belvedere next year when I return to New York City for the US Open. Thats my two cents. Hope its useful to someone.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere average, a bit disappointed This is my third time to NYC, and I normally stay at the Milford Plaza. Thinking I would rather stay at a nicer place this time, I read the reviews for the Belvedere, and found that it had better reviews overall than the Milford, and that it was just as affordable. Upon my arrival, I was surprised that the lobby was small, and that there was not enough room for arriving guests . . . .there also were not enough elevators to accomodate the amount of guests that were there. Several mornings when leaving the hotel, I had to wait up to half hour to get an elevator that had room for us. The kitchenette was nice, and the room was beautifully decorated, but the room was not any larger than what we had at the Milford. The beds were extremely uncomfortable, like rocks. The bathroom was tiny. The electricity went off several times when we were there, and we had to call someone to come fix it. I do have to say though, that they were prompt in fixing it. I was surprised to find out upon checkout that there were extra charges above what was stated on Travelocity. Being on a fixed budget, this was very disheartening. The staff was very friendly, and the doormen were so kind . . . but I was extremely shocked that no one ever asked us to show our keys, which meant that any stranger could have followed a guest up to their room. I am sure there are much worse hotels to be found, and I definately didn't leave angry . . . but there is much room for improvement.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ErinMarie79
<Content>Great, clean place My friends and I stayed at the Belvedere from Aug 31st-Sept 5th, 2005. We got a room with 2 double beds, on the 12th floor for $175 US a night. The room was very spacey and clean with a nice view. The fridge was a really nice bonus! The elevators were not the fastest, but we were never in a major rush. The staff was very helpful, and recommended different places to eat. It is very close to Times Square. We tried the Mariott revolving bar/restaurant called 'The View' on Sunday night. We arrived at approx 10:30pm. There was hardly any wait and the view of the city was well worth the drink price ($11+). If you go before 9pm there is no $7 cover charge. We didn't know this little tidbit, but the waitress didn't end up charging us the $7 anyways. I highly recommend everyone try Billy's Bakery in the Lower West Side. It is on 184 9th Ave, between 21st and 22nd. They make melt in your mouth cupcakes, along with other cakes and drinks. Overall, we were very pleased with this hotel and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jess116000
<Content>Clean, Convenient, Great Place!!! My husband  I stayed @ The Belveder Aug 18-21, 2005. It was wonderful! We will defintaly stay there again in our future visit to NYC. The breakfast served in the cafe downstairs was wonderful. I also reccomend the Brazilian Restaurant, Churrascaria Plataforma, down the street from the Belvedere- a little pricy, but great food! Overall, we loved the Belvedere....the staff was great, the rooms VERY large, clean  well kept. We had a great view out of our room window as well!! I reccomed this hotel to ANYONE going to NYC. For the price, I dont think it gets much better than the Belvedere.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location Have just got back from 5 nights at the Belvedere. Having read that some staff in NY can be unhelpful and sometimes rude, there is none of this at this hotel. Staff were always polite and helpful. The room was fine with a king bed, smallish bathroom but ingenius curved shower curtain rail, little kitchenette for a coffee, or keeping drinks cool. We had a room on the front on the 17th floor. It wasn't too noisy - it is NY. Go up the Empire State - you can still hear the noise on the 86th floor!Elevators not a problem for us and we were on the 17th floor. There are two main elevators which hold 8 to 10 people (without luggage) but in the morning when everyone is heading out they can fill up. They still stop at floors requested where the people waiting cannot get in. Their lift 'call' is then cancelled and they must start again. It's the same with any hotel. This aint a 4000 room Vegas hotel with express elevators.Location good for subway and close to Times Sq and Broadway. We walked from the subway at 50th with a single case on wheels direct to the hotel in about 5 minutes.Only problem was checking in when our room wasn't ready (it was 2pm and check in is 4pm) but they said another room was available. Upon getting to the room it was a twin queen 'deluxe' not the 'king' we had booked. When I went to reception I was told that was what was available and when I mentioned I had booked (online) a king the receptionist said that is only a request. However they said we could have a king the next morning which we did without problem. My point here is that the 'king' is more expensive than the 'deluxe' but was told it's only a request!! This is why I gave 4/5 rather than 5/5.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MNBigRedFan
<Content>Great Place to Stay in NYC My wife and I stayed at The Belvedere last week while on vacation in NYC and all we can say is that it lived up to the great reviews it receives on Trip Advisor. We had no problems with staff or the elevators. The hotel is very clean, surprisingly quiet and in a great location. The in-room kitchenettes are a great way to keep sodas, water and leftovers cold. We will definitely stay there again on future trips to NYC. Also try the Churrascaria Plataforma, the brazilian steakhouse connected to The Belvedere when staying there. It is a great dining experience with awesome food and service. Stay away from The Sombrero next door to the hotel. The service is lousy and has the worst margaritas we have ever tasted.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FanatasticFourFamily
<Content>Read the reviews, as good as they say! A great base from which to explore the city. It is 2 blocks from Times Sq. At the start of the Red Sightseeing Bus Route. Good local shops. Hotel itself is all you need - clean, tidy and helpful. I went with Hubby and two daughters aged 7 and 9. We all had a great time, and would go again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>2/5
<Content>Superb value for money            
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value We did a weekend trip to NY. This hotel was great. The rooms were BIG, clean, and very comfortable. The neighborhood is quiet. Plenty of shopping opportunities all around. Only 2 blocks from Times Square.Staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere is Best I chose the Belvedere after reading all the comments posted, along with the great rating of 26/324 reviews! It met every need and expectation for me (and my sister and our daughters). Staff is friendly, and the rooms are beautiful, large, and clean. We had great water temperature and pressure. It included a fridge, microwave, hairdryer, iron and board, and air conditioning that worked well. We were in walking distance to the theatre distict, Today Show, Times Square, and had marvelous food all around us. The price was $190 on week days, $220 on the weekend. Taxes jack the price up, but I believe all hotels charge these. If we had had a AAA membership, rates would have been lower. I definitely would go back!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rbeaver
<Content>Very happy with the Belvedere!!       Exterior view of the Belvedere  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere was Excellent We booked online for four nights in mid July, after reading many positive reviews. We were not disappointed with our choice. Our room was on the 14th floor, with a very comfortable king bed and kitchenette, with sink, fridge and coffee making facilities. The room was very nicely appointed and very clean. Contrary to some reviews, noise was not a problem. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Excellent breakfast buffet in pleasant surroundings and reasonably priced. Location was excellent, with close proximity to Times Square and Broadway shows. The lifts were slow, but didn't inconvenience us too much. Overall, would definitely recommend The Belvedere as a great place to stay. We loved New York, it is a great place to visit.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Napa_neighbor
<Content>Good place My wife and I spent two nights at the Belvedere in August. We found it to be a great value for the money. It was easy to drive to, valet parking cost $39/day, the staff was friendly and tried to be helpful, and the room was fine. It was larger than we expected and clean but not fancy. The mattress was quite firm. There were 2 TV's, one in the bedroom and one in the small sitting room with a fridge and a microwave and an ugly but otherwise usable sofa. The elevators were often packed but it really wasn't a problem. The bellstaff was helpful and offered some recommendations for restaurants (but their recommendations seemed to be for places they had special relationships with). We would definitely stay here again though we would definitely prefer the W but can't afford it! Also the location about 2 blocks from Times square and the subway was great. The neighborhood seemed very safe also.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eddisons
<Content>Recommended We booked the Belvedere after reading previous reviews and were very pleased with our choice. We had 4 nights at the beginning of our holiday touring the East Coast  had no problems at all. The room was comfertable  the fridge a great bonus. The staff were professional, especially the doormen. No problems with waiting for the lifts The only downside was the street noise but this is New York! Location of the Belvedere is great, walking distance from Times Square  the Subway.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klaatu
<Content>The Belvedere: the perfect place for lovers... My fiance and I stayed at the Belvedere for Ten nights from August, 3rd to August 13th and had the most wonderful stay there.The front desk staff was very professionnal and nice to us for day 1!! The bell boy and the door man were equally cool!!! A special mention goes to the souvenir store clerk who was always very kind to us.The rooms were very confortable and big. The kitchenette was very handy and coupled with the perfect location, we can say thet Blelvedere is the perfect spot for New York explorers (Times Square and the subway line were only two blocks away). Yes, the elevator was slow (and sometimes out of order) which caused many tourist jams but this triggered humourous chats. One piece of advice though: don't try to use the staircase whenever the elevator is out because you'll be out of breath halfway through!!!! It's better to wait in line!!!!Should we go to New York again, Belvedere would be our preferred choice.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sooooooo central We arrived in New York on Tuesday and in to the Belvedere at midday. We had 28 hours to do as much as we could!!! On times square there is a ticket booth called tkts and they sell theatre tickets at half price from 4pm, so we went to see a broadway musical!! (for $53.00 a head instead of $119.00)We went on a speed boat ride called beast to see the statue of liberty we went to the empire state building and sat in a bar till 3 in the morning. This hotel is ideally situated for the busy traveller. Rooms and service very good. Next time I'll try to stay for longer.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shirleyD
<Content>Perfect Location My son and I stayed at the Belvedere from August 7 to 11. The location, service, cleanliness, and price are what make this hotel an excellent choice. Our double room wasn't available when we arrived, but they offered us a King room, and immediately sent up a rollaway bed. The room was only just large enough to fit both beds, but that was fine. The bathroom was quite tiny, but that was to make room for a closet that held a safe, iron and ironing board, and plenty of hangars and room to store our empty luggage. It was adequate space for the two of us, but I think if 4 people were sharing the room, it would be a little too crowded. When we arrived, there was no evidence of the problems with slow elevators I had read about from previous reviews - we were up to our room on the top floor immediately. The next day however, was a different story. The two main elevators were out of service and guests were limited to using the one public elevator remaining (or sneak on the employee elevator). Because each one can only hold approx 6 people, it was a long wait to get on one, and just as long to get to the top or bottom, because it would stop on each floor (though there was no room for people to get on). Every member of the staff, from the doormen to the reception staff, to housekeeping and maintenance staff, were all friendly and helpful. I would definately stay here again, but I would ask for a room on the 2nd or 3rd floor, and just use the stairs to save time.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and perfect location to time square My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere July 7th - 12th, 2005 on the 17th floor. It was our first trip to New York and I researched/priced a lot of hotels. There were a couple of other hotels that caght my interest, that were more expensive....., so I read all the reviews and the reviews for the Belvedere were all thumbs up and the other ones had poor reviews. I actually ended up booking this hotel because of it's reviews, rate and it has a coffee maker and small refrigerator in the room. Most hotels I noticed did not offer a coffee maker much less a refrigerator. There is a resturant in the hotel and a gift shop. My husband I never had time to eat at their resturant...... to busy exploring the streets of New York. At the time I made the reservations, I didn't know exactly where the hotel was located but new it was pretty close to everything in general. I was presently surprised as to how close it was to time square etc..... just 2 blocks. I also have to mention that every New Yorker that my husband I came across were very Nice and Friendly and had no problems giving information. Even if we looked a little lost or puzzled the New Yorkers would come up to us and ask if they could help. We had a great time and can't wait to go back. I would stay at the Belevdere again and would reccomend it to my friends.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsiets
<Content>Great price, comfort and location This hotel is wonderful! Only 2 blocks from the C,E subway stops and very convenient to Times Square and all of the Broadway theatres. The rooms were very nicely equipped (with microwave and fridge) and had lots of space. Great service as well! The only complaint I have about this hotel is that the elevators are very old fashioned--small and very slow. Every day we had to wait at least 15 minutes to get onto the elevator and out the door.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Belvedere I totally endorse the comments of the reviewer from Kansas. We stayed in the Belvedere from August 1 to 9 and had a great room -410-very quiet at night -except for the essential air con-room cleaned on daily basis, staff unobtrusive but there if you needed them-special mention goes to concierge Leonela Chevalier relation of the great Maurice-when our shuttle bus to JFK was 5 mins late she rang and got one diverted to the Hotel--incidentally the shuttle was 20 dollars per person cheaper in our case 2 people than a yellow cab-I agree that prices in the area were high especially beer and wine but meal deals could be had on 46th street aka Restaurant Row -52 restaurants in one street so competition is fierce. We had a superb steak in Broadway Joes pricey but we used a 20% coupon found in nyc guide books but best value was at the top of 46th the Hourglass Tavern 4 course meals from 14 dollars and he played Doris Day cds too!!!!. All in All a great stay in a very reasonably-for NYC-priced Hotel approx 110 pounds sterling per night.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jonty58
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere Our first visit to NYC from the UK as a family. We stayed for 4 nights at the Belvedere in late July 2005. We booked the Belvedere after reading tripavisor reviews and we were not disappointed. We found the Belvedere to be a very comfortable, efficiently run and well located hotel that we'd be happy to recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere is Outstanding!! My wife and I just returned from celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary in New York City (Aug 4th-Aug 7th) and we chose the Belvedere Hotel mainly based upon the reviews we read at TripAdvisor.com. Needless to say, we were not disappointed. The rooms were impeccably clean and very large for a New York hotel room and the rates were so much more reasonable than other hotels in the area!The location is perfect as well. Everything in the Theater District or Times Square was less than a five minute walk away! The section of 48th Street, where the hotel is located, is just inside a residential area which gave it a cozy, safe feeling. The surrounding area was quiet and tree-filled, unlike the constant honking of Times Square and other areas. The staff were extremely polite and we honestly did not find a single thing wrong with our experience. For those of you who are visiting this site trying to decide where to stay in NYC, I can truly say you can not go wrong with this location if your desire is for an enjoyable stay near this part of Manhattan.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Service and Affordable!         
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nina21284
<Content>A very pleasurable stay This was a great hotel. We had a room with two double beds in and although by the end of the stay it was rather cramped - 4 girls, 4 suitcases  4 lots of shopping- it was well cleaned, tidy and the staff were very efficient. Its location was ideal, especially for Times Square and if you like Mexican food, go to the restaurant at the end of the road (turn left out fo the hotel).  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GillianandJames
<Content>Just Fantastic! We stayed at the Belvedere for New Years 2004 / 5 for a 5 night stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location, 10 minutes walk to Times Square, which is great because you dont want to be too close. 10 minute walk to Macys and shopping. There is a great convenience store at the corner, a Starbucks across the road and a great variety of late bars and restaurants on 8th Avenue. The room was cleaned daily and the heating was a welcome from the cold outside. All in all a great hotel we tried to book again for this year but the hotel was fully booked. If this is your first visit to NYC you wont be disappointed with the Belvedere. I have been to New York 5 times and this is the best hotel I have stayed in by far!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>golf_hawaii
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity III  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loero
<Content>Finally Found the Hotel I've looked for for 30 years! Took a gamble from trip advisor and booked a stay at the Belvedere. Finally I have to look no more in NYC. I will ALWAYS stay here. The price is right. The rooms are large by NY standards, even the shower curtain is curved giving you the feel for extra room. Add to that a microwave, small fridge, I telling you heaven in NYC. The price can't be beat. Look no more this is it kids!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't be better We stayed here for 8 nights in July 05 - it was brilliant! The location, helpful staff, and extra space in the room was wonderful. For the money in New York we were very, very pleased. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for the money Great location - 3 blocks to Times Sq, 2 to 8th Ave subwayMid-town, but QUIET side street (48th betw 8th and 9th)Clean, recently renovated room (FYI, rooms are small)Very friendly/professional staffGood facilities (business center/coffee shop, etc)  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>keywestwed
<Content>'Right On'!!       Belevedere  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rty
<Content>Wished we'd stayed longer my friend and i stayed here for 3 days but wished it had been longer.the hotel was great for location cleanliness,staff, food the only down fall was the view from our room(someones washing line)but the trip alone made up for it.(a bottle of beer went missing from the fridge so watch your valuables)overall we loved nyc and the belvedere so we'll be back  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location The Belvedere is a great place to stay - not exactly high class but defo not budget. If you want somewhere nice to stay and dont want to blow your budget then this is the place. Have stayed there twice and will stay there again on our annual trips to NY. Minutes from Time Square. Subways to everywhere only a minutes walk away. Rooms clean, friendly staff. Only downside was the public phones eating up your money. Also check out the little mexican restaurant around the corner - take a right and a right again on exiting the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MichaelChristine
<Content>A Steal for NY My wife and I stayed at The Belvedere, based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. The reviews were spot-on. Small, intimate hotel, a few blocks off Times Square. The staff was great, and the rooms were very nice, and incredibly spacious, especially for NYC. Great value as well. We spent US$160/night, which is a steal for NYC. We continue to stay at this hotel, on our trips to NYC. Unfortunately, this hotel is usually sold-out. Guess the secret is out. Book in advance. Well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fromdelmar
<Content>Very nice for the price We had a king room and were pleased by the size of the room and in general found the hotel quite good. Negatives: Bathroom was small, but adequate; the hotel has four elevators (not together) when all are working everything is fine, but when one of the two center elevators was being repaired, it took a long time to get to the lobby. Window air conditioning is common in New York. Some of the better hotels have central air, but our window unit kept the room comfortable during 90+ degree weather. Finally, the neighborhood: Convenient to Times Square, but not the nicest neighborhood in the city.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! Great Location! Great Service! Just got back from our first family trip to NYC... I had read good reviews here about the Belvedere but was still a little skeptical. What a great hotel, it was clean, affordable and within walking distance to everything. Our package included breakfast which was in the cafe and was a buffet type, but it did the trick. The rooms were very clean, the fridge worked and the coffee maker was a nice bonus. The hotel staff were very courteous and went out of their way everytime we had a request. We would stay here again in a heartbeat. This hotel is worth the money. We enjoyed our stay and will be back.Tammy  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel My daughter and I stayed here July 6 - 10th. The room was nice, clean, good sized for NYC. The bathroom tiny. However, great water pressure! Not too many problems with the elevator. We often used the one for guests at the end of the hall with little wait. The bed was VERY comfortable. Front desk, bellmen, consierge were all extremely helpful. The doorman suggested the BEST restuarant, the Plataforma, which is actually behind the hotel. Pricey, but well worth it. One of the best meals we've ever had, if not THE best. Convient diner for great breakfast around the corner. Walk around the block to a local grocery store for 50 cent coffee... Or one block for Starbucks, if you prefer. The location is also convenient to subways, theatre, restaurants, TImes Square.My only complaint was that the AC unit was a window unit, which didn't allow for us to completely close the curtain on that side of the window. THere was a mini blind, but it didn't block the light.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - Great location!! My friends and I recently stayed at the Belvedere and it was a great experience. We picked this hotel based on the reviews I read here...they were right! The rooms were clean and comfortable, loved the little kitchenettes. The hotel was in a great location, nice neighborhood off the beaten path, but everything was close by, theaters, Times Square, Rockefeller Center. One of the main reasons for picking this hotel was based on reviews I read about how nice the staff was and they were right! The front desk, conceirge, bellmen, housekeepers, doorman were always available to assist with everything, directions, restaurant choices and tourist activities. The Grayline bus tour was great! You could ride it all day and hop on and off at all the different locations. I had been to New York once before, but we stayed at a friends house in New Jersey and was only in the city for a day and a half. We stayed three nights at the Belvedere and I wish it could have been more. It was a great experience for the first time staying in New York. Next time we come back, we will definately buy tickets for a Broadway show and stay at the Belvedere. Thanks for a great time! I love NY!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!!!! July 20,2005We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel July 7th thru July 13th. I chose this hotel mostly because of the reviews I read on this site. Let me tell you, this is the cleanest, friendliest, most conveniently located hotel I have ever stayed in in NY! The rooms were spacious and very clean, maid service was excellent. We had a problem with the bathtub not draining while we took showers and reported it and it was fixed by the time we got back for the day on that same day. The conceirge is so helpful, they know just about everything, just ask where to eat, how to get somewhere, just anything and they are very knowledgeable and friendly. The bellhops were there, attentively opening doors and smiling. The only problem we had was when we had checked out the last day at noon, and our flight was not until 8:30 pm we had them hold our luggage, they actually store it in a back room which is great, but I asked the bellhop if it would be a problem obtaining a taxi at 5 pm to go to the airport and he said not at all and to not leave past 5:30 pm due to traffic and he would tell the bellhop who would be on duty then to make sure we had a taxi, well that never happened and we got back to the hotel at 4:30 pm and asked them to call a taxi please and they said that would be a problem at this time because taxi's do not like to go to the airport during rush hour so they put their off duty signs on, but he would call for one for us, we waited until 5:20 pm and best he could do was get a private car, whose rate was $35.00 more than a taxi's rate (they have standard rates to JFK and Laguardia Airports). The driver was rude and drove with no patience and experience.Anyway, that is the only negative. The laundry room on the basement level is clean and convenient. I did laundry once and it was a nice plus. The sink in the bathroom is small, but it's not a problem and there is another sink over by the refrigerator and microwave. Really came in handy having refrigerator. We bought water bottles and they kept nice and cold in there and leftovers stayed fresh. Nice TV, took a break with an in room movie inbetween sightseeing, reasonable and they have current movies that are in the movie theaters. My husband and I were traveling with two of our children ages 12 and 13 and they were very comfortable. The elevators were not a problem, we had a great view on the 15th floor.Lot's of places to eat are near by, try the Olympic diner for breakfast right around the corner, quick service, traditional diner type food, good coffee, reasonably priced too. Ray's pizza had good NY pizza also.I would DEFINATELY stay here again, I wish I was still there!!!!!If you have any doubts, just book it, you will be happyJoanneFrom Florida  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1redwood
<Content>Great location, Great hotel My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Belvedere. We had a great room with a king-sized bed, a fridge, a micro-wave  a coffee maker. It was very hot in NYC while we were there, and the air-conditioning in our room worked very well. The location couldn't be better. It's an easy walk to Time Square  Broadway. We found the staff friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Choice When looking for a place to house over 35 people for my daughter's wedding, we started with Trip Advisor and chose 4 hotels to check out. We traveled to the city and took a look for ourselves and talked to guests. We were not disappointed with our choice of The Belvedere. We booked a block of rooms at a great rate for my daughter's wedding weekend. Having grandparents over 75 years old right through to young people who like to party, the location was fantastic. Only short walks to see the lights of Times Square, use the Tour Buses, use the Subway, and of course, to choose restaurants. Having a microwave, refrigerator, and coffee pot were also a plus for everyone. The staff was always very friendly and helpful. The doorman even helped us negotiate a fair rate for a shuttle to the wedding! The rooms were clean as well as the halls, stairways, and elevators. Every person in our group had a fantastic experience and I came out looking like a hero for organizing it all. Thanks Belvedere!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home from Home! Just returned from my first trip to NY with my best friend, neither of us had been away without our parents so we were quite nervous. Check-in was easy, we requested a low floor, and we got it, (the 6th). Room was plenty big enough, bathroom was fine. It was July so the fridge was vital for cold drinks, fresh fruit etc. Had a large bed each, mine was a little creaky but i got used to it, we stayed 7 nights. Used the elevator at the end of the hall, it was ALWAYS available. We could easliy use the stairs from 6th floor anyway. Rooms were cool even without air con. Did get some street noise during the night but this is unavoidable in NY so get used to it! Housekeeping were good, we never saw them. Clean towels daily. Safe was really easy to use  no extra charge, uses pin code so no key needed. We thought the breakfast at the hotel was a bit pricey for us so we went to the Olympic Diner which was literally around the corner on 8th ave between 48th  49th street it was cheap and did have plenty to choose from, service was lightening fast too. Opposite you will find The Food Emporium which is a handy supermarket, fresh fruit, drinks etc. We also used Ray's Pizza quite a lot, there are several in the area, great pizza by the slice or by the pie you can eat in your room. Saves on the cash if you just want a snack for lunch. TV had some good channels, fellow Brits will recognise MTV, VH1 etc and good for catching up on the news back home, we are from Leeds so we could see American reporters at home investigating the London bombers. Times Square is about a minutes walk away, straight up 48th street, it is so easy to find you way around as the streets are straight and numbered. We walked everywhere midtown  uptown, up as far as 75th street, right across Central Park, 5th ave, 3rd ave, down to Empire State  Macys. The Grayline bus tours leave from 8th ave right near the hotel, for $49 for all loops these tours are great value and the best way to see the WHOLE city. We used them to visit downtown, Ground Zero, Battery park etc. The night tour was fab. I can also recommend NY Waterway which does a 90 minute harbour cruise for $21, down at pier 78 which is a bit of a walk but there is a complimentary bus if you want from Times Square area. As two girls we felt totally safe for our whole trip, even late at night and on foot, NYPD were all over which was reassuring. Because The Belvedere was so near to everything it meant we could go back  forth as we wanted to top up on drinks and cool down. Wouldnt dream of staying anywhere else in NY it had everything we needed and couldnt have been in a better place. Best way to get there from JFK is YELLOW cab, i stress the word yellow as there was a guy at the airport who tried to offer us a cheaper ride, dont be fooled! There is no cheaper taxi than a yellow, we paid $45 flat rate from JFK, plus toll and tip was $55. (compared to the $79 the other guy offered)returning to JFK, the doorman got us a cab within seconds, wasnt flat rate, paid about $5 extra. Had a great trip, a week wasnt long enough, can't wait to go back, loved the hotel and NYC!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beach710
<Content>Belvedere Hotel - Good Location My adult daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for four nights in July 2005. For walkers like us, the location was convenient to many places like Central Park, Time Square, theatres and Macys. The hotel was clean but the service was spotty. The front desk was pleasant during check in. We had to call down to get 'extra' towels several days. There were always several bellman/doormen at the door but they didn't bother to open it as we were going in or out. We did not spend much time at the hotel. We did not use the elevator except on arrival and departure with our suitcases since we were only the third floor. It was much quicker to take the stairs. Note: the elevators at the end of the hall have signs on them stating they are staff only elevators. I like having the refrigerator, coffee maker and extra sink. The safe was also a nice feature. I would recommend the Belvedere Hotel if the price was right.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GMTLV2TRVL
<Content>Location is everything       Belvedere from W48th  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for six nights. We were pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel was. We had a corner room on the 17th floor which was more than spacious for NYC. The staff and everyone else we dealt with were very pleasant. We traveled with two other couples that had teenagers or young adults that also had rooms at the Belvedere that were completely satisfied. It is a great location and close to Times Square. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Belvedere!! What a great suprise we had when we arrived at the Belvedere and saw our room- It was roomy, newly decorated, had all the amenities one could want with lots of comfort. Especially liked having a safe in the room along with microwave and refrigerator. We were there for 6 days and the room was cleaned every day with extra towels as we requested. The staff was very friendly and helpful as was the concierge. We never waited long for the elevator as there was always one available at the end of the hallway. The location was perfect as this was our first time to NYC and we could walk to a lot of the places we wanted to go. The restaurants close by were all great also- Thanks Trip Advisor for recommending this wonderful Hotel to us through this web site-  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great service,great location,great hotel ;o) I stayed in this hotel for 7 nights and have to admit that it is a great hotel for this price.We had a triple-room with 2 queensize beds which was located on the 14th floor, so that we had a great view of NYC.Although the walls are quite thin and sometimes it was a little bit loud outside, we had a great stay in this lovely hotel.It is located only one block away from the broadway + times square and very clean; you can reach many famous places, e.g the rockefeller center, radio city hall etc. on foot .Our room had a kitchenette, a big TV and a safe in the closet, so that you can leave all your money and important things in your room.All in all I would say that I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone who wanna have a great time in NEW YORK (Manhattan).  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>caseyfla
<Content>Pretty friggin' good After reading all of the great reviews I've seen on here, my family (42 years old, 16 years old boy, 12 years old boy) decided on the Belvedere. It was pretty nice, but one of the bellmen was very rude for no reason (I expected it, but I was still a little mad), and the concerige also had a bit of an attitude. Overall the rooms were great (as big as I've ever stayed at..not small at all), the bathrooms were a little small and the water pressure in the showers sucked but it wasn't anything we couldn't handle. The hotel's great, especially the location, and I LOVE New York!!! Everyone should go!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Compared to most of the hotels I found In New York , The Belvedere was by far the cheapest and most decent hotel I had seen. This was one of the first times that I had booked a hotel using tripadvisors reviews and I'm very glad that I did. The hotel is in an excellent location two blocks from Times Square in one direction, and Hells Kitchen is one block west, where there are some excellent little restaurants at reasonable prices. The hotel itself was clean, service was good. Overall I would rate it highly however there were a couple of things that got on my nerves (probably because I was staying there 7 nights, longer than most trips to NY, I realise), the lifts were unreliable and at least one was out of service each day and they were very slow. The internet connection was extremely expensive although there is an easynet cafe off Time Square. Overall excellent value for money in NYC!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not the best Hotel was clean, but very average.Room was ok in size, but bathroom very cramped.Offered extra TV facilities, such as movies and games, but at a price, $11, a bit expensive.Lifts a bit dodgy - creaked and groaned on the 5th floor, thought we got stuck, but just a strange minute or so - front staff didnt appear to be too concerened.Location is close to times square, but also next to a fire station, so sirens can be a bit of a bother.Aircon was new and modern with remote and worked well and we had a nice view of the city skyline.Has a small business centre with internet and computer workstations, but also at a price ($0.25 per minute) - cheaper elsewhere.Also found local hotel restaurant to be on the expensive side.Overall a clean hotel, but very average for the price we paid - have stayed at cheaper and nicer hotels in NYC so probably won't be back  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We just got back from a four night stay at the Belvedere, it was great. When I booked the hotel I was unsure from some of the other reviews, but we were really pleased. First of all, the location was excellent, It's on W. 48th street between 8th and 9th ave, on the edge of the theater district. It was perfect because we could walk almost everywhere and weren't far from the subway stop. Restaurant Row is on 9th ave. and so there were great food options, I recommend Joe Allen for pre-theater dinning. You can walk to everyshow and timesquare. The hotel itself was very nice too. The lobby is very nice, and we were always greeted friendly. We were lucky and got a great room, make sure to ask for the highest corner room possible that way it'll be bigger and you'll have a better chance for a good view (and less noise). The room was very comfortable, and a great deal for the price. I would definately recommend the Belvedere Hotel to anyone. It made our vacation really pleasent and fun.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Arrive early or else... My partner  I booked a room confirmed with a credit card at the Belvedere. We were sailing with friends on the QM2 the next day, and the hotel is only several blocks away from the dock. After a late flight and long cab ride from the airport we arrived to find out that they had no rooms available! We were offered a room at their sister hotel 40 blocks north and cash for cab fare to get there. No explanation was ever given as to why the guaranteed room was given away, and we wonder if we'd never shown up if our credit card would still have been billed. Thanks to our generous friends who doubled up in someone else's room and gave us theirs, we did not have to travel farther away. The desk clerk told us he couldn't comp the rooms, but he did reduce the rate on both of them. The hotel itself was okay for NYC, but they need to get their reservation difficulties solved. Because of this hassle I doubt we'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TheLonelyWanderer
<Content>Fantastic! Following great reviews on this website, we too decided to stay at the Belvedere for our first visit to New York. We were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location, just a block from Times Square but nice  quiet so you can relax. The rooms were spacious  had all the required facilities. The staff were friendly  could not be more helpful  the hotel was clean  comfortable. We would recommend this hotel to anyone  will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Clean but...... My daughter and I stayed in The Belvedere for six nights. The room was very clean and we appreciated the refridgerator and microwave. It was in a great location for us as we went primarily to see shows and could walk to all. There are a couple of convenient subway stations within a block or two and an easy walk to Times Square and 5th Avenue. There is a great restaurant, Luxia, just two doors down. Unfortunately, the day time front desk staff could have been more friendly (night shift folks were great). We went one entire day without hot water, two days without bath towels, even when I called and asked for some. The In-room movies and bathtub/shower faucet didn't work and it took two maintenance guys (very nice, determined fellows) about 3 hours of putzing around in our room to fix them. On the morning when I only had 3 hours sleep I awoke to find that the maid had neglected to give us coffee (aaaghh!). I began to wonder if it was something personal (I always tip very generously-perhaps that wasn't such a good idea). The window air conditioner was quite noisy but essential in the 95 degree heat. The bellman's recommendation for a restaurant was dreadful. I would stay somewhere else next time even if I have to pay a bit more.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>GailofIowa
<Content>My friends and I were very pleased My friends and I just returned from a 4 day stay at the Belvedere. I booked this hotel based on the recommendations from this website and my friends were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are spacious by New York standards and the bathrooms are all marble. The furniture included end tables, a chest of drawers and a large armoire for the TV with more drawers. An ironing board and safe was included in the closet. If only the weather had been as good as the hotel!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>runfar82
<Content>Would stay here again . . . . I had done a lot of research on hotels and locations. Read all the great reviews on this sight. Most of the negative things seemed insignificant. Was even willing to pay more, but wanted the best hotel for the money. This hotel was great. The price was great. The furnishings were nice. The room was very clean. Thought we might need the refrigertor and microwave, but with all the great places to eat in NYC, there was never a need.The lifts were never a problem. Used the ones at the end of the hall several times. The staff was very courteous. The conceirge did seem to have a little attitude, but she was somewhat helpful with my questions. Not a lot of street noise on the 14th floor. Did hear the fire trucks once and a while, but not a problem.Would recommend Island Burger and Shakes around the corner on 9th Ave, John's pizza a little south off 8th Ave, Olympic Diner on 8th around the corner (waiters very friendly) and the cheap cup of coffee ($.60) around the corner at the tiny grocery on 8th Ave. Ate at Becco (close to hotel) on theatre night. Really enjoyed.We were lucky about getting the breakfast included in our hotel cost. Learned about a code on this sight to mention when we made the reservation. It was very good! Even when we went a little later one day, the food was replenished and fresh. It was one less decision to make each day. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mike1957_7
<Content>Perfect location My wife and I stayed here for two weeks and cannot praise the staff at the Belvedere too highly. Reception, the concierge, the maids, the bellboys were all very helpful. The room on the 17th floor had superb views over 8th avenue as far as the Hudson river on our right. The room was large with a queen bed and a very useful kitchenette with fridge and microwave. Bathroom was small but perfectly adequate if you don't need to stretch out in the tub! Had a faulty hairdrier  a blocked loo one day but both were immediately remedied after reporting to reception. Location was superb - two blocks away from broadway  times square. Great pubs nearby (especially Scruffy Duffys- good value bar snacks) and a smattering of good deli's. Would not hesitate in recomending this hotel for value for money,cleanliness  friendliness.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DancingQueen76
<Content>Great value and location We just spent five nights at the Belvedere and wanted to thank all the great reviewers here on TripAdvisor. The location is excellent, just steps away from Times Square and tucked in a nice neighborhood with many convieniences. Besides all the restaurants on Broadway, there is a great little park/courtyard one block North of the hotel with tables/chairs, a Starbuck's and a couple restaurants. We found a great bakery and fruit/veggie stand on 9th Ave, and a grocery on 8th. There is also a bistro called Pigalle on 48th/8th that is pretty good for breakfast, and depending on what you get, can be slightly less than the Belvedere breakfast (which is also very good). The room was nice, quiet, with a pleasant view. We liked having the mini fridge. They also have wireless Internet, but you must call the desk each day to get a new login/password. The cost of the room was very reasonable, making it a great value for families like us (two parents, two kids). We found the entire hotel staff to be friendly, helpful, and responsive. We had no problems with elevators or getting extra towels (the towel holder can hold only three sets).  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow,,,What a great price and clean hotel. Okay, so I read the reviews before I booked and was excited about staying here. Not knowing NYC I was surprised to find out that it's located in Hell's Kitchen. Don't worry it's a cleaned up area and a couple of blocks from Times Square. Bottom line, my family and I are looking forward to going back to NYC and staying at this hotel. I don't have deep pockets for the swank hotels, so this is a great place.Only concern is that it will get to many good reviews that they will hike up thier rates.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable stay at the Belvedere This hotel deserves five stars mainly because of the tremendous value it offers for the money. The decor is plain but the rooms are clean and the kitchenette came in very handy for preparing a simple breakfast. We also used the laundry room, (located in the basement) yet another money saving feature of the hotel... just be sure to bring your own detergent. We were located on the fifth floor, which I had concerns about at first because I know how noisy NY can be, but the neighborhood was relatively quiet and we slept peacefully. There isn't much of a view from the lower floors, but we didn't spend much time in the room.The hotel is located on the edge of Time Square, making it an ideal location for those going to see the shows. Many tour groups frequent the place, so it can be a madhouse. Nevertheless, the staff handled the full house with efficiency and expertise. The staff was polite and professional. We were allowed to check in as soon as we arrived (at noontime) and they also held our bags until we were ready to go to the airport for our departure. I forgot my house and car keys and left them in the room when we checked out. When I called the next day to see if they had been found, the concierge took immediate action to mail them to my home.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good Belvedere We had no trouble when checking. We had e-mailed the hotel to request a non smoking room  this was available for us. The kitchenette was very handy for drinks  heating any food (the best shop for milk and so much more is the very good Amish Store on 9th Ave-only a few minutes away) The staff at the Belvedere were very friendly,  the internet facilities were good to check our return flight. The hotel is only a few minutes away from Times Square  the subway. also the Greyhound office for booking tours. We would stay at the Belvedere again. Just one reservation but not a major problem, due to the kitchennette area the bathroom was quite small- but then you do not spend your holiday in New York in a bathroom.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place We just got back from 5 nights at the Belvedere. It was perfect. When you book online in a city that's 5000 miles away you always are taking a chance and since I had nothing to go on but the reviews at Tripadvisor I was a bit nervous. Add to this that it was our 20th anniversary and you can't believe the relief I felt when we saw this place. The staff were top notch; the room was fantastic; no too large but clean and nicely appointed. The mattress was good and the location of this hotel was perfect. Times Square is 2 blocks, the Subway is 2 blocks. We walked to the theatres (Movin' Out - (6 out of 10) and Rent (9 out of 10) on two of the nights because they were less than 10 minutes away. Safe neighbourhood. Yes there is a fire hall a block away and we heard them occasionally in the night but other than that the rooms were very quiet. When we go back I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. The Brazilzian resteraunt on the back side of the hotel (facing 49th) was very good - However the best meal we had was at a place called One if by Sea two if by land on Barrow street in Greenwhich Village. Stunning food and service - a bit pricey but it's New York!Can't wait to go back and stay at the Belvedere  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Large rooms, but a few problems The rooms here were bigger than any room I can imagine in NYC. We had 4 adults sleeping in one room, so it was especially helpful to have a second sink in the morning. They also had a mini-fridge which was nice. The room was relatively clean - just a few bits of torn wallpaper and the window air conditioner made it seem not as nice as I originally had hoped. However, there were a few issues. For some reason, they were shorting us one set of towels, and they were slow to bring them (if at all) when we requested. The phone was also down for a bit. They also charged us an extra $30 a night for the extra 2 people...although I should have read the fine print in booking it on Travelocity, it was still a surprise. The location was okay, but it was still a few blocks further from the theatres than I was hoping for.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here/save your money for dining and drinking! I researched hotels for 6 mos. prior to visiting NYC in early June of 2005. This was the first time my husband and I stayed in a hotel in NYC, so I wanted it to be nice but not too pricey. I kept checking the reviews here and rarely heard ANY complaints about this hotel. I finally made our reservation here and kept checking reviews and was always so excited to hear how everyone was satisfied. I couldn't wait to visit. Tip: Don't take an airlink shuttle or a supershuttle from LGA airport to this hotel. Nightmare experience on the way in. On the way out, took a cab and it was so easy, fast and THE SAME PRICE for two of us!!! I wish someone would have told us this.Check in was perfect, room was spacious, VERY clean, and quiet. We were on the 12th floor facing the back (49th st.). Staff was always helpful and friendly. Loved having the in-room safe and the kitchenette and ironing board/iron. I used my hair dryer from home and blew a fuse...called the desk and 5 min. later the power was back on.Elevators were small and a bit slow but not bad enough to bum you out too much. We just used the service elevators at the end of the halls a few times (especially at night). Nobody cared and you didn't have to wait at all. Didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but ate at 2 very close and very good restaurants on 9th street: The Delta Grill (Cajun/Rest./Bar) and Amarone (Italian) - both excellent and less than a block away (out the hotel door, turn right to 9th st., cross the street and they are both on the left.Like everyone says, great location, friendly staff, great rooms, great price - why would you go anywhere else?  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shariberry99
<Content>Non Smoking at the Belvedere We stayed for 5 nights at the Belvedere in early June. Great price for a room in NYC. The whole hotel is a non smoking hotel which is great. The elevators were a little slow and small, but that did not deter from the our group liking this hotel. The staff was very friendly, even made jokes with us when we had them store our bags after checkout, but before we wanted to leave the city. The towels could be a little newer. One day they smelled a little bit burnt. (maybe they need a new dryer). The rooms were large. We had a room with two full beds and enough space between. There was a small fridge with microwave and coffee maker. The window would open about 4 inches if you like fresh air. The noise from the street came through, but I don't like the feel of A/C. This hotel is two blocks from Restaurant Row and within walking distance to many on Broadway theaters, so you won't be spending a lot on cab fair. We took the Gray Line hop on, hop off bus tour. Well worth the $49. for 48 hours. Tour guides really know a lot about NY. Bring an extra suitcase, there is so much shopping it is addicting. (and we come from San Diego) So, pick Mr. Belvedere hotel when traveling to NYC.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>napualani
<Content>The Belvedere is great! As I began planning for my trip to New York and looking for a hotel to stay at I learned 2 things very quickly...1) New York is expensive and 2) the hotel rooms are small. I researched many possible hotels in my price range ($100-$175 per night) and after reading countless reviews on Trip Advisor I decided on The Belvedere. It was the only hotel in my price range that seemed to have consistently good reviews. I just returned from my stay in New York and was very happy with my staty at The Belvedere. The hotel staff is friendly, the rooms are clean and come with a refrigerator, hair dryer, iron and ironing board, and a safe. And, the location is great. It is within walking distance from the theatres, Times Sqare, the Subway and many other New York attractions. If I go back to New York I will not hesitate to stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alexanderhamilton
<Content>Place is a scam They pretend like the exact person who made the reservation must check in. Then they pretend like someone else must buy a new room in order that the original intended guest will stay there.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for the money It was very difficult finding a hotel in New York City for under $200.00 a night. After extensive research, I was able to locate the Belvedere Hotel, in the heart of the theatre district. I was traveling alone on business, and concerned about safety. The Belvedere was a real bargain; spacious rooms (with two double beds), a full closet, kitchenette, full dressers, desk, chair, etc. The location was ideal and I easily walked to business appointments, cafes and restaurants. Major subways and bus lines were on just about every corner. And, some theatres were on the same block as the hotel. The staff was welcoming and friendly and assisted in shipping materials back home, identifying car services, arranged for reservations, and generally did an excellent job. If you are on a budget, this is the place to stay in the theatre district.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>demonloop
<Content>Lived up to its reviews on this site. Just got back from NYC. We stayed in the Belvedere for 9 nights. I'm in the UK and had based ALL my faith in the Belvedere after reading reviews on this site alone. We weren't disappointed. There was two of us travelling, myself and my girlfriend. After flying into JFK we found the AirTrain very easily which took us to Howard Beach subway station for $5. From there we caught the blue line to 50th St station for $2. Beats paying $60+ for a taxi! We got to the hotel a little early; check-in is 3pm, we were there at 2pm. We had requested a room with queen bed and a corner room at time of booking, so expected to wait about for a while but the very friendly staff had a room waiting. Check-in was simple and easy to understand, everything was explained clearly and very friendly.The room was great, more than we expected. It was impeccably clean, the only place I could find dust was on a small spot on top of the TV unit; I had to look hard!!The bathroom was immaculate and plenty big with shower and bath combo.The fridge worked great, never tried the microwave. There were plenty of towels, which were changed every day. The AC worked great too. The TV was far bigger than hotel TVs in the UK.I had read the comments about the lifts being small/slow. In truth they were a little small, sometimes when one stopped for you it was full and you had to wait on another, but in my opinion you need to be very picky to let this bother you. Our room was cleaned every day whilst we were out as well.The hotel restaurant was a little over-priced in comparison to the local ones, even for breakfast the diners down the street were cheaper and better. We tried the hotel breakfast once and didn't go back, it wasn't bad but the diners were better.The location was excellent, a short walk to 42nd St and the theater district and there were subways ay 50th St and then the big 42nd St one a short walk away.At night there wasn't much noise, its in a quiet little corner just off the main noisy area. The location was perfect. I hope to return to NYC soon and I won't be even choosing a hotel I will be staying at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb I stayed in the Belvedere from the 28th - 31st May 2005 and it was fantastic. Can find no faults whatsoever with the place. Was on the 17th floor and had no problems with the lifts. If I go back to New York I'll stay here again without a doubt.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A must stay hotel This hotel was brilliant - just back from staying there for 8 days, the place was lovely, clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful.Every time I go back to NYC I will stay here as it is very affordable.Its location is also excellent - walking distance from times square which was just 2 blocks away and easy access to the subway either at times square or on 50th street.A must stay if visting New York - hotel room was spacious and was cleaned every day and catered for all our needs - even had a fridge and microwave and coffee machine - brilliant.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>typhon
<Content>Great value We stayed for 4 nights in May 2005. Hard to fault the hotel for the price. Rooms fairly spacious and comfortable. Staff very good especially the door staff. We were on the seventeenth floor and the rooms had not been renovated so the bathroom was dated but very clean. No problems with the lifts although they can be a little slow at peak times. But you are on holiday what is the rush! The only problem we had during our stay was the noise from outside. This was because the windows would not close properly and were jammed open leaving a small gap. I always carry earplugs when staying in cities and I slept but it may be a problem if you dont carry them.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Stay at The Belvedere Again! Booked a room at The Belvedere based on reviews from others and was so happy - I can't say enough good things about this hotel! The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable (Luis especially but all were great!), we had a great view of the city, our room was fairly big, clean, and quiet. There is a business center downstairs with computers, internet access and an ATM machine. Now location: we were two blocks from Times Square, three blocks from Broadway, and there were a TON of great restaurants all around us. It is also walking distance to Rockafeller Center and Radio City Music Hall. The hotel is located on a very quaint side street so its not as noisy at night as some other hotels in the city can be. This hotel seemed too good to be true given the price was so low but it really is great. Also, the award-winning brazillian restaurant downstairs is UNBELIEVABLE. While eating dinner we saw all kinds of cabs pull up out front meaning that even people not staying at the hotel still come to eat dinner at this place.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a weeks stay and it was an excellent experience. Friendly staff, clean and quiet room close to Time Square. I would definately recommend this place.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Experience I stayed at the hotel back in December and had such an amazing experience. I tried staying there again in February, but they did not have any vacancies. I definately rec. this hotel. MT  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>quicheandpony
<Content>Great Deal for the Price! We just returned from a 9 night stay at the Belvedere. Overall it was a great choice. Great location, clean rooms, comfortable beds, and a nice place to come back to after a long day. We got a superb deal at this hotel as other mediocre and less hospitable hotels charged at least $20-$40 more per night. We were able to get the Belvedere for about $165/night plus taxes. This is a great deal for NYC! The rooms are spacious and the kitchenette is very handy. Our only complaint was the thin walls. We had one bad night in which the people next to us came back at 2am intoxicated and woke up the entire floor! Luckily, after several calls to the front desk things quieted down, and the bad guests checked out the next day. Other than that our trip was great thanks in part to the Belvedere. The staff is friendly and helpful and I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling on a budget. For the price, this is really good quality.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Booked this hotel based on trip advisor comments and I was not disappointed. The hotel was in an excellent location - just off Time Square. The rooms were spacious and clean and the kitchenette was very handy although no crockery or cutlery provided. Really enjoyed my stay and if returning to New York will definitely book this hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jdblakesle
<Content>Great hotel! Great location! We spent four nights at The Belvedere Hotel, 5/24 - 5/28/2005. We had two rooms, one with a king bed, one with two doubles. Both rooms weredecorated nicely, both had a microwave, coffee-maker, and a frig.The bathrooms were smallish, but very modern and had recently been renovated, with new tile and fixtures. The towels were plush and new.Each room had a large TV and a desk  chair with high-speed internet access. There is a business center with internet access, too.We did not eat in the cafe, as we loved the Pigalle cafe just a block up W 48th Street, open 24/7. We booked our rooms via Quikbook and paid $155 each per night. For this price, this is nicest hotel we've used in NYC,and the location can't be beat. For individuals booking this hotel, please note that lots of tour companies use this hotel for their groups. The complaints about the slow elevators were exaggerated. One of our rooms was on the 17th floor and we never waited longer than a few minutes for one to arrive, and this hotel was booked solid during our entire stay. The staff is great and friendly, eager to help in any way they can.Don't be afraid to use this hotel for a wonderful stay in a great city!!  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere is the Best! My husband,daughter and I just nreturned from a five day stay at The Belvedere. This was one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had! The rooms were incredibly clean and large for NYC. The staff was amazing, especially the Doormen and Bellhops. The location was great-lots of great places to eat nearby. The rooms all have their own little kitchen and there are several grocery stores and delis nearby. We will stay here again soon!!!Loved it, loved it , loved it!!!!!  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>devan
<Content>Great find! I stayed at the Belvedere May 18 - 23. I booked this hotel based on reviews here and I am SO glad I did! It's just as good as everyone says. The value is incomparable. My room had two double beds, a chest, an armoire and desk and there was STILL plenty of room to move around! Not easy to find in New York.Room and bathroom were super-clean and the kitchenette was very handy. I arrived a few hours before check-in but they let me go up to my room right away. I saw others who arrived before their rooms were ready having no problem checking their bags.I loved the location. Very short walk to the major subway lines. Walking distance to the theaters but away from the bustle of Times Square. Very convenient to Restaurant Row (though I stuck mainly with the restaurants along 9th Avenue, which aren't quite as pricey and many are very good). Along with a deli on the corner, you can stock up on gourmet goodies at the Amish Market, a short walk away on 9th Avenue. There's also a Food Emporium and Rite-Aid close by.Yes, the elevators can be a problem depending the time of day, but that's a minor thing compared to what you get for the price you pay. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms as Good as the Waldorf My wife and I stayed at the Belvedere for 4 days just after Thanksgiving 2004. We found all the good things about this hotel to be true, and were extremely pleased with our choice. Here is our experience:Location: Perfectly located just on the fringe of all the action. We walked almost everywhere we wanted to go, and it was especially convenient to the theater district. We went to all the major sights and attractions and never felt like it was too far to walk. The two times we did need a taxi to travel long distances, the wait time outside the hotel was just a couple minutes. It makes a big difference to the volume level of the street to be in this relatively quiet block. In the 4 days we were there, we never heard sirens from the nearby fire station. Hotel Interior and Room: We found everything to be consistently very clean and fresh. The hallways are well lit, very clean and freshly painted. Based on recommendations on this site, we did use the elevators at the end of the hall, and they were generally much quicker than waiting for the main elevator. We were two doors from the main elevator, and we were never bothered by noise, etc. The room size was exactly what you鈥檇 expect for NYC, and it never felt cramped. We used the microwave and fridge everyday as we took advantage of the corner market to get our juice, breakfast, soft drinks and bottled water. The bathroom was as clean as any hotel I鈥檝e been in. After checking out of the Belvedere, I moved to the famous Waldorf=Astoria for several nights on business. Other than a larger closet and complementary robe, I can honestly say the Waldorf guest rooms are no better than the Belvedere. I even thought the bathroom was cleaner at the Belvedere than the Waldorf. The Belvedere is a tremendous value considering the Waldorf charges two to three times more. I鈥檇 also give the edge to the Belvedere since the street sounds you hear in your room are so much less than the honking and commotion around the Waldorf all day long. For anyone looking for a smart value in NYC, the Belvedere is it, hands down.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average just got back. Great hotel, better then we expected. Location is great, just 5 minutes walk from Time Square and metro. Friendly staff.Room was clean every day, big bed and great view on the 16th floor.The only thing that we didn't like was the fact that there are just 2 elevators for all the rooms. When we were in it, it stopped at almost every floor. And a bar in the evening would be nice. But overall: above average!  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay in NYC My partner and I recently stayed at The Belvedere during May 13-May 19, 2005. Our stay was fantastic. The Hotel was in a great location only two blocks from Times Square and close to the subways. The kitchenette came in handy with late night snacks or early morning breakfast. We did not try the Cafe in the Hotel, we were too excited to see the city. We tried the Mexican Resturant next door and if you like mexican food and know what it should taste like then do not go to this place. The service and food were awful. The hotel staff was very helpful going up and beyond to help their guests out.Pros: Great Location, Great Price, Good Room Size for NYC, Easy access to Resturant Row and Times Square and Broadway shows, Very Helpful Staff. Cons: The Housekeeping cleaned our room daily, they just forgot to put face-cloths in our bathroom, ask and you will get some from the front desk right away. NO big deal.We have already booked a room to stay at the Belvedere again in December.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Belvedere is an ideal loaction to explore NY, central Manhattan is all within easy walking distance. Rooms were clean, staff friendly and helpful. Drawback no lounge to sit and rest in after a long days sightseeing. Breakfasts were expensive but there is a great local deli just around the corner, go there to feel like a real New Yorker and get great food at half the hotel price. All the locals went there is tells you something.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>t13nif
<Content>Absolutely perfect I stayed at the Belvedere with my elderly mother May 7-12. We arrived late Saturday night and were given a room on the back side of the hotel, on the third floor. The check-in staff were extremely polite, friendly and professional (much to my surprise, having been prepared for some New York abruptness). The room was non-smoking and smelled that way-- unlike some non-smoking rooms which smell like ashtrays. Everything was spotlessly clean. The 2 double beds were very comfortable and there was an extra blanket and pillow in the large closet. The kitchenette was very handy for coffee making in the morning and keeping bottled water cool for siteseeing. We had the full brunch in the cafe on Sunday morning and even though we arrived 20 minutes before it ended, the food was fresh and excellent. The room was extremely quiet at night--i have quite a bit more street noise in my apartment in the suburbs of Vancouver. The room temp was fine, not too hot or cold and i was also pleased to find full cable television. We never had one problem with the elevators and the staff were always very helpfull and friendly. I am sooo glad i found this website and was able to book this hotel. I will not hesitate to stay here again and will recommend it to anyone and everyone. My only fear is that they will realize how great they are and raise the prices :).  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, great room but got to fix those lifts! This hotel really is as good as others say it is. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff are friendly. Times Square is but a few minutes walk away, as are shops, bars, restaurants and the bus tour stops. And there's a superb little deli on the corner. I would have given five out of five except for the barely visible crack in the basin in the kitchen and the fact that after a day or two one of the lifts broke down, which caused a bit of delay for guests trying to check out. I spoke to a fellow guest who told me he'd been coming to The Belvedere for many years and the lifts were always breaking down. Oh, and you have to pay to play the Nintendo on your TV set. (But then who has time to play Nintendo when New York is outside? Not me!) Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially to first time visitors.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wrong room.....again I can recommend this hotel for everything-location, comfort, facilities etc., only thing that marred our stay was for the second time in NY, when checking in was given the wrong room. When booking 3 months earlier I specifically requested a double double room,ie. 2 beds (confirmed), only to be told on arrival that they did not have one available and allocated a one bed suite for the first night. We had a rollaway bed sent up which filled the sitting area and was far from comfortable. The following day we had to vacate this room and take our luggage down to the foyer for storage until after 4pm that day when our requested room would be ready. This meant we had no room to return during the day and it was after waiting in Reception from 4pm-4.45pm that we finally were able to unpack our cases. For a short stay in NY we could have spent our time a lot better. On examining the bill we found that we had actually been charged extra for the suite! I advise anyone with particular requirements to double check before travelling. As stated earlier this is the 2nd time this has happened to us (different hotel 1st time). I wonder if it is only overseas visitors who are treated this way. Would like to point out that no apologies were made.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MicheleNY
<Content>A perfect retreat after a day/night in New York City My boyfriend and I were planning a night out in the city, so after reading the reviews online, I reserved a night for us at The Belvedere. We live an hour train ride away, but since it was going to be a long night, I thought as long as I found a good place, we would spend the night. And I did! The price was right and the location couldn't have been better. As soon as we arrived, the courteous staff checked us in with no delay. I had asked for a room higher up with a view, so when we finally reached the 16th floor, I was thinking maybe I should have asked for a lower room. But I'm happy I didn't...the room was clean and spacious with a lovely view. The air conditioning made the room comfortable and blocked out any noise from the streets below.  My only complaints are that there is only one ice machine (on the 2nd floor) and as soon as I stepped off the elevator, it looked like a run-down apartment complex. I realized the higher up I went, it seemed cleaner and quieter. So if you don't mind waiting for the elevator and walking a bit for ice, ask for a room above the 10th. And they only give you three pillows for a queen/king, so unless you feel like having a tug-a-war in the middle of the night, call down for extras! The Belvedere is right off of Broadway, so it took us less than five minutes to get to our comedy show at Carolines. And the hotel is just around the block from Restaurant Row (47th), where anything and everything is being served, you just have to make up your mind. The hotel is also right next to a mexican restaurant, and being that it was cinco de mayo, we enjoyed a few margaritas before returning to our comfortable room. After a long night of fun, it was a perfect retreat. And check out time is 12:00, so we were able to sleep in a little longer before making a train home.  Being that we live close to New York City, it was one of the few times I have stayed over. But the next time I do, I will be sure to stay at The Belvedere.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Midtown Hotel My wife, child and I stayed at the Belevedere for 6 nights on our first trip to the Big Apple. It was a wonderful place to go after wearing ourselves out sightseeing. The location was fantastic, as we could return easily for an hour or two of rest before heading out again. Near subways (we took the A train from JFK and back), Broadway theaters, Times Square, and Central Park. One of the best features was the kitchenette, which consisted of a mini-fridge and a microwave. Not a gourmet kitchen, but plenty to store cold beverages and left-overs. This feature saved us quite a few dollars in wasted food.Next time we visit NYC, we'll try to stay there again.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Boiled Egg Controversy Checking in and out were fine and the reservation I made through their website was confirmed. The rooms are a bit shabby and old, but it's New York and $160 - $180 per night, which is what I paid, wasn't bad for what I got. (Of course the lobby was the fanciest part of the hotel).The biggest problem I had with the place was their breakfast cafe and the way they completely ripped me off. A misunderstanding occured between me and the hostess (who was rude and welcomed people to the cafe in a glaring sort of way) about two boiled eggs. Having ordered the continental breakfast, I wrongly thought that boiled eggs were included with the continenal breakfast since they were next to the juice and coffee bar. The hostess simply came over and said that those eggs were not included in the continental breakfast. I replied by saying: Oh, I didn't know. I apologize. Thinking that it would be pointless to even ask if she wanted me to put them back (major health code violations), I didn't say anything beyond that. She said nothing in response. Not even a I'll have to charge you for a full breakfast or anything like that. Being from a more laid-back city, I took that to mean she would just take my apology as a simple mistake (as I didn't intentionally try to take things that weren't included in the smaller breakfast) and not charge me for a full breakfast. Much to my surprise and disgust, she charged me five extra dollars for those two of the most dry and drab boiled eggs I'd ever eaten! I refused to sign for the meal with that extra charge and asked to see her manager. Handily, he was not there at the time. Being in a rush to get to a conference uptown, I had to leave and figured I would deal with the issue at checkout time. When that time came, I explained the misunderstanding to the front desk rep and she said she could make an adjustment on my bill. However, she then noticed that the property manager had actually made a note in there saying not to adjust my meal charge! Just absolute frustration at something so silly.In short, the behavior I encountered at this hotel really turned me off to New York as it kind of reinforced the big city stereo types of being hustlers and super-sticklers. If I ever venture to New York again, I will be certain to NOT stay at the Belevedere or any of its affiliated hotels. They may have gotten an extra 5 bucks out of me this time but they will never get another $1,000 from me or anyone I know who is going to New York. Thanks for reading this review.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware, the hotel overbooks and will bump your room I had a prepaid reservation at the Belvedere Hotel, and when I arrived, they informed me that they accidently overbooked their rooms, and that they made a courtesy reservation at one of their sister hotels 15 blocks away. However, they told me that I would have to pay for a room at the Park Central Hotel, which was $250 ( $112 more than what i was paying at Belvedere.) I was so upset, they did not seem to care. They gave me a $5 bill for the taxi ride, that was it. When I arrived at the Park Central, they told me their rooms were $299. I had to fight with them too. It was aweful.I had stayed at Belvedere once before and it was ok, but after this trip, I will never go back again. There were a few others that they had done this to, I was not the only one. Many people were very upset this past Saturday night. It was clearly the worst customer service experience that I have ever had in my life.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to visit again! I used this site to book this hotel given it's high popularity rating and low price and I am so thrilled with the choice, it will be where we stay for any future visits to NYC! There is a lot of talk in the reviews about it being a budget hotel but personally, to me a budget hotel is something entirely different than this. Our room was bigger than I expected and was very comfortable and clean. The staff was very courteous and helpful. The only improvement I could imagine would be room service - but there are restaurants and markets nearby that are open late (check out Food Emporium on 49th and 8th.) I concur with the elevator commentary - on the 14th floor we waited a little but was really the least of my concern.Save your money for having fun and stay at the Belvedere!  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Belvedere felt like a 5 star hotel!! I have traveled to New York many times for business in the past 10 years and usually stayed at the Crowne Plaza. This was a vacation trip and my first time staying at the Belvedere Hotel. My Mother and I went for 3 nights and I can't think of one complaint! This was one of the best hotel experiences I have had. I was expecting at least the elevators to be slow from previous reviews I read, but I never experienced any problems with them. As for the noise, well this is New York you are not staying in the country. The street noise was never excessive and never kept us up. You can always run the fan or air conditioner in your room. The staff was superb! and the rooms were magnificent! Everything was spotless!!! It is a nice size room and bath. You can't ask for a better location or room for the price. You are close to everything and it is a very safe street. I will definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York and when I go back this is where I will be staying. They offer a breakfast brunch and a continental breakfast that is reasonably priced. There is also a very clean deli that is open 24 hours, down the street (only 4 buildings away) so if you want anything you can get it.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended I stayed at the Belvedere from 7th to 12th May with my elderly Mother. I was a little concerned about reviews I had read regarding the lifts etc however we were both delighted with the accommodation and staff and had no problems with the lifts. They are quite small and slow at busy times but then they would be in any hotel. The rooms are a little shabby but were clean and comfortable. Bedding and towels were changed daily and the room was also cleaned daily. Apparently some rooms have been refurbished so may be worth asking about them.The breakfast in the hotel cafe was excellent value offering two options, cold buffet or hot buffet. Location was excellent, very near 'restaraunt row' and theatreland. Easy walking to Times Square and within a short taxi ride to many 'must see' locations.I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, very good value for money.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!         
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>12688
<Content>Great Value...Great Location            
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kelz
<Content>Fantastic hotel!!! Satyed at the Belvedere for 7 nights at the end of April. Shared a double/double room with my brother. The room was large and very clean. Decent sized toilet and a brilliant kitchenette (although I was aware on the kitchenette, it was so much better than I expected).The hotel has been recently refurbished and look very nice. Every member of staff were very friendly and good at their jobs, just remember to have your dollar bills ready for giving out tips!Location wise the hotel is REALLY GOOD. Near Times square, subways, tour buses, restaurants..........The elevators are a little slow, but it would only annoy you if you stayed on a high floor and had to use them. We were on the 3rd floor so just took the stairs. Overall I would highly recommend the Belvedere and when I come back to New York I'd easily stay here again. This hotel is supposed to be a 2 star, if it were in Britain it would be a 3 1/2 - 4 star!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Piper39
<Content>Wonderful Hotel,Wonderful Location! Stayed at The Belvedere Hotel with my daughter from April 26/05- April29/05 and my only complaint was that we did'nt book a few more days.The staff was great and the location was perfect! I plan on returning to New York next year and would definitely stay at The Belvedere again.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable The Belvedere Hotel might not be a luxury hotel with lots of restaurants, facilities and perfect views. It is, however, a great place to stay at a surprisingly low cost. I would reccommend, in fact I have recommended, this hotel to anyone visiting New York on a budget. If I ever go back this is where I shall stay.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for money We have just returned from our four nights stay at the Belvedere and were extremely impressed. The rooms were extremely clean and well kept. The hotel is located two blocks from Times Square and within easy walking distance of most attractions. The staff were also very polite and helpful. Excellent value for money and would definately recommend it to anybody considering visiting New York.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>geepee
<Content>well worth the good reviews Myself, wife and 22 year old Daughter stayed here for 5 nights from April 30th in a 2x double bedded room. [1028] Very clean good size room, small useful kitchen area, great coffee maker, but no kettle for tea, good size fridge and microwave. Bathroom small but clean, good hot water, good shower, clean good towels every day.There are four lifts, two in the centre and one at each end of the corridors.Check in was easy we arrived at 12.30 pm and they had a room ready.We had breakfast on the first morning and wish we had,nt the 'hot' food was cold after complaining they only charged us for a continental about 13 dollars each, don't eat here instead, turn left out of the hotel, cross over 8th avenue and eat at the Pigalle,on 8th ave under the Days Hotel, far better food,service and price, we even eat there twice in the evening, great French type food at a good price.This hotel is in a great location, shops, bars, subway stations, restaurants all around, book it with confidence  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value, Excellent Location I had heard horror stories of tiny cramped rooms in NYC hotels. I didn't want to spend a fortune, so the Belvedere looked ok. My daughter, my sister and I booked a room with 2 double beds, and I didn't expect much, but we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was very nice, the rooms were large and had a mini kitchenette with microwave and refrigerator. It was nicely decorated and very clean. The staff was helpful and friendly. We were able to check in early and they held our bags after checkout so we could see our play and then take the train. Will definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maddmax
<Content>good value Excellent location. Small kitchenette area with fridge, microwave and sink are a real plus. Will stay here again. Excellent value for money.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank You Tripadvisor When beginning our search for a Manhattan hotel for our first trip to New York we read of all the horror stories of people having to keep their socks on whenever in their room because of the dirty conditions. We searched the tripadvisor reviews and found that the Belvedere was the highest rated hotel that was within our budget. We booked but were still nervous. Then spoke with a co-worker who had previously stayed at the Belvedere and they raved about it. When we got there we were still pleasantly surprised. The room was fantastically clean and bigger than we expected. It wasn't huge but was plenty big with a desk and seating area. The room was in great condition with nice tile and carpet. Bathroom was modern and there was plenty of hot water. Our room was next to the elevator and I was apprehensive about noises during the night. No problem. We did hear occasional sirens from outside during the night but that must be expected and we did not hear any traffic noise. No noises from within the hotel bothered us at all.The location is fantastic. Within walking distance to all of the theaters, Time Square, subways, Empire State Building, St. Patricks Cathedral, and most importantly to my wife - Tiffany's.Great accomodations and value. We're already planning our next trip to the Big Apple and will definitely be staying at the Belvedere.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tourists
<Content>A good choice! We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Belvedere which was excellent! We booked because of the reviews on TripAdvisor and you guys didnt let us down.The rooms are fantastic (try and get one on the top - 17th - floor) they're very clean and in good repair. The beds are massive and really comfy, the bathrooms are spacious and fully equipped. The staff are efficient and pleasant, plus, there's always a doorman on duty so you feel very safe at all times.The area is a little more 'Times Square' than we'd have hoped for i.e. not as residential or moneyed as Midtown East, however, you get a lot for your money.For a superb and inexpensive massive, tasty American breakfast try the Edison Cafe at the Edison Hotel on West 47th, Broadway  8th (2 minute walk).Forget Restaurant Row for dinner, but do pop in to 'Don't tell Mama' (West 46th St) to hear currently-out-of-work Broadway stars sing a tune for free! What a scream - its a bit camp but hey!You should also try and squeeze in Sunday brunch at Oscars cafe at the Waldorf Astoria (Park Ave), its not expensive and the eggs benedict is delicious.Try and do the Empire State at dusk-into-night - you get several excellent and different views of the city in one go. Also try and get tickets online to see a baseball game, at either the Mets or the Yankees' stadium. Whatever you do, dont go to Smith  Wollensky's famous steak house (3rd Ave). The steaks are charred and acrid and you pay $40 for the priviledge. A side order will set you back a further $10 per head.The shopping isnt as great as we'd hoped - but you can pick up some great bargains at TJ Maxx on Ave of the Americas and Macy's if there's a sale on.The best tip we have is - take a yellow cab, everywhere - its a few bucks and you save your feet and a lot of time!  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere is the Best Choice!!!! We just returned from our first trip to New York City and are so glad we chose the Belvedere! We had a group of 4 women and stayed from April 12-19. We had a room with 2 double beds and it fit all of us AND our luggage with no problem. The location of the hotel is central to EVERYTHING you could want to do while visiting the city. Just a short walk to Times Square, subway, restaurants, and theaters. We had a problem with our A/C and they sent someone to our room in minutes. The staff was always friendly and willing to help at all times!When we visit NYC again (which will hopefully be soon), we will stay at the Belvedere!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GilaIsrael
<Content>great location, unpleasant staff, elevator problem This was my second stay at the hotel and the 2 main problems were not solved. The elevators are crowded most of the time, with one of the 2 out of order for about half of the time. Since it is a 17 storey hotel, it is a very serious problem. I had to drag my two suitcases down the stairs from the 5th floor, because even the bell boy could not make it on time (I am a 60+ lady!).The frontdesk staff were sometimes unfriendly (in contrast, the bell boys were very helpful). We asked to store part of our luggage as we were going to Washington for several days and returning to the same hotel. The manager would not hear of it and did not suggest any solution to our problem. (We found out that we could store it at Penn Station, but he did not tell us about it).Part of the rooms were renovated but in the others the carpets need urgent cleaning. The bathrooms are fine. The kitchenette (one of the reasons I came back to this hotel) has a microwave, coffee-maker and small fridge and sink. Very convenient. The location is great (the other reason for my staying at this hotel).If they solve the elevator problem and hire nicer people, I may return.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Giffgirl
<Content>Fabulous stay I'm a little late in writing, but I have recommended this hotel so many times that I thought I should weigh in. I lived in NYC for 10+ years so staying at a hotel was not easy. The Belvedere was great. We have a view, a room and bath big enough to walk in...quite a feat in NYC...and it is close to everything. You really can't find a better hotel for the price in this fine city! Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tpipkin2
<Content>Really liked the Belvedere!!! My friend and I just returned from a five night stay at the Belvedere Hotel.4-15-05 til 4-20-05.We were totally surprised by the good size and quality of our (2) double bed room. It was very clean and well maintained. Housekeeping was excellent. The elevator was a little slow sometimes, but that was no problem. The staff was more than accomodating and very friendly. We would gladly stay at the Blevedere again. We met friendly people everywhere we went. Everyone was glad to give directions. One man even escorted us accross Central park to Tavern on the Green.(excellent dining experiance$$)Most restaurants are expensive, but we split dinners for a small fee ($3.00 to 10.00).Our favorites were,Broadway Joe's, Roxys, Maxis,Tavern on the Green Ellen's Stardust Diner. We had great food everywhere we ate.The highlight of our trip was going to the theater to see Phantom of the Opera at the Majestic Theater. It was magical and totally awesome.We felt totally safe everywhere we went, from the double decker bus to the subway to walking on Times Square and Broadway.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BCA
<Content>Belvedere better than expected My 13 yr old daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere over school vacation in April. I booked it because the rates were good and the reviews seemed good. I did tell my daughter that it was a budget hotel and not to expect much BUT we were both pleasantly surprised! It was a great choice. The location was perfect and we were able to get early check in. They held our bags on our last day while we were out and about before our train back home.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Pak
<Content>Excellent Hotel I stayed at this hotel for two days on business. The location of this hotel is great being so close to Times Square. The staff are very friendly and took time to giving me help with getting around the city. The rooms are a good size and have been done out nicely. The only gripe I had in my room was the noisy airconditioner. Breakfast was also very good. Overall I thought the Belvedere offered excellent value for money.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tiggy_Bermuda
<Content>Belvedere was Great! Location, Price, and Service! Friends and I stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights. So close to Times Square and Subway lines. The room was big (two Queen beds) and cleaned well each day. The kitchenette was a bonus - we weren't expecting it and was great to have a fridge to store a small carton of milk for our morning and afternoon tea! The reception staff were wonderful, allowing us to stay in the room and watch a movie until we had to leave for the airport (late check-out). For the price, this is an excellent value and I would stay or recommend it again!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gurt111
<Content>great location We booked this hotel after reading comments on Tripadviser, the hotel is in an excellent location, rooms clean and comfortable. Bellboys an excellent source of information and cant do enough for you. The kitchenette was very handy especially when you have small children. Ask at reception for the Pizza menu for Tony's, after a busy day we were really to tired to go out so had pizza delivered, it was one of the nicest pizzas we have ever had!Only complaint we had was even though we were on the seventh floor we were overlooking FDNY station, which woke us up a few times - but hey you are in New York so you should expect it!Am going back to New York in the summer will definatly use the Belvedere hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nybor666
<Content>Quite OK but not special We had two rooms here for a week in April 05. It's clean, it's mostly well run (we had a few gripes, nothing very serious, such as long waits for the elevators; cramped and somewhat old-fashioned bathrooms; a failure to fix a fault we reported). It's an acceptable and pleasant hotel. But it really isn't as special as most reviewers here seem to think. We've found better elsewhere in mid-town in the past. One tip: for a very good-value breakfast with fine service, head round the corner to the Olympic Diner at 807 8th Ave.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RATSOMATIC
<Content>Good value, great location Stayed here with my family over Easter. Hotel good value for money in a convenient location (near Broadway, Times Square). Lobby was smart and reception staff friendly. Room was a bit dark and my only criticism was that the bathroom was in need of refurbishment and also a fan as no window. However, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this as a good tourist class hotel  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LFL1195
<Content>Value for Money We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Belvedere. Over-all, we consider this an excellent hotel for the money. Like others have said, our few beefs were:1. slow and crowded elevators2. very warm temperatures in the room3. beds a bit hardHowever, one of the elvators was out of order for the first two days of our stay and things improved considerably once it was fixed.There was an air conditioner in the window, and even though it was cool outside, we felt we needed to turn it on regardless of the time of year.I really liked having the kitchenette and especially liked that it was out of the way and it didn't feel like it was right in your bedroom.The location was perfect. We walked everywhere. Had breakfast every day at the Olympic restaurant around the corner and picked up our room snacks and drinking water at the Food Emporium across the street (from the restaurant not the hotel). We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>driverbros
<Content>Very Impressed - The Place To Stay! We were told about this hotel by some friends as we (my girlfriend [22] and I [24]) needed somewhere quite central to stay.We read the good reveiws on Trip Advisor and decided to take the advice of many. It was my first time in NY and girlfriends' 4th time, so i was really looking forward to it!The hotel is perfectly placed, right in the centre of things (a block or so away from Times Square!) but still quiet, the rooms was spacious and very clean.All hotel staff were pleasant and helpful.The bathroom was a good size with a nice shower and bath and plenty of towels!!I really haven't got anything else to say, other that i would recommend this hotel to anyone else.It was ideal. I don't want anything else from a hotel-it had everything!, and i know where i'm staying next time..... The Belvedere.Steve.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! great hotel for the price, i really reco this hotel! It's not the Ritz, but guess what, for a really cheap price you get: a clean, quiet room with comfortable beds; walking distance of Times Square, Theatre District, Rockefeller Center, Museum of Modern Art, St. Patrick's Cathedral, etc.; a nice restaurant in the hotel that serves great breakfasts (didn't stick around for lunch or dinner, so can't give you any info about that); polite staff; really helpful bellboys (getting cabs for us, etc....please just remember to tip the bellboys when they help you out, though--I saw a lot of tourists not doing this, and they should!!!).I stayed here with 5 family members during a week in March 2005. This seems like mostly a tourist hotel and there were a lot of school groups, it seemed. Despite the number of tourists, it was quiet in the hallways and we were able to get good nights sleep. The hotel is in a nice, safe area and I would definitely return.This is not a high price hotel, but it is more than worth the price. They could probably charge more for this hotel and get away with it!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent accommodation in a central location I have just returned from a three night stay at the Belvedere with my niece. This is a great hotel which is sited very close to Times Square - an excellent location. We arrived at 11.15 am and only waited 20 mins before we were allocated a room - pretty efficient seeing that check in time is 3.00 pm. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. The bedroom was located on the 5th floor and was spacious and in excellent decorative order with a little kitchenette. Everywhere was super clean and was cleaned thoroughly every day. They serve a buffet breakfast - which I can recommend as you can fill up for the day and then eat again in the evening. There are lots of deli's and restaurants nearby. It is worth buying a ticket on the sight-seeing bus for $49 for 48 hrs - make sure you do the night tour - fantastic. Before going to New York I did a lot of research of hotels on Trip Advisor and taking comments and the rating number decided on the Belvedere and I am sure glad I did. You can pay a lot more money for a hotel stay but you will not get better, friendlier service in a superb tourist hotel. I am going to Florence in June and have chosen my hotel, again from Trip Advisor, so I am hoping I will be pleasantly surprised again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>crisssbit
<Content>Loved the Belvedere We spent a week in March at this hotel. We chose it after reading the reviews on this website.It was fantastic! Just 3 min. from Times Square, and two blocks from the nearest Subway station (50th street). Yes, there is a FDNY station house at the corner with the 8 Ave, but it wasn't a bother, even if our room was at the third floor.There are a lot of restaurants nearby. Anyway, The Food Emporium on the 8th Ave was perfect for breakfast!The room was big, two double beds, a small clean bathroom with tub/shower and a kitchenette. Beds were very comfortable. In the room there were a desk with lamp, two phones, an alarm clock, TV, Nintendo, safety box, and a hairdryer in the bathroom.The staff was helpful and very nice. After checking-out, we left the luggage at the hotel, so we could buy the last souverinrs at Times Square.There is also a souvenir shop at the Lobby level: you can find stamps for your postcards there.Overall we had a great time here and no problems at all!!For our next trip to New York City, we will choose the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Deal For the price, you can't beat this hotel. I second what everyone else has said, except my one gripe is this: I was there with just me and my 4 year old daughter. One night after she'd taken a bath and I was exhausted, I called down to get us drinks (soda, juice). They do have a souvenir shop with snacks, and they have a kitchen obviously since the serve breakfast, but I was told I'd have to come down myself to purchase something. So, I did, and when I asked to charge it to my room I was told I had to pay right then, because it was not actually part of the hotel? The breakfast is really good, and the hotel is not only close to things but easy to navigate back and forth on foot. I will definitely stay there again next Christmas, but I'll make sure that I stock our fridge at check in :-)  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>busterbrown
<Content>Location, location, location Stayed here for $130/nt from 3/26 -4/2 which was reserved back in October. After considering staying in other areas (Upper West Side, Midtown East), we were happy we stayed near Times Square. We otherwise probably would not have gotten tickets to see The Late Show with David Letterman, or Hairspray for $25 last minute! The Belvedere is close to the energy of Times Square, good restaurants, and many attractions. It was great to have the option to walk or take the subway to see other parts of NYC since it was easy to do either from the hotel. Extra nice to return to a clean, comfortable room with strong shower after long days. The kitchenette was a real plus for us too. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb Stayed at the Belvadere from March 25th for 4 nights. Despite the one or two negative comments from other contributors...we loved everything about it. The booking of it (from this site) was easy, the price was good and adhered to. All of the staff were so friendly INCLUDING ALL RECEPTION STAFF. We could not fault this hotel at all. We were amazed we were so close to times square (2mins walk) and a further 3 mins from the subway (50th St). The restaurants nearby were fine but you must also try other places such as Chinatown or Little Italy. ALso some great bars nearby were welcomed.On Easter Sunday we walked from the hotel to Cental Park (about 10-15 mins).OK the lifts are slow....but so what!! We were on holiday...Our rooms were big (2 double beds), and were cleaned each day. The coffe maker was valued (but could have done with more cream) ...we loved every moment in NY...and we would return to the Belvadere tomorrow if we could.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Make the Belvedere your first choice!!! Believe the hype! For an exceptional price, we got a clean spacious room with two comfortable double beds. The kitchenette with microwave and refrigerator was especially handy for storing and reheating leftovers, and snacks. (During my intial research, I found that most NYC hotels were tiny and didn't have as much as a mini-bar.) Everything you need is within two blocks of the hotel - Times Square, subways, buses, post office, dozens of restaurants, and convenience stores. The staff were attentive, pleasant, and polite. The Cafe serves a delicious breakfast in lovely booths with art-deco styled scalloped seating. It's true that the main elevators are slow - but there are also elevators at the end of the hall that aren't slow at all. The room can get a little warm but it cools quickly by opening the window or turning on the A/C. Consult the website for reservations and specials - for under $160 we were able to get the room AND free buffet breakfast at the Cafe for the entire length of our stay. If you're on a budget and would rather spend money on sightseeing and shopping, the Belvedere is the absolute best value. You don't have to sacrifice quality to save money...  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JaneinCordoba
<Content>Brilliant Belvedere We booked through expedia in September after reading the reviews on this site. We stayed in the Belvedere from 21st to 27th March and booked a room for three. We arrived at around 2pm from the Aer Lingus morning Dublin flight and our room was ready, although check in isn鈥檛 officially until 4pm. The room was no smoking, very clean and spacious, with two double beds. There was a safe in the wardrobe which was easy to use. TV reception for all channels was fine-we mainly watched the weather channel for up to date information before we planned our day! The bathroom had a powershower-hot water all day. If you want them to, the room will be cleaned and the towels changed every day. Fridge, microwave and coffee maker were very handy-we bought bottled water and beer from the one of the shops around the corner.We were on the 4th floor (406) and it was very quiet-we heard no noise from neighbouring rooms or anywhere else on the corridor and there was little noise from the street outside. Some other reviews on this site have commented on the elevators being slow; we took the stairs every day so the only day we noticed this was when we took our luggage down on the last day, so I鈥檇 allow an extra 10 minutes for this if you鈥檙e leaving in the morning.The room was always warm but as it was about 5 degrees C we didn鈥檛 mind this. The receptionists were very helpful and we booked the taxi to the airport through them. We also held our luggage over for a couple of hours on the last morning. The hotel is very central to everything. We didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel so I can鈥檛 comment on this.This was my second visit to New York and I鈥檇 previously stayed in the Milford Plaza-the Belvedere is so much better and I would highly recommend it. Clean, comfortable and quiet-what more do you want?In the vicinity鈥?. For a very cheap light breakfast I鈥檇 recommend The Food Emporium (turn left out of the hotel then left again at the top of the road and it鈥檚 across the street). You can get croissants, bagels etc and sit in and eat them. For a lazy dinner, try The Sombrero two doors down from the hotel, a very reasonable Mexican restaurant, and then go for drinks afterwards in The Social (left at the bottom of the street).  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere (not the reception staff, though!) I recently stayed at the Belvedere with my mother (I was encouraged by the reviews here on the Trip Advisor website) and we were not disappointed. I saw from some reviews that it's advisable to stay on a floor as high up as possible so the noise from the street (especially the fire trucks from the fire station on 8th Avenue) don't disturb you so much. I asked to stay in a room on a floor higher than the 12th floor and got a lovely comfortable room on the 14th floor (could barely hear the fire trucks from up there, but the street was fairly quiet anyway). The room was a generous size compared to most you get in Manhattan and the fantastic bonus was the kitchenette complete with fridge, coffee maker and microwave oven. My mother is Type 2 Diabetic and so it was very handy to have this facility on tap as we could make sure we were stocked up on snacks for her to keep her blood sugar levels stable. We had two very comfortable double beds, clock radio alarm, television featuring pay-per-view movies and music and a lovely bathroom. The staff - from the maids to the concierge to the doorman couldn't be more helpful and polite, but here's the one weak link in the chain - the reception/check-in staff. They had a brusque, barely civil attitude which somewhat let down an otherwise perfect stay. It wasn't that I encountered one bad apple, as two or three of the reception/check-in staff had an attitude problem and it seemed like they were having to tolerate you instead of wanting to be helpful and make you feel welcome, which is the most important aspect of a hotel receptionist/check-in person. There was also a small discrepancy in the final bill which was rectified after I queried it, but again, with an attitude, and the receptionist charged my credit card with the amount quoted on the bill before I agreed to it, then reimbursed the incorrect amount once they realised a mistake had been made on their part. Anyway, that's the only one flaw in the whole stay. I would still go back to stay there anytime and would recommend anyone else to do so too. The location is extremely central and very accessible. Superb value for money.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st Trip to NYC was wonderful thanks to The Belvedere My husband gave our daughter (16) and I a 2 night trip to NYC for valentines day. We could not have had a better time. The hotel staff, from door man, bell man, front desk, concierge, maintenance, to housekeeping were top notch. Very convenient location, with wonderful Italian restaurants nearby, Sofia's and La Masseria (only 1/2 block down). It was great. So close to many broadway theatres and sightseeing tours. A great location within easy walking distance of many locations. Can't wait to go back to NYC and stay at the Belvedere again!My only disappointment was that we could not stay longer, especially for the St. Patrick's Day parade.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pdxgirl51
<Content>Loved The Belvedere My son and I spent 5 days (3/5 through 3/10) at the Belvedere Hotel and loved it. Our room the first night was noisy but the hotel staff was very accomodating in getting our room changed to a higher floor and that made the remainder of our stay quite enjoyable. We also had a problem with the TV and that was also remedied quickly. The hotel is in a great location, just two blocks from Times Square and not far from subway and bus, and cabs are always near the door. The rooms are clean and a good size. The bathroom is small but adequate with tub, shower and plenty of towels. The bell staff and concierge were very helpful with directions and recommendations. The restaurant on 49th Street, Plataforma was wonderful. The hotel is two blocks from Restaurant Row and I would also recommend Becco Restaurant. I would definitely stay at the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small The rooms are really quite small. If you plan on site-seeing then this is the hotel to stay at. All you really need is a bed and a television. The staff however were extremely knowledgeable and helpful. The price for a weekend stay however was a little pricey. It is located within walking distance from all of the attractions and is surrounded by various restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely hotel - bizarre incident I was in New York with my best friend for her 40th birthday and a fitness conference on 3/9  3/10. Much to my pleasant surprise, I found the Belvedere to be very convenient to Times Square (where the conference was located) and many other great places. The food places they referred us to were also terrific. This hotel was lovely and convenient, but I was just disappointed in a few issues such as we had to ask to have the sheets changed when we arrived because they did not appear to be clean and another issue that according to the rules of these postings I am not allowed to report any criminal activity so I'll just say that I did feel safe in the hotel dispite the crime scene tape on the door of the room on the 3rd floor when you exited the elevator. The room was spacious and decorated quite nicely and it was a quiet hotel. The refridgerator and microwave were a nice amenity too. I only hope that in the future if anything like that happens again they have the good sense to tell everyone the same story regarding the crime scene tape or perhaps just remove the tape from the door when the investigation ended.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Frogwalters
<Content>Excellent Location and great quality hotel We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Belvedere Hotel and it was an extremely pleasant experience. The hotel location is great, just a few blocks from Times Square and the subway (which is safe as long as you are careful) is around the corner. Great for catching a Broadway show as all the theatres are on your doorstep (Good Vibrations is fantastic but don't go to see Movin' Out - it is awful). The rooms are small but have everything you need including a coffee jug, fridge and microwave, iron, safe and alarm clock. The room had a very comfy bed and the TV has about 20 or so US channels. You can watch movies but they cost around 12 dollars.The bathroom is small but very clean and has a great power shower. I did find the walls quite thin, but then NY is noisy anyway from the roads so it wasn't a problem (we had a 16th floor room which had fab views).We did a lot of research on the internet to find a good quality hotel for around 拢80 per room per night, and found this one on crshotels.com. We checked out the reviews on trip advisor and saw that it looked fine and it was!I am an extremely fussy traveller and found this 3 star hotel exactly what it is - 3 star and ideal as a base for exploring NY. You always return to a clean and tidy room which is lovely and warm!!! (There was air con for the summer too). The staff were really helpful too. :)If you are looking for a place for breakfast not far from this hotel, the Seattle Cafe just off 7th Avenue and 51st Street (3 minute walk) has the best selection of breakfasts. We were having eggs, toast, home potatoes and a tea of coffee for 3 dollars each!!!! The cakes are out of this world, what's more - it is open 24 hours.Bubba Gumps is great - the shrimps are out of this world.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iloveholidays25
<Content>Brilliant hotel My boyfriend and I booked this hotel after reading the good reviews here on TripAdvisor, and we weren't disappointed. We requested a view and were given a lovely corner room with two double beds, two windows and plenty of space. The room was cleaned every day, and we never had any problems with feeling too cold or too hot. The shower was fantastic, the hot water didn't run out, and the kitchenette was handy. In spite of being located next to the service elevator we weren't disturbed and were generally very satisfied. The staff were helpful, polite and friendly and were happy to give local advice when asked. Breakfast was very nice, although as with most hotels quite expensive. I don't understand how anyone could complain about this hotel - obviously it's not a 5 star hotel, but it's nonetheless very comfortable. I've stayed in far more expensive hotels that weren't a patch on it. English people will find it similar to a Holiday Inn type hotel. The best way I can endorse the hotel is to say that next time we visit New York we'll definitely stay at The Belvedere again!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rascal22
<Content>Great hotel, superb location Great hotel and excellent location. Staff was friendly and very accommodating. We walked just about every where because the hotel was centrally located. About two blocks from the hotel there is a a restaurant, Thalia's, that was absolutely magnificent. We ate at Tavern on the Green and The View at the Marriott but neither of these places were as good as Thalia's. We plan on returning to New York City in the fall and will stay at the Belvedere again. Highly recommend it. We had read that the elevators were slow but we did not experience any problems.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveleralso
<Content>great location, satisfactory room Stayed here last weekend with a group. I hosted a group of 30 travelers (14 rooms) and used this site to find accommodations. The price and location can't be beat. The rooms were fine with the exception of very hard mattresses. The fridge, coffeemaker and microwave in the room were nice to have expecially for early morning risers. The front desk staff were pleasant and helpful. The best thing about this place is the location. Only a block from Broadway but quieter because it isn't right in the middle of all the hub bub. We walked to our Broadway show, to Times Square, subway, restaurants, etc, - all very easily. I would recommend this hotel and will stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay better hotels in the area This hotel is average and not much more than that. I travel to the city often and have been to many hotels as well. This one for the area is fairly well priced but there are nicer hotels closer to the action of times square. The worst about this hotel was the very thin walls. Could not sleep because of noisy neighbors coming in late. Rooms are decent size and so is the bathroom. The hallways are a little smelly and the elevators run slow. The frontdesk is helpful however and once again average for the price. I would think a few days at this hotel would be okay but not too many days. Overall okay!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MrJohn1960
<Content>Great location Stayed in February and what a great location, only 5 minutes from Times Square. Arrived mid-day but room was available so they let us in immediately. Only complaint, bathroom was far too small.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above and Beyond! My boyfriend and I took a red eye flight and arrived at JFK at 8:30am. By the time we got to the Belvedere it was 11:00am and we were just exhausted. We didn't think they would have a room available for us, but they did!!! The room was very clean with nice decor. The one down side was we had a corner room with 2 windows and it was very drafty and cold, however we called down to the desk and they sent someone up immediatly to fix the situation and called an hour later to check and make sure everything was ok. Wow! Then we went down to the consierge, Allen! He was amazing. Such a great help with places to go eat and the best way to get around. The location is wonderful! Not right in the heart of things but close enough to walk to everything! The whole experience was above and beyond what we had hoped for!!! We will definatly stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Bush Leagues in Midtown A major corporate client of the hotel had made my reservations. The hotel provided written assurances, including a confirmation number that the type of room that I needed in order to complete my business would be available. When I arrived, after a long flight, I was told in no uncertain terms that the room was not available, that regardless of the confirmation number and assurances, all of the rooms of the kind that I had been guaranteed were taken. Frankly, the smugness, and the don't care attitude of the front desk staff were insufferable. The room that I finally got, near the service elevator, was barely functional. The porcelain on the sink was cracked. There was no safe ledge for the curling iron. The room was unduly cold with no means to adjust the temperature. In an era of business travelers, the room had no desk but only a small chest of drawers -- no cut-out space for legs -- that I had to use for my laptop. In short, stay elsewhere. The quality of the room and the quality of the service are truly bush league and unworthy of Midtown Manhattan.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location of the Belvedere My family visited New York from 3/7 - 3/11 2005. We really enjoyed this hotel. It is located only one block from Broadway and all the hustle and bustle. We went to two Broadway plays which were each only three blocks away. We used the subway which is only one block from the hotel to visit several museums and sites in the city. Our only problem was with the weather. Blowing snow and cold wind kept us in the room more than we had planned on. Atleast we had the pleasant room to come back to. We rented a movie one afternoon to pass the time.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler CT
<Content>Good Experience Stayed there one night and the staff were great. Room was small for 4 people--no chair to sit in, but the location was good and the price was right!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flamingbrenda
<Content>Fantastic Value! We booked the Belvedere based on the reviews on this site, and we weren't dissapointed.We arrived 2 hours before check in, but there was a room available. The room was clean and spacious - a small kitchenette, lovely bathroom with complimentry products, 2 double beds (although they were a little small) great TV with in-house movies.The location was perfect, along a nice quiet street but within 10 minutes walk to Times Square. The Port Authority bus station is about a 10 minute walk and the subway 5 minutes.the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and i wouldn't hesitate to recommened the hotel!!!My only qualm was that a coffee machine was supplied so you coudn't make tea - but that's not really a big issue!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>10 out of 10!! Stayed here November 2004. Was anxious when booking a hotel in New York as I had heard alot of bad stories about hotels in NY. The Belvedere is exactly what you want when visiting New York. This hotel is close to everything; Port Authority bus station, Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Broadway, Time Square, etc. Walked everywhere and just used the subway to go down town. We left the hotel early every morning and returned late in the evening. The bedroom was cleaned everyday we were there (our pjamas were even put under our pillow!!!!). We didn't eat in the hotel, we preferred trying places outside which there are alot of in theh area. Enjoy your stay here.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very favorable I stayed at the Belvedere 2/24 - 2/25/05 and was most favorably inpressed. The staff was very efficient and helpful. The room was small but very clean and well laid out. Everything worked just as it should - TV, bathroom plumbing, phone. I could not find a thermostat, but the temperature was comfortable. The concierge was most helpful with directions and obtaining airport shuttle service. The elevators were quite small, but the wait for one was not excessive. The halls were a bit narrow, but well lighted. It is located 2 blocks from a subway station, a short walk to Times Square, and is surrounded by theaters. After the reviews I had read of other hotels, the Belvedere elicited a big sigh of relief. I have recommended this hotel, and will do so again. If I should return to New York, I would be glad to stay in the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We have just returned from a week in The Belvedere. The hotel was excellent. The staff friendly and helpful. The lifts were slow but only first thing in the morning. 4 of us stayed in a room and there was lots of room. The hotel was central with most places within walking distance. Metro was in the next street and we highly recommend the diner around the corner. Excellent breakfast for $6. As first time visitors to New York this hotel made our holiday complete.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for first time visitors! The Belvedere is in a great location with everything close by. We were able to walk everywhere we went practically since everything is so close including the subway. Times Square was so beautiful night with all the lights and we felt safe our entire stay.My only complaint about the hotel is that the wastebaskets are way too small. For a room with a fridge and microwave the hotel needs to have a bigger wastebasket! Overall the hotel is a great value with a great location!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dublin22-Lady
<Content>Brilliant Folks...if anything....STAY HERE!!!! We booked this hotel on the reviews printed here and we weren't disappointed! Fabulous...The rooms were great...Lifts weren't too bad...food was OK(Not that we ate there alot) and overall the staff were very helpful.TBH....this was luxury compared to some places I've stayed in and really central!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended The location, price, and quality of the hotel were all fantastic. We were there for the Tahitian Noni Leadership Conference at Radio City Music Hall and we were able to walk there and back with no problem. Just make sure you have comfortable shoes with you as your will do a lot of walking. It is also close to Times Square, theaters, and the subway. The staff was very helpful and the rooms were very nice. We had a room on the top floor and what a great view. This was our first trip to New York, but when we return we will definitely stay at The Belvedere again. A little tip for food: although many of the nice restaurants are very expensive for dinner, those same restuarants have the same great food and much lower prices for lunch.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A rought start, but would return. After reading all the positive reviews about the Belvedere, we booked a room for four nights through an online hotel booking service and got a good price ($150/night) for the President's Day weekend.Although our reservation was for a non-smoking, king room, they put us in a smoking double room. After asking to switch rooms, they said that reservation requests were not guaranteed and they only had that room available. (This was hard to believe, considering my friends checked in several hours after us and got a non-smoking, king room.)In any event, the next day we moved rooms and, after communicating our dissatisfaction about the previous night's stay, they put us in a nice room on the top floor with a view. This floor had been renovated, so it had DSL service (for a small cost per day). The next 3 nights we stayed there. They also gave us complimentary breakfast (but my friends got this too, so I don't know if it was special treatment). It's a great location and the staff is friendly (except the smoking room thing). I would go back, but just be certain you know what room you're getting before walking away from the front desk.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>msmjalmeida
<Content>Great deal....Will go back with Family Again. We just returned from a long weekend in NYC. We have stayed at The Novetel and DoubleTree in Times Square in the past, this time we wanted to spend our money on better things like Broadway shows and shopping. And we did. This is a great Family hotel, the rooms were clean, and the decor was nice. The staff was helpful and very resourceful. The hotel is only a two blocks from Broadway / Times Square. We paid $150. per night not including all taxes, this is an excellent NYC Deal. We will book at the Belvedere again without any hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Imp
<Content>as recommended... Just like all the other reviews, a great location; generous size rooms; huge comfy bed; good bathroom; plenty of storage; kitchenette by the entrance so didn't affect the bedroom; heating just right; lifts fine; staff helpful.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Villasmart
<Content>Nice hotel The Belvedere Hotel is a nice hotel for the price! Located in mid-town it is close to everything for walking. The rooms are large by NY standards, the baths have been redone and the staff is helpful. Only complaint, and this is true this time and previous visits, is the heating system needs help! Way too hot the whole trip and no room thermastat. You must call the front desk to get it adjusted and that is not a good way to run a hotel. My stay was Feb.12-17 and except for the lack of an individual thermastat no complaints!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect hotel for a family We stayed at the Belevedere Hotel in January 2005. The rooms were a bargain for NYC standards (really for any town!). It was one of the few hotels that offered a breakfast deal. In addition, the rooms all have a refrigerator and microwave, which came in handy for weary kids needing a drink (parents too!) after a long day of sightseeing. The buffett breakfast was good, and kids 5 and under eat free! I read a lot of reviews complaining of slow elevators, but we didn't notice any worse than other hotels we've stayed in. We would definitely stay here again; the rooms were bigger than we expected and much cleaner than many chains we've stayed in. The hotel is just a few blocks from times square.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nads_p
<Content>good new york hotel Have just returned from a 6 night stay at the belvedere. We are a couple but had 2 double beds in our room - this gave us a bit of extra room, but would say the room was quite big. There was a microwave, and coffee machine which was good - although no cutlery or plates or anything (but that could be asking for too much). The room was absolutely baking hot for the first couple of days of our stay, the temperature in NY obviously was colder before we arrived and the heating was on full blast. Thankfully the windows opened, but we were unable to turn the heating off in our room. We were right by the lifts but they didnt bother us at all, ask the bellboy to book you a cab back to the airport and you end up paying the flat rate fare - which is a bonus. All in all, Staff were friendly and helpful, rooms were clean, shower was powerful - would def go back!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great price, location, service! The Hotel Belvedere was exactly what we had hoped for and more! We were in a great location and walking distance from everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The rooms weren't fancy but they were comfortable and served their purpose. If we make it back to NYC we will definately stay at the Belvedere again!   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>knitsafghans
<Content>Very good moderately priced choice Stayed here with husband and two children after seeing a play for husband's birthday. Lobby was attractive and front desk was nice to deal with. Room was very clean. Excellent service. Microwave and fridge in room (though we didn't use them) were quite nice. Room was not huge (with 2 double beds) but fine by NYC standards. Rate was $140 per night when Marriott etc. wanted at least $200. Would definitely stay here again.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience Having traveled to Manhattan for the last 30 years, I can safely assure you that I have had good experiences and bad. Having to attend a sales meeting in January 05, the company travel agent booked our reservations at the Belvedere of which I had no knowledge. The agent assured me not only was this a good hotel, but of excellent value. This didn't convince me, so I went on to Trip Advisors and read all of the comments. The only negative comments I could find of any consequence (from a few reports) was that the staff was testy. Positive comments was that the room was nice, near the theatre district and was of good value. Still, I was somewhat unconvinced.   This changed when I got to the hotel. I stayed 6 nights. The room was excellent and staff was terrific. I cannot think of one thing that wasn't as advertised and would recommend this hotel for family visits, business travel, or whatever reason you have in NYC.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>the_crafty_traveller
<Content>Just as good 2nd time round Stayed a second time at the Belvedere 20 Nov 04 for 4 nights. Had booked a twin for sole use but got a double room (think it costs the same anyway)- but WHAT a room! It was a corner room so I had views of W48th to one side and the Hudson River to the side - boy did it twinkle at night!! Room was smallish and whilst next to the service lift, I never heard it. Bed was very comfortable with a good solid mattress and the kitchenette was as handy as ever. The bathroom was tiny - but it was very clean. Whilst a non smoking room I could still detect a faint trace of smoke - turned out it came from the bathroom but I found a vent in there and promptly closed it - problem solved and no more smokey smell the whole stay. Hotel location v close to everything I wanted, museums, shops etc.. I'd recommend dinner at The View in the Marriottt Marquis Hotel - expensive but New York's only revolving restaurant and the food was spot on. Breakfast in the hotel is great $8, $11 or $13 depending on which option you require, and if you want to go out then there is the Olympic Diner and Pigalle's just a minute away. Only slight downside if I have to find one was that when I arrived checkin was run off its feet, short staffed and phones going so the receptionist was rather more brusque than friendly, but everything else was fine and all the other staff were fine. Overall I enjoyed my stay and I return again in April.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Shamu63
<Content>Would Recommend A Visit !!!! Have just returned from New York with my partner, and a couple of friends. We stayed at the Belvedere for four nights and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean, comfortable and well positioned hotel.  As is the case when booking hotels after reviews on the internet we were a bit wary of what we would find, but we were more than happy with the Belvedere. Arrived at 14:00 and checked in straightaway even though actual check-in isn't until 16:00. We were given two rooms, both with two queen size beds, toilet with bath/shower and towels changed daily, fridge, microwave, iron and ironing board, wardrobe, in-room safe and TV. The rooms were more than adequate for our stay and the price paid. It's classed as a budget hotel, but I'd like to find another hotel as comfotable and clean as this in another capital city for this type of cost.  Staff were courteous and helpful when needed, had a couple of problems with the shower and bath, which were fixed within half an hour of reporting them.  Tried the full breakfast once and have to say for value and variety it was well worth it, however there are places to eat all around the hotel, so were spoilt for choice for the 5 days we were there, hence we only tried it once.  Position of hotel is one block from Times Square, there is a tourist office around the corner where you can purchase tickets for the bus tours. Walked up to Central Park which only took 20 minutes, Empire State Building is 20 -25 minutes away, or one stop on the metro and 5 minutes walk. The location is ideal for the short break we were on, where nothing is too far away.  Only slight complaint we had as mentioned in other reviews was the heating, no way to control it and also the 4:30 am symphony of the old clanging pipework we had each morning (slept through this a couple of days though due to being exhausted after all the sightseeing). Oh, and just make sure that if you do get the doorman to get you a cab to the airport, confirm with the driver he has told him the right one !! Told our driver we wanted JFK when in fact we were flying from Newark.  Would stay here again, and hopefully will. After speaking to the receptionist we found out that they have just had a full refurbishment of the reception areas and some of the rooms, they are planning more, and also there is the possibility of a gym and a bar area as well.  Good hotel, great location, well worth a visit !!!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steve
<Content>What They Say Is True! The 4 nights my family and I spent at the Belvedere around Christmas confirmed all of the reviews I read on this site. It is ideally located just off Times Square, reasonably priced and extremely comfortable. While friends of our staying there at the same time had a nice view to the South, our room faced North and our window looked straight into another building. This is the only thing approaching a criticism of the room and the hotel though - we would not bother looking anywhere else if we were returning to New York.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mickeykitty
<Content>would stay there again in a heartbeat Our group of four had a great experience with our 3 night stay Feb 3-6. Where else can you get 2 double beds in a great location in NYC for $125. The staff was super-friendly and helpful. This hotel is especially great for people who want to be more self-sufficient and save money. The fridge and microwave in the room are easily filled at the supermarket 1 1/2 blocks away. The subway line is there too. There is even a closeline in the tub if you want to do your own laundry. While it is not posh everything was clean and well maintained. The proximity to Broadway, while still being on the edge of a regular neighborhood, can't be beat. We will definately be back.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nighthawk
<Content>Best hotel deal in Mid-town Manhattan       View toward Times Sq. from our 17th floor room at the Belvedere.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Truly enjoyed our stay. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Great location.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gazzerooni
<Content>Great Great Great What can I say about the Belvedere:It is an unassuming hotel on a side street off 8th avenue. It is very central for anything you might want to see or do in central or upper manhattan.There were 4 of us and we booked two rooms. We were very pleased to have a Queen size bed each ( my sister had a single bed in the Radisson on Lexington sharing and they paid $30 for the room more than us).Checking in was very quick-less than 5 mins -and our rooms were ready even though we arrived at 3 instead of 4.The lifts were never a problem. I am sure if the hotel was very busy, maybe there would be a delay but we never waited long. Most of the time we got a lift straight away!!We went to the diner across the road on 8th-In the Days Inn-but realised that breakfast in the Belvedere was better value-and ate in our hotel after that.if you are looking for breakfast in the area-the Westside diner on 44th and 9th is very reasonable and very clean too!I have to say that we were all very happy with our Belvedere experience. I booked the hotel for the four of us on the back of the advice given here and I was a bit nervous about my friends reactions.Well I didnt need to worry as they have all said that they will stay in the Belvedere next time they are in NY. What more can I say?!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a find! Wow! Just got back from 3 nights at the Belvedere and can't say enough good things! Paid $125/night and would happily pay more. The staff was friendly and helpful- bellstaff helpful without making you feel they expect tips. Had a room with 2 doubles that was good sized - bathroom the same. Loved having the kitchenette and only wish I'd known before arriving that it wasn't stocked - would have come prepared but it was easily remedied at the corner store. Had all the amenities that I like - hairdryer, iron, cable, etc, etc. Felt totally safe.Could go on and on but all the other reviews cover it - I just wanted to give another vote of confidence as I know how hard it is to find affordable, quality hotels in any city - moreless NY! I'm giving it 5 stars - not because it's like staying at the Ritz but because I've paid much much more for much much less and I applaud the management for their integrity!Don't hesitate - you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No other place to stay Without a doubt the best value in Midtown. My wife and I have tried them all and this is our favorite hotel. Location, price and service cannot be beat. Love the fridge and microwave that are included. Very clean rooms with king beds along with 24 door man and security. Odd numbered rooms on the upper floors face the north and are generally quiet with good view. Two blocks south on 46 st. is restaurant row with many great restaurants and bars. Don't forget Scruffy Duffy's (8th ave. bet 45 and 46)Try it......you'll like it !!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, great staff, great location. You'll have no problems if you stay here.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scooneyotm
<Content>LOVELY LITTLE HOTEL We stayed there Jan 19th to 22nd. Great location. Right around the corner is the Greyline double decker bus stop and office. 5 mins from Times Square. Little deli on the corner to buy cooked food to eat in the room, which is allowed.Helpful staff. Great rooms, not so small as I had heard. 2 Double beds. Little kitchen area with fridge and microwave. Great price of under $480 including all taxes for 3 nights.Will stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wproske
<Content>Great location, good hotel, no troubles, good rate Based on the reviews in tripadvisor we picked the Belvedere for our stay in NY. And we did not regret it.We spend three nights at the Belvedere Hotel and enjoyed our stay very much. We had spacious rom (well for NYC standards). Hardly any noise from the floor just some wind sounds (blizard 05).When booking via some discount hotel reservation site we got a good rate as well. Excellent value for money.BTW: when returning to JFK airport we took the LIRR/AirTrain from PennStation. It took just 45mins to the airport from the station for about 10USD (off-peak). Really a good option for those traveling light.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good stay I stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in the middle of Jnauary. We booked two rooms, one double and one twin. When we arrived one was ready and the other wasn't, but this wasnt an issue (we did arrive before check in time) we dropped in our bags to the ready room and went out.The lobby is large, with a seating area. Checking in does take time, the computers were very slow, but there was never a big queue so not an issue. Our rooms were right next door to each other. When we arrived at our room we were worried as it was right next to the lift, however this had no affect on our stay whatsoever, there was no noise from the lift. However on one occasion just some noise from loud people waiting for the lift, but this was only once. The rooms were large, there is a desk, bed side cabinet, tv and guide books. The bathroom is a nice size. There is a closet, not huge but enough, with a safe in it. Small kitchenette which was only used to make tea or coffee, but there is a fridge, microwave, sink and cupboard. The rooms were cleaned daily, fresh towels and flannels.We had breakfast at the hotel everyday except for one. The breakfast was great, a choice from two. most expensive $16 but you get a huge amount of choice for that and we felt was well worth it. There is also a cheaper option of $10 which exclude the hot food and some cold meat and cheese.All in all a brilliant stay for what we felt felt was an excellent price. We booked direct through the belvedere website.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KerryAnne
<Content>Thumbs up We booked the Belvedere for our trip to New York after reading the reviews on the Trip Advisor site. We are nine picky women and not one of us had a complaint in our five-day stay. We were all very happy with the size and cleanliness of our rooms and found the little kitchenette very handy for a quick breakfast each morning. The staff are pleasant and very helpful and the location is great. And all this for a very reasonable cost. I don't think you could do much better in New York and I will be recommending this hotel to all my friends.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brneydgrl
<Content>love the Belvedere We stayed at the Belvedere the week before Christmas and have no complaints. Staff was very helpful and friendly and hotel is within walking distance to everything. Rooms were clean and we had no problem with the elevators.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PlainIsGood
<Content>Nice place, great location First time guest of the Belvedere, and pleasantly surprised. Our visit was over the Martin Luther King holiday weekend -- $150/night on the internet. The room with double beds was more than adequately sized (for a NYC hotel), clean and tastefully decorated. Kitchenette with coffee maker, refrigerator, microwave and sink was a plus. Location, location, location for trips to the theater and elsewhere by subway. Frequented the quieter, more neighborhood-oriented restaurants and cafes on Ninth Avenue -- just as delicious and economical as the more tourist-oriented places on Eighth Avenue and east. Would definitely stay here again. Staff was helpful and pleasant. We experienced no trouble with the elevators.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, Excellent staff, Excellent price! I stayed here with my girlfriend between Jan 12-15 2005 in a double room. This hotel is excellent, the rooms are big (for NY), clean and comfortable. The staff can't do enough for you, and the location is great, 5 minute walk to Times Square, 15 minutes to 5th Ave. The Price is excellent too, we paid $125 a night through ----.Unless you want a luxury, 5 star hotel costing $300+ a night, I would recomend this hotel to everyone.P.S. The lifts are fine, esp' if you use the 3rd elevator located at the end of the right corridor as opposed to the main two in the centre. We were on the 17th floor and it was never an issue.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best In New York. I have been to New York 4 times, and twice have stayed at the Belvedere hotel and found it to be all it was hyped up to be.The first time I stayed their was with a party of six and had booked 2 rooms, Each room has its own Safe, Cable TV, Internet access and kitchen area and Nintendo you can play through your TV.All the hotel was kept very clean and is in the heart of New York with just being a block down from Time Sqaure.It was a joy staying in this hotel and I have just booked to go back to New York over Thanksgiving 2005 and will once again be staying here.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>simicu
<Content>The Belvedere delivered Sorry, I should have written this right after my wife and I got back in the Fall. But the memories are still fond for the week we stayed at this litle gem of a hotel. The only reason I give it a 4 instead of a 5 was due to the size of the room (especially the bathroom). Not that I was expecting a grand suite, especially when we're talking about the price of hotels in Manhattan, but a bit larger would have been perfect.That said, all else is absolutely positive. The location was incredible. Just steps off 8th Ave on 48th in the heart of the Theatre District, it's amazing how just a few yards makes a difference. As you walk west from 8th, the atmosphere suddenly takes on a Euro-like charm, with trees lining the street and a sense of peaceful ambience taking hold as you enter the doorway, where one of the staff is there to greet you. Speaking of which, the employees go a long way toward adding to the comfort and pleasant experience of staying here. They are always friendly and quick to respond to any issue that may arise. The lobby carries a nice, subtle hint of Art Deco and only adds to the overall character to the place.Back to, as they say, location location location! Two blocks away from the edge of Times Square, as well as several different subway stops. If you walk about 3 blocks or so due east on 48th, you'll walk hit the entrance of where they do the Today Show, the outside part where folks line up, that is. We were also just a 5 minute walk to the Letterman Show, which we got tickets for in advance. Of course it gets to be redundant saying what you'd be close to - this is the heart of Manhattan, so suffice to say, you're close to a lot! BTW, we dined royally every night in some great restaurants, altho I must confess, we never did get around to eating at the Belevedere itself. I'm sure the food is as good there, but we were just too busy bopping all over Manhattan. Highly recommended: Thalia (less than a block away), Gallagher's Steak House, and Carnegie Deli.Obviously I could go on and on, but you get the picture. The Belvedere is a great little boutique hotel. As long as you don't expect a whopper-sized room, you will most likely consider your stay here almost perfect.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roger123
<Content>great value For the price this was a great hotel in a very central location. It is not luxury but it is comfortbale with a little character; it is not a cookie-cutter budget hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmilyB80
<Content>Great little find! 5 of us stayed here from Jan 6th- 10th and thought it was fab! Great value for money, great location and great hotel. No queue to check in at 5pm and very helpful staff. Rooms were more than adequate (both with 2 double beds) both clean and spacious. Only small issue was the male concierge who was neither as helpful or friendly as other members of staff. We asked him to book a taxi to take us back to the airport with Tel Aviv taxis,as I had heard they were reasonably priced and reliable. He refused as they were not a 'PREFERRED COMPANY' but said he would book it for us with a company of the hotel's choice. Perhaps this is hotel policy but I thought a little bit harsh as they claim to be happy to make reservations for you. He said he could arrange this at a total cost of $125 (plus tip/toll) for 5 people in a mini van. I decided to phone Tel- Aviv taxis myself from the payphone and got the same deal at $65.00. Half the price! Glad I didn't go along with the'hotel choice' they obviously take commission. That was the only gripe, everything else great and would definitely return!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mybagispacked
<Content>GREAT START FOR A NEW YEAR The New Year weekend was easy going thanks to the Belvedere. I have made several trips to New York in the past few years, and I am adding this hotel to my favorite list.The rooms were clean and above average in size and condition for NY. In addition, the bellman and other staff were nice as could be, did their job well with a smile and class. The resturant would only serve full breakfasts instead of just coffe which is somewhat of a hassle. The only real negative is the central heating system. There is no way to regulate your room temperature. The heat was on even though New York had a warm spell. Therefore, we used the window air conditioner to cool down our room.Considering the amount of people that were in town for New Years's Eve, they handled the mobs very well.I travel to New York often and usually stay at the Wolcott for price and location. Now that I have found the Belvedere, I will use this hotel again and again as long as the rates stay reasonable.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwbdot20001
<Content>January 7th - 11th I booked this hotel for my now fiancee and I (proposed at the top of the Empire State) after the advice and reviews from this website and was not dissapointed. Its in a great location for the theaters / Times Square and the subways are only two blocks away on 50th. The doormen and porters are extreamley helpfull and never gave you the impression they were 'hanging around' for a tip.All was not entirley perfect though.We arrived at 12.30pm and our room was not ready so we were told to come back around 4ish. I guess the previous guest may have only just checked out at midday so it's not the hotels fault and we were trying to check in early, but after being up all night you just want to shower and chill for a bit. Our cases were kept in reception for us so we could do some early sightseeing.After having a bath in the early evening, our bath water would'nt drain so we had to call for the plumber. He arrived after about 15mins but could not fix it and said they would return the next day, which they did after we had gone out meaning we couldnt shower in the morning. It was fixed on our return that evening. Unfortunatly we could only shower after that as the water kept draining away. Typical!We only had coffee in our room and no tea. There are tea bags available which we asked for twice and were assured by reception that they would send some up. They never arrived.You can check your bill on the TV and in doing so I noticed we had been charged for two long distance phonecalls to Italy we didnt make. I informed reception and they said they would make sure they were taken off as they were made before we checked in. On receiving our final bill the two calls were still on there. However, they were taken off when we left.....its just not the sort of thing you need to be doing at 5am.Overall, the hotel and room was very clean and tidy and the room had fresh towels daily and was left in a very tidy manner by the maids. We had no problems with the lifts as some on this site have said - after all, we are used to English ones!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent stay in the big apple 6 adults (2 rooms) in November. everything spot on. Rooms large by New york standards, plenty of room for 4 adults plus shopping! Kitchenette area an added bonus with fridge and microwave. Didnt eat in hotel as too much choice elsewhere. We added 2 extra adults to the original booking but we were not charged any extra! Only down side was doorman mixed up our taxi to airport, he got us 2 limo's but they were more expensive than the yellow cabs. We plan to return november 2005 and the Beleveder is our preferred choice.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere was fantastic My wife and I stayed in the Belvedere over Christmas, having read the good reviews on this site, and it certainly lived up to its expectations. I booked a deluxe room via the hotel website and paid 拢700 ($1300) for seven nights, which is fantastic. (helped by the good exchange rate).This was my third visit to NY and the Belvedere was by far the best hotel I have stayed in. We had an incredibly large room by NY standards and it was very clean and tidy.The hotel's location is perfect, not too far away from Times Square and Restaurant Row etc, but far enough to be nice and quite, tucked down a side street.If I had to make two complaints, and they are only minor, it would be there is no bar in the hotel (although there are some good bars just minutes away such as the House of Brews on Restaurant Row), and the concierge service was poor (both the people we dealt with seemed totally uninterested in helping is and one of them could only come up with one restaurant that would be open on Xmas Day - as it turned out most of them were open).The lifts didn't bother us and we were on the top floor (17th) We were advised to use the service elevators by staff!Would thoroughly recommend the Belvedere to anyone planning a trip to New York.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st time New York We stayed at the Belvedere for three nights in September. It was the first stop of our Honeymoon. I booked the hotel on the basis of the comments posted here. We were not disappointed. This was our first time to New York and really had no idea where to book. The hotel was in an ideal location. It was off a busy street and therefore that bit quieter. The room was large with two king size beds, and it even had a decent view out the front of the hotel. The bathroom was new and clean and it was handy having the addition of the kitchenette, with tea and coffee making facilities and a fridge.The first day we walked to the Empire State Building, Central Station, Macys etc and the hotel was ideally located. We managed to find a great Brazillian restaurant round the corner on the first night which meant we never had far to walk. The second night we dined in a French restaurant, again just round the corner, it was superb. It meant we never had far to go at the end of the night.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel, my husband and I both work in the hotel trade, and are probably that bit more critical! We are definitely going to return to New York soon and would not hesitate to book the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Belvedere This hotel was perfect for us. We were traveling with 2 kids. The room was good size (for NYC) with 2 queen size beds and a refrigerator and microwave. The staff was friendly and helpful. We left our luggage with the bellman when we checked out and they were so accomodating. The location was great. We were a block and a half from Times square (The Hershey store...a favorite of the kids) and about 3 or 4 blocks to Radio City. Would definatley stay there again!!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, small rooms, would go back Not a bad hotel, very cute, close enough to Times Square, yet far enough from the masses of Times Square, Fifth Ave, and Central Park. Hotel staff was very kind and attentative, the bellhops were great in checking our bags (we asked to leave our bags at the hotel as our flight wasn't until 8:15 that night) and hailing us a taxi willing to take us to JFK rather quickly. My one complaint was the rooms were very small. For example, the ironing board took up the majority of any open space that was available. I can see where the kitchenette would be useful if you are staying there for multiple nights, but for one night, I saw this as a waste of space.But, considering the location and the price, I would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Stay in NYC I have stayed in many hotels in NY that are both large and small. My last stay at the Hotel Carter was miserable and I was looking for a hotel in the $200 price range. I discovered the Belvedere Hotel scouring through reviews and made my hotel reservation for New Years Eve 2004/2005. It was such a pleasure to be greeted by the doorman and walk into a clean lobby with marble floors. My hotel room was tastefully appointed and the bathroom was clean and perfect. A small microwave, coffee machine, iron and ironing board in the closet, and small refrigerator for storing leftover carryout was a definate plus. The bedding was warm and cozy and worked with the color scheme of the room. The cable television received all of the local programming and even had a nintendo controller hooked to the tv set although no nintendo was discovered. Overall I give this hotel a 10 on a scale of one to ten. My only complaint was with the elevators which seemed to have a mind of their own. Of course, that has nothing to do with the room or hotel itself so I highly recommed it to anyone travelling to ny. I even caught a performance fo Gem of The Ocean with Phyllicia Rashad playing one block up and it capped an incredible weekend. So, if you are looking for a hotel for New Years or any other time of the year look no further than here unless you are on a poverty budget. The room price was under $200 for the first night and $125 for the second night. Great Hotel, Great Staff, Great Price!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martyc2Westport
<Content>Great place Just stayed at the Bellvedere my first time (Though my travel companion has been twice before). It is a lovely hotel, located ideally close to Times Square yet far enough away so you can sleep at night! The hotel itself has a very capable and friendly staff. The furnishings, roomsize, and amenities were all acceptable, if not above what I expected from a reasonably priced hotel in New York City. My only 2 minor complaints are that I did not have an end table on my side of the double bed. It may not sound like much to complain about, but when you need to put down a drink or take off your watch, etc there wa no place but the floor to put it. Also, the ice machine located on the second floor did not work for 2 days, but was fixed on the third. As a first time guest at the Bellvedere, I would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, decent hotel, price Just returned from a 5 night stay in New York City for Christmas week with my teenage daughter. This was our first trip to NY and I was concerned about having a good safe location, sizable room and fair price. This hotel fit the needs we were looking for. The Belvedere is within walking distance to all the theatres, local stores, Times Square and the subway system. The rate was great for all the 3-Star New York hotels that I had checked out on the web. I logged into one of the smaller hotel booking websites by accident and found that I could get a rate of $130 a night for 2 dbl beds. The Belvedere hotel website as well as other search engines were priced at least $20.00 -$40.00 higher per night. The hotel's staff was adequate but generally not overly attentive. If you want a centrally located hotel with a good rate I would recommend it. If you want to be pampered like a 5-Star hotel there's not a lot of extra frills in this hotel. The city offered us whatever we needed. Those being swayed by the reviews about the elevators, they aren't really that slow. There's 2 extra elevators that most people don't even use at the end of the hallway. Save the extra money you'll spend somewhere else and spend it on the food and city. We saw 3 shows during the week with some of the extra money. Take the subway or cab to the TKTS office downtown and save yourself 90 minutes in line at Times Sqaure. I will say that the city is noisy in all areas and you will hear some noise from your rooms. But that is New York in general. Have a great trip.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Footstepstours
<Content>Great Great Great I organised a trip of 27 adults (aged between 30 - 70) from the UK  we stayed at the Belvedere in November 04. Everything was excellent, no bad rooms, no bad service, staff great, hotel very clean. First impression was that we were out of the bustle as it was in such a quiet road, but two blocks away - Times Sq... It is in a great location and would stay again. It was a comfortable hotel. Breakfast in the hotel was $15 but inc tax  drinks, and was all you can eat, so worth it. What I liked was that there was plenty of seating in the lobby for meeting friends. The rooms were over sized and the kitchenettes came in really handy. Considering we had 14 rooms - and none of us had a bad experience I would recommend this hotel to all. None of us had problem with sirens or noise from lifts (and I was next to the lift) as others have. Yes the lifts can be slow at peak times, but was not a problem - there are always the stairs.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall Great Hotel I just got back from NYC where we spent three nights at the Belvedere. I traveled with my husband as well as my mom and dad. We came to the city as a surprise trip for my Mom's 60th Birthday. The four of us shared one room, which prior to arriving was making me nervous as I have traveled to the city before and over all the rooms in the city do not tend to be overally spacious. However we were pleasantly surprised, the rooms were generous in size, we had a nice kitchenette which came with a refrigerator as well as a microcwave and a coffee maker. That was a very nice touch. The room was very clean and I was extremely impressed. The bathrooms were on the small size, and the elevator as others have mentioned was slow, but you cannot beat the location the Belevedere provides nor the price in comparisoin to other property's in the area. I will definitely return to the Belvedere when I go back to the city  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the Belvedere while in the city. Awesome location and very friendly staff. The room was very clean and comfortable. Everything we needed was available. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel I have stayed in a few hotels in New York and this year I travelled with my Mum who is 71 she has very high standards about the kind of accomation she stays in, after reading the views on Trip Advisor she chose this hotel. I am glad to say that she was very satisfied with it especially the kitchen area where she could recover with a coffee after many hours of shopping!! Rooms were a good size with plenty of drawer and hanging space. Very clean, the only complaint was that it was always very warm in the room, we could open the window of a night but it was a little noisy.We really liked the Cafe that was on the ground floor, with a choice of 3 kinds of breakfast, staff were approachable which is something that I had previously found to be lacking in other hotels. Good location and easy to get to most places.Would stay there again next year and am already getting prices together.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Trip to NYC and Loved It! This was our first trip to NYC and through days of planning, we came across Belvedere. It is just a couple blocks walk to Time Square and the subway. Nice and quiet and very clean. An average size room with two queen beds and a very beutiful bathroom and self-set a/c. Front staff was great. All for an excellent price (Paid under 130 a day). I can't wait to go to NYC again. I definitely know where I will be staying.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place Everything was great. Could not have been better. Ask for the NY1 package  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just right This hotel was just right. The room was Very Clean. And no smaller than other hotels I've stayed at in other cities. The loby is very nice and so was the staff. My only complaint was that the elevator was so small that it got uncomfortably full in there and it was kind of slow. But the stairs were just fine. And the location was pretty ideal. We walked almost everywhere. And the subway is only one block away. Jill S. Santa Maria, CA  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, highly recommended We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel the weekend of Nov. 19th to 22nd. I had a real tough time deciding on a hotel, due to budget restrictions and what we were looking for was a hotel that was within walking distance of Times Square, Rockeffeler Center, Trump Tower that would be very clean, and had helpful staff and was affordable. After reading many reviews on this site, and looking at maps and photos of hotels in the Manhattan area, I decided on the Belvedere. It had great reviews, the price was right, and the location was excellent. When we arrived, the room was ready, the staff were more than helpful. The room itself was very clean, with new ceramic tiles in the bathroom. We ordered a non smoking room, and it was as promised, very neat and the furniture was fairly new. The size of the room was average, for two or three people. We used the iron, the hairdryer and the fridge and microwave, all working and very helpful to have. The wall safe was in the coat closet, and was handy for storing passports etc. The breakfast in the morning was buffet style and priced around 12 dollars. The buffet room was large and well laid out. We found it to be a great deal, as there was alot of selection, and the food was very fresh and tasty. The staff was very pleasant and cleared the tables as soon as you were done. They had a tip jar at the buffet cash, which we all donated to.The doorman gave us a name of a great restaurant to have dinner at, and helped us via the front desk to get a reservation. It was a short walk to all the main tourist areas in Manhattan, and the cabs were cheap for longer trips. A hint, the Empire State Building is open till midnight, so don't stand in the 3 hour lineups during the day, come real late, and avoid the lineups and the night view is amazing. Also, a real treat was the Fire Station just up the street from the hotel. It was great to meet real FDNY heros and have photos taken with them and the trucks. The New York Double Decker Bus Tour has an office just steps from the hotel, and there is a little deli, smoke shop on the corner. To sum up, we would have no hesitation to recommend the Belvedere Hotel to anyone who is visiting New York. The only negative item of the entire stay, was the long waits for elevators, they only have two slow ones for guests from the main lobby. But, that was the only problem , with many positives from this hotel, such as the great location. We will definately return on our next visit to New York City.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, clean, and safe! Read Whole Review! My husband and our two daughters stayed 3 nights during July 2004. Julie in CR helped us with a good rate....especially for summer. We arrived, and the check in was fine. The room was a fairly good size...long and narrow though. Our trip was to see NYC so we didn't plan on being in the room the whole time! The kids loved it~ Bathroom was decked from floor to ceiling in marble, and served its purpose. I forgot my blow dryer, but they have one built in. The housekeeping brought extra blankets  towels quickly as we were exhausted, and it was pouring rain outside. The a/c said check filter, so we called, and maintenance, came up shortly with a new filter. Both were very friendly. We used the microwave and the fridge, also the coffee maker. Bring hot chocolate packets for the kids though...they do not have any. We were nervous at first because everyone kept saying it was a bad part of town. We felt very safe, and the building upkeep looked good too. It was a great location, easy to walk to many places. We walked to Times Square, and took the Red Double decker Tour Bus, great deal. There is a self coded safe in the room and it came in VERY HANDY! We had somewhat of a nice view too! Actually the noise was not as bad as we were expecting!! But then again, after sightseeing all day, maybe we were exhausted...but we slept well! Someone set the fire alarm off by mistake, but management came on a loud speaker and handled the situation very professionally. (It was only about 6pm anyway). By the way...take your shower early...like other hotels...the water may run cool before dinner hours! The elevators were quick going up...but going down, it seemed to take forever. We stopped at several floors, but actually met a lot of friendly guests who were helpful with restaurants and places to shop. Front desk was supreme too! I worked in the hotel business (front desk management) for years...and I believe this hotel was up to standards! We would stay there again for sure! Thank you! Renee'  family  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Neat.....comfy hotel My sister and I brought our kids (ages 4  8) to NYC for the first time at Christmastime. We wanted an inexpensive but nice hotel and close to everything. This hotel WAS close to everything. Was a quant hotel. Very clean. Only complaint was the bed sagged in the middle and you could not use your hairdryer and have the a/c on at the same time. It would blow the fuse and elec. would go out.They were very fast at restoring, though! (the heat is regulated by the hotel...so if you were hot you would have to turn on the a/c) To me..that is minor and made it more intesting! :) I WILL stay here again when we come back!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel Room was comfy, a tad small but clean. My wife liked the bed very much but I like them a little softer. The staff was GREAT, very friendly and professional would stay here on our next trip to the theartre  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location My 20-year-old daughter, her friend, and I stayed at the Belvedere 11/11 through 11/15. We arrived at 11:30 a.m. and were given a room right away. The staff was very friendly, and the concierge was helpful. The location is perfect - very close to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, etc. I had read reviews about the elevators being slow and crowded but that was generally not a problem (we were on the 7th floor). The only time we came across this problem was when a large group was checking out, and everyone was trying to get to the lobby at the same time. I would definitely stay there again. On a completely different note, we wanted to go on the Circle Line for the two-hour cruise around lower Manhattan to see the Statue of Liberty without having to stop there. The Circle Line was dirty, smelly and crowded - thankfully, we got off before the boat left. We ended up going on a 3-hour dinner cruise with Spirit Cruises - a lot more expensive but well worth it - dinner, music, dancing, and a wonderful view of the Manhattan skyline, the Brooklyn Bridge and the Statue of Liberty lit up at night - it was our favorite part of the trip.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ruth78
<Content>Great hotel I found the hotel to be really clean and the staff to be very helpful. At first I was given a room which already had people in it and they were very apologetic about the mistake. The room was a good size and the kitchenette was really useful. The room was cleaned every day and to a high standard. The business centre was useful, but for a better rate on the internet go to the bus tour place round the corner as you get an hour for $5. If you jot the code down you can use the computers in the hotel with the same code and pay far less.Check out was quick and all the staff were really friendly. I didn't have too many problems with the lifts, but being on the 17th floor I did have a couple of times where we practically stopped at every floor. But this was not too bad considering I was there for 5 nights.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location made up for the room We stopped at the hotel for 5 nights from 14-19th Nov.We found the hotel to be okay - nothing special. However we have nothing to compare against as it was the first trip to NY. After reading all the other reviews I would have hated to have seen/stopped in a hotel with a worse rating!The location is excellent - simple as that. If using the subways all day buy an all day ticket from the desk for $7 and wear a good/comfortable pair of shoes. Statue of Liberty still has limited access, you'll need to be at the ticket office early to be able to get to the base of the statue.On the downside we found the room we had to be really noisy. The room was next to the fire escape stairs - which someone always decided to use late at night - probably due to the slow lifts. The walls were also pretty thin. Next door kept receiving phone calls from 3am onwards - which was really great! On top of this the road noise was pretty loud, this was not helped by the poor aircon fitting in the window.As for the bathroom, the shower does not remain at a consistent temperature.The staff we dealt with were always pleasent.Would probably stop again, but cannot see us returning in the near future.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlexUK1
<Content>Very pleasant stay at the Belvedere       View from Belvedere rear elevation  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay - Very Freindly Stayed here last February for 2 nights and for the price w/ included a great breakfeast. It cannot be beat!. Romms were clean, and everyone who worked their was so very freindly. Im writing this review 9 months later, just cause Im thinking about going to NY again, and this hotel will proboly be my choice again!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely hotel. Excellent location. Having booked The Belvedere, on the views of other guests, this certainly lived up to expectations. The room was more than adequate for myself and my sister-in-law, and the kitchenette with fridge was a great asset, especially for storing bottled water and milk. The filter coffee machine is great and the complimentry coffee too. There was some noise, but only as to be expected, being in the heart of the city, but you soon got used to that and it added to the whole city-never-sleeps element. It was in excellent distance for visiting Central Park, Times Square and further. Plenty of restaurants to choose from too, being so close to restaurant row! The hotel staff were very friendly and the Bellhops were helpful when we had to check out of our rooms and needed to store our bags (a dollar a case/bag is needed if the trolleys are used), and they also arranged a taxi to the airport for us, which was a help too. This was our second visit to New York City, and as the hotel we stayed in before was ok, but very average, The Belvedere was like a small palace, in comparison. Very clean and tidy. We would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yakima_WAKaytee
<Content>Great Hotel! Just returned home from a great trip to NYC - I was there for the 5-night Comedy Festival. The Belvedere is a great hotel in an even better location . . . a close walk to everything (Times Square, Broadway, and the cheap theatre ticket booth). The front staff was very helpful in moving me from a smoking floor (8) to a nicer room on the 12th floor. Yes, the elevators are slow, so I would usually walk down to the lobby. There is a great Brazilian restaurant across the street but you're only 1 block away from Restaurant Row so there are lots of choices. The rooms are very big and reasonably priced for New York and I bought breakfast items to have in the room before I hit the streets (bring your own utensils!). I would very much recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Songwriter
<Content>Belvedere Beds.... Just returned during NY Marathon...stayed at Belvedere...Room was great with fridge, microwave etc....however, the bed was hard as a ROCK....So if you are used to a good bed please beware....Location was Ok...However, I would prefer staying on the east side near Lex, and the 50's... DW, Toronto.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel if you are visiting new york and you are looking for a good hotel in a prime location,the belvedere is excellent value for money.we booked for a 5 day stay in october 2004 after reading the good reviews on this web site. the hotel staff were very helpful,the rooms clean and of a average size.tv in bedroom.fresh towels every day and beds made also.good dining room serving excellent breakfast.reception area very plush. prime location for shops and theartre district.well worth a stay at new york prices.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location. The location was great. The room was nice, a bit small. The front desk service was not very friendly and they were not very helpful. The bellman were only looking for their tips and did not offer that fast or good service. It seems they were always disappearing. The elevators were slow, slow, and almost always full, so you stopped on every floor. We did walk into the lobby of another hotel in the same price and rating down the street and its Lobby was cold and not friendly at all. They do not have a restaurant in the hotel which was not very convenient. It was also close to lots of other restaurants and on the edge of the district where the locals go to eat, so we did pick a very good Italian restaurant only two blocks away. It was in the theatre district, close to Times Square, and the tour bus station was just around the corner. We would probably stay there again because of location, price and the room was nice. At checkout we waited over a half hour for a taxi along with about 6 or 7 other parties, and there was no one to help with the luggage when we finally got a cab.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bloke
<Content>Belvedere's the one ....... Stayed 7 nights at The Belvedere - West 48th Street between Oct 20 - 26, 2004.Hotel :Fast / Easy Check in - good service.Room - nice and clean / air con / small fridge and microwave -plenty of space for clothes / in room safe / TV / small desk.Elevators : C'mon people - whats the problem - there are 4 Elevators ( technically 1 is for Staff but hey if it's going where you're going get on board I say ). They may not be the quickest in NYC but does that extra 30 seconds really matter !!!Location2 Blocks from Times Square - and yet is in a quieter street so you don't get bustled the second you step outside like some that are in Times Square.Subway within a few blocks depending which one you want.Fire Station - yes you can hear sirens - but also Police cars / truck  car horns like everywhere else in NYC. If you've had a big day in the big apple sleep shouldnt be a problem.Summary : If you want to be near Times Square / Broadway etc - this is the place to be if you dont want to spend a fortune.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall good experience I recently spent 3 nights at the Belvedere October 29 - November 1. When I first checked in, the room I was given was DIRTY, littered with soda bottles, water bottles, and cigarette ashes. One of the hotel employees came up to change my rooms and acted like I was crazy for asking for a different room. The entire floor of the hotel also smelled very strongly like cigarette smoke. The new room I was given was clean, and the rooms are large for NYC. The microwave and fridge are added benefits to the room. The elevators are extremely slow and full, and they sound like they may give out at any time. At check out, I was charged for a movie I did not rent. I told the lady I didn't order it, but she still charged me over $10 for a movie that was supposedly viewed at 5:30 am when I was sound asleep (I was the only one in my room). My shuttle reservation to JFK was not made, and I ended up paying $64 on a cab as opposed to $23 for the shuttle. I wasn't even offered an apology. The rooms are spacious, the rate is fairly cheap, and the location is great. The staff's helpfullness is horrible and cleanliness and the elevators definitely need improving. I might stay at the Belvedere again but I will probably try someplace new next time.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amodle
<Content>Loved the Belvedere My husband and I just recently visited NYC. We chose The Belvedere strictly on the reviews on this website. The hotel was wonderful! The staff was friendly, and the room was fantastic. The room was very large and we had two Queen beds. But, the best part of the hotel was the location. It is just a few blocks away from Times Square. You are close to all the sights of Times Square, yet the hotel is located on a relatively quiet residential street. You are also close to Ninth, which has every type of restaurant offered-at reasonable prices. We took advantage of the refridge and microwave in our room and visited the local markets that are near by. Those markets sell very reasonably priced items. This hotel is also very close to public transportation. The subway is a few blocks away and there is a bus line #20 that will take you all the way to Wall Street. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I would definetly come back!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angelica
<Content>No Complaints We spent 5 nights at the Belveder from 23/10/04 to 28/10/04 and can honestly say we had no complaints what so ever. The staff were helpful and polite. When we checked out we had our bill within 3-4 minutes, we have often had to wait up to 15 at other hotels. THe doormen/conceriege were very helpful, they booked a black car to get us to the airport as we left at 4.30pm the start of rush-hour, they explained it could be more expensive to take a yellow taxi with the meter running. The car turned up at 4.28pm. The room was quite roomy considering it was NY - the bathroom was small but perfectly adequate. We were on the 15th floor 2 rooms from the elevators but we heard no noise at night. Yes they were slow and got full, but because we were near the top of the building when they got to us they were usually empty. The fire station caused us no problems, only heard the sirens one night and that was because I had a problem sleeping. Overall a great hotel, great location, friendly staff - would have no hesitation in recommendating it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disappointment After all the great reviews at Trip Advisor, I expected better than I got. Of course the location is EXCELLENT! ( Be sure to use the green grocer down at the corner.) But the bed was as comfortable as sleeping on a plywood board. We didn't get any hot water, and our travel partner down the hallway got only scalding hot water. The staff was remarkably aloof. There are better places for less of a price.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFB43
<Content>Great Location but confirm your shuttle bus! The Belvedere is a lovely hotel in an ideal location being only a short walk from Times Square. Ideal for doing the bus tour as the first stop is only a hop skip and a jump from the hotel. Our room was very spacious which was a surprise as friends who've been to NY have always commented on how tiny hotel rooms are over here. It was cleaned every day of our 4 night stay so definitely no complaints there. With the exception of the doorman the staff were average. One useful thing for us was the laundry room which is in the basement, the tumble dryer was a gift to dry our damp overcoats which we wanted to wear again later that day. It did rain a lot during our trip! One warning though is if you book the shuttle bus back to the airport doublecheck it has been confimed by concierge and bus company! On our departure we became concerned when the shuttle we had booked for 4pm the day before had not arrived by 4.15pm. On speaking to the concierge it emerged he had booked it but had not been given a confirmation number by the bus company which is usual practice but was told this was ok. The concierge was very apologetic but after a long phone call it emerged that we couldn't then get the shuttle until 5.30pm. In the end we asked for our money back and had to get a taxi which cost us twice as much each as the shuttle. Despite this hiccup i would definitely stay there again. By the way do the Empire State at night, it's gorgeous.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great price! We set out on a tour of New England by staying at the Belvedere for 4 nights and what a wonderful start to our holiday. The staff were freindly and responsive to our needs, always happy to assist us in any way they could and even made bookings for us at a nearby Jazz Club for Sunday Brunch - well worth the money by the way. The noise of the nearby Fire Station added to the overall experience of being right at the hub of New York and Times Square. The kitchenette was a bonus as well as we could pop round to the deli for breakfast goods. I will certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Andvale
<Content>Service?! Spent a total of 5 nights at The Belvedere from the 28th of Sept. to the 3rd of Oct. Though the location of the hotel is great (just a couple of blocks from Times Square and the Broadway shows) the service is just not up to it. The people there where always unhelpful and at every question we posed them they always answered as if we were bothering them with nuisance. Furthermore they lost a bottle of champagne a friend of ours had left for us. The concierge first doubted that the bottle had ever been given to them for us, and only after a call from our firend they agreed in replacing the lost bottle. To our disappointment they replaced the bottle with a cheap $9.99 bottle! Its not a matter of money, but I think that every 4 star hotel in the world would have tried to make up to the mistake in a much better way. On the elevators: the elevatars ARE slow and always full. It is over all a fine hotel but I doubt I'll ever stay there for future NYC visits.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nogre
<Content>The Belvedere - the start of a brilliant holiday My wife and I have just returned after spending nine nights at the Belvedere. On arrival after a nightmare trip from JFK 3 hours after landing ( we came by shuttle), we received a very warm welcome and a most helpful doorman. The room was spacious with two comfortable double beds and not cramped. The bathroom was a little small but adequate. The small kitchen was a bonus but does not include plates, cutlery or a wiping up cloth which we had the foresight to pack after reading another review. A Deli is sited just around the corner, a few yards up on the left hand side where we bought the odd items. The breakfast room was good value with a continental menu, a continental with meats, yoghourt and fruit, or a full American breakfast. The hotel is quiet and well sited for Times Square, Theatres and the NY Sightseeing Office. We would certainly return.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great price, great hotel Great hotel! The staff was very helpful and our room was comfortable for 3 adults. Good location. We will stay here next time we're in New York.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NLCPleasanton_CA
<Content>Great Hotel! The Belvedere is true to what people has been saying. Excellent service, clean rooms and close to everything. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a shot in the dark and a hope for the best The Hotel Belvedere surpassed my expectations of a great NYC Hotel and believe me, I agonized for days on this sight trying to find a hotel my nine year old son and myself would be comfortable in for our three day stay in NYC mid-October, '04. I went with the reviews about the Belvedere on this very helpful sight and hoped for the best. From the getgo of calling beforehand to make sure I could get a quiet room, to coming to the Hotel at 1 pm, hoping only to store our backpacks until official checkin and being told instead that we could go to our room in ten minutes time, to incredibly nice, behind the desk personnel and doormen, to someone cleaning the cracks between the wood paneling in the lobby with a tooth brush, to a spotless room each day after housecleaning, to an off the main drag location, to being able to open a window at least a little for fresh air, to a nice enough breakfast selection, to a helpful consierge, to sleeping well enough, our stay at the Belvedere was very nice.The only comments are if you're looking for a good, safe, clean, relatively quiet, friendly place to stay this is it. Obviously, the frustration for us all, is paying a lot of money just for a bed, due to late nights and early mornings. If you've never been to NYC and want a sure bet this is it. When you come, you can scope out less expensive places if this is an issue. The only slight irritations were the slow, small elevators (the elevator down the hall to the right of the main elevators is the elevator to use) and the phone charges for long-distance credit card calls, but I suppose this is standard. Great location to Time Square, the Theatre district and subways (which is a must to learn because it is such an easy and a cheap way to get around). I also highly recommend the 8:45 New York Waterways Ferry Tour of Manhatten at night with a wonderful, informative tour guide named Noah. It was beautiful and very romantic, though is seasonal. You can take the New York Waterway bus free to the Ferry putout. Buses run every 15 mins. more-or-less down 42nd and 50th St, double check on the streets. Anyway, a great time in NYC! The people were friendly and warm everywhere which was so fun. Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not check in late We couldn't check in until 10 p.m. because of flight times. We were put in a room WITHOUT a closet. It had a 6 inch rod near the floor. After laying our clothes out on the floor, my wife decided to forget about it and take a bath. There was a CHAIR where the tub belongs. You may have guessed this was a room for handicapped folks. We moved in the morning to a nice king room but this hotel sells out and if you are late you may not get what you reserved.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good Great Location, Big, clean rooms.Lifts are very slow and staff not that helpful, better to ask the man on the street for reccomendations  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gg92101
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great price! I stayed at the Belvedere in New York City on Oct. 8-10, 2004, solely on the recommendations of this site (TripAdvisor.com). I wasn't disappointed. I arrived on the red-eye from San Diego and was allowed to check in and check a bag (no rooms were ready at 8am, understandedbly) and was told to come back after noon. My room was ready by 2 or so, and I had a top floor room which was spotless and included a microwave and mini-fridge. Yes, the elevators are old and slow, but the price is great (I paid $175/night, a bargain in NYC these days). The location is wonderful, between 8th and 9th Avenues on 49th, quiet and tree-lined, but close enough to everything. The hotel was just part of a perfect early Fall weekend in NYC (with perfect weather to boot). I immediately made a reservation for another weekend in April, for an extra night.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Birthday Celebration 3 of my friends joined me for my an early celebration of my 50th birthday. We stayed 4 nights at The Belvedere. I thought the room was very nice and comfortable. We would have liked for the A/C to have put out more cool air - we Southerners need good air conditioning. The hotel is very close to Times Square and the subway. I had no complaints with my trip or our accomodations. The staff was very reponsive to all our calls. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cracking Location Great hotel! Quite simply it's comfortable, friendly and the location is perfect for exploring New York!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cambergirl
<Content>Great location and hotel but not so friendly staff Stayed at this hotel for 5 days and enjoyed it very much. It's in a great location with Times Square, subway station, restaurants, diners etc all within easy reach. The room was a little on the small side but hey, this is NY! It was very clean and was attended to regularly by a good maid. My only complaint was the reception staff whom my husband and I found to be quite unfriendly. Upon arrival they had no record of our booking, they found it eventually but without apologies etc. Perhaps it was because they were all young females of a similar age to myself but I always felt that they were checking me out, clothes, make up etc and talking about me as I passed or spoke to them. I thought I was being paranoid but my husband got that impression too :-( So unfortunately because of that experience I would not stay at The Belvedere again. But other than that the concierge and doorman were very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyEmirates
<Content>Great Location! Recently stayed at the Belvedere Sept 2004 and really enjoyed it. The location is excellent, less than 5 minutes walk to Times Square. Although the hallways are a bit tired, the rooms and the lobby are glistening and very nice. I would stay again and definately recommend the Belvedere Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluebonnet4
<Content>Clean/affordable/bit older decor All the staff of this hotel were most accommodatingand very friendly. Hotel has alot of charater and the rooms were clean. However, they were a bit on the older side and could use some updating.The location is fantastic for the theatre districtand dining options. Also convenience stores andbakeries are close by.Good price/service/location.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xaves99
<Content>Great deal , great location We stayed here from 14/9 through 24/9 and were thrilled with our choice. We have champagne tastes and a beer budget (at least in reference to NY prices for the Australian dollar!) and so worried about our hotel choice. Had booked much more expensive hotels earlier in the process but after reading reviews on this site and finding a price of $153 we thought all in all the hotel sounded nice, not plush, but with good service and well located.Well, we were very happy. The hotel does not offer the huge and glamourous lobby of bigger more expensive hotels but its still very attractive, friendly and has helpful door staff and reception staff. We arrived late and were treated like special guests that they had been waiting for after I had sent an email warning of our late flight into JFK.The rooms were not huge, although I noticed rooms ending with 12,14 and 16 I believe, were bigger. But having said that, the king size bed is comfortable, the cupboard space is fine and there is an area for storage with the fridge, sink and microwave. We didn't use these facilities other than the fridge but I can see how , if you wanted to save a bit of money on food items, the microwave and fridge would be really handy.The only negatives we found would be that the bathroom doesn't really have anywhere to put your stuff other than a little bitty shelf. However, for the price, one overcomes this without too much angst. It lacks a fan,too. The window mounted aircon works well, it just takes a bit of time to work out which temperature setting best suits you, personally. The windows are quite large and come down to the level of the bed so one can pull up the blinds, sit back in bed and watch the city. This is lovely at sunset with the lights coming on, in particular. I just loved looking out and knowing it was NY. The firehouse around the corner does play sirens quite a bit but I loved this, too. It sounded like what I expected NY to sound like and, really, it was reassuring too! I often lifted the window up just to hear the sounds better!One of the best things about the Belvedere is the location. It is 5 minutes from Time Square so one has access to buses and there is a shuttle available by subway on 8th Ave (around the corner) to Grand Central . There is another subway on 50th Street, only 2 blocks north. My husband is a light sleeper and the around the clock action of Times Square gave him more than something to do late at night and again early in the morning. He would buy bagels and coffee for $3 for our breakfast each morning from a street vendor nearby. This contrasts to a diner in Times Square we went to our first morning which cost us over $30! Ouch.There are many many restraunts in the area and quite a few bars. We loved The Social on 8th Ave, watched the baseball with the young locals. It was a happy and energetic crowd. There is Pigalle French style bistro on 48th and 8th which is open 24hrs. We had a post theatre meal here and it was excellent. Other cheaper options are available everywhere. Really, there are so many, every taste can be accomodated. We would certainly stay at the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find! Loved my stay in Feb of 03. Stayed here 4 nights and the hotel had everything I needed. As a travel agent I will definitely be recommending it to my clients.The microwave  fridge are really really handy.Great location, an easy walk to Time Square, handy to restaurants (tho don't try the Mexican one next door!), theatre, drug stores etc. Very handy for the hop on hop off tourist bus (1 minute walk).The only problem I had was with the radiator, I couldn't turn the thing down so my room was pretty warm (and thats saying something as there was a bit of a blizzard happening outside!), I had my window open most of the time. Nice to have opening windows for some 'fresh' air.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CherylAS
<Content>Absolutely Loved the Belvedere We stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights before a cruise and loved it. We were a bit apprehensive because as the saying goes, A 2 star is a 2-star, but we can't figure out why this hotel isn't at least a 3 star. The exterior is very impressive and the lobby is gorgeous. We asked for a room on a higher floor away from the elevator (as recommended by this website) and got a king-size bed in a non-smoking room on the 15th floor, 2 doors away from the elevator. The room was much bigger than expected and perfectly clean. The only complaint we could come up with, and it was a minor one, was the bathroom door was awkward for blow drying my hair. since there was no fan, so I couldn't close the door. The kitchenette was great to have as well. The staff were friendly and accomodating. We walked everywhere from this hotel. I've read about elevator problems but the only thing we noticed is that there didn't seem to be enough of them. Often, on our way down, there was no more room for passengers when the door would open, but we never had any problem because we were almost at the top. We hope to get back to New York someday and will certainly stay at the Belvedere again. It doesn't disappoint!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere lived up! We took a last minute quick trip to NYC on 9/28 - 9/29, and everywhere we liked to stay was sold out. We found The Belvedere through Travelocity, and got a great rate - $179. After reading other reviews here, we decided to give it a try. Check-in was smooth and quick, and we were even offered an upgrade when the woman checking us in noticed it was my husbands birthday from his id. Unfortunately, none of the larger rooms were available at that time, so we opted to just go ahead with our room as planned, as we were soaked from the steady downpour of rain that was drenching the city that never sleeps. The room itself was a little small, not unlike most in the city, but I must say it was the cleanest room I have ever stayed in, in NYC. It was like it was freshly painted for us. And everywhere you turned, someone was cleaning something. Even the lobby restrooms were immaculate. Back to the room, we were surprised to find a microwave, wet bar, and small refrigerator - great for water, snacks, and late night microwave popcorn. Our night was quiet and comfortable, and breakfast in the hotles cafe was awesome. It was self serve, buffet style, but the food and offerings were divine. With the great location, great prices, and the ultimate cleanliness of the entire hotel, we will always try the Belvedere first when in the city.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the Belvedere! I just returned yesterday from a 4-night stay at the Belvedere. It was my second trip to New York City this year, and the first ever for my mother. I wanted her trip to be special, so it was important that I find a nice hotel. I chose the Belvedere solely on the reviews from this site, and I was not at all disappointed. For the price, this hotel was perfect! The location was great, since it was so close to everything, but it was on a residential-type street that even had a school on it. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was larger than I expected, and very clean. We had 2 double beds in a no-smoking room on the 14th floor with a window air conditioner that worked just fine to keep the room cool even in unusually warm September weather! Having a microwave and refrigerator were especially handy, and there is a nice little flower shop/mini grocery right on the corner where you can buy most anything you would need. I really liked having an iron and ironing board in the room, too. We didn't experience any of the elevator problems that some of the other reviewers mentioned, and although I heard a few sirens from the nearby fire station, I didn't find it to be a problem. I guess if I had to find anything wrong, it would be that our adjustable shower head wouldn't adjust, but that was no big deal! There is a great little Mexican restaurant a couple doors down called Sombrero that has great enchiladas, and we also enjoyed Pigalle and Hurley's restaurants in the area. The breakfast buffet in the hotel was very nice, but at $15, we preferred to buy bagels and cereal from the grocery and eat in the room. I would definitely recommend the Belvedere, and the next time I come to the city, I'll be sure to stay there.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the buck We have stayed at this Hotel 3 times for little weekend getaways to NYC. We've had satisfaction everytime between the room, staff,  location. We had tried other hotels in the area as well but haven't been able to beat the quality we received for the price. No doubt we will be back again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value - Great Location Stayed here four nights in September 2004. The hotel is ideally located in Midtown Manhattan just a few blocks from Times Square and the Broadway theaters. The hotel is just around the corner from the Gray Line double decker bus tours. Get the two day hop off-hop on tour any you will be able to travel all over NYC and get an informative narrated tour to boot. Also, do not miss Gray Line's night tour of Manhattan - it is awesome. Paid about $155/night and the room was comfortable and clean. Rooms also have a microwave and fridge. The breakfast downstairs in their restaurant was so so (a bit pricey) but was convenient. All the staff was very fiendly and helpful with anything we needed.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location We stayed at the Belvedere in early August for 3 nights. The location was perfect - a short walk to great restaurants and Broadway. The room was very comfortable and quiet. We did have a major problem with the lifts and also the staff were polite, however, not as friendly as we encountered in other U.S cities.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!!! The hotel was PERFECT. The location is great. You can walk anywhere you need and is centrally located by everything. The staff was very nice and helpful and always looked to help. The rooms are very nice and clean. The kitchenette was nice to have and store water and other drinks. I would highly recommend and for the price you can鈥檛 beat it鈥? Plain and simple it was just PERFECT.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Second stay just as enjoyable. We had our second stay at the Belvedere and both stays were great. Rooms are nice and comfortable,clean, quiet  have microwave and refrigerator in the room. We had our 3 grand daughters and even tho a little crowded, our stay was worth it. The Hotel is close to everything, Times Square , Broadway shows with bus or subway service to anywhereyou might want to go. Rates are more than reasonable. We can't really find a negative on either of our trips. Will stay there everytime we go to NY. And also have recommended to several friends.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent value my wife and I spent 4 nights over the labor day weekend. king size bed, comfy room, the mini refrig. and microwave a big plus. very convenient location,helpful staff, and excellent value. the 2 only and older elavators can be annoying during the busy times. would return without question.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location,  My husband and I stayed at The Belvedere Hotel on August 2nd for our One Year Wedding Anniversary! We live close enough to the city to commute but being that we had plans to see a Sun night b-way show, we opted to stay after seeing their prices! It's so close to everything...Times Square, the Avenue of the Americas (which on that day was having a Street Fair), all the Theaters, etc. It was very convenient to say the least. We took the ferry over, and then caught the ferry bus which left us off right on the corner by the hotel! Because it was our anniversary and my birthday we were upgraded to a suite! The room was very nice. Very Clean! We asked for extra towels and within minutes, there was a knock on the door. The only complaint like others listed here was that the elevators were very slow. We were on one of the upper floors, and one time after waiting what had to be 10 mins for an elevator, we finally took the stairs down. But overall it wasn't too much of an inconvenience. I would stay at The Belvedere Hotel again in a minute! Everything was great from the staff, right down to the location!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great price, good location, friendly service Stayed in the Belevedere in early August. Rooms were very nice but very tiny. We had a teen with us, and once we put the rollaway bed up, we couldn't get to the bathroom because the room was so small.The hotel would be great for a couple. If you have kids - get two rooms. The restaurant is pricey for breakfast - go to the diner around the corner instead.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were so impressed We stayed at The Belvedere in New York City for 2 days (Aug. 24, 25) The staff there was amazing; they were courteous and helpful in every way.The rooms we had were spacious (considering it is New York), we had a microwave and refridgerator in the room and the hotel was spotless and price very reasonable. It is walking distance to many major attractions, restaurants and shopping. I would very highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bugsman
<Content>Very impressed We stayed at the Belvedere for a week in August and were very impressed. The rooms were comfortable with good facilities and the staff were helpful and always friendly. The location is great and is within easy walking distance of Times Square, Broadway, 42nd Street, Rockefeller Centre etc and is near subway stations. The only problem was with a faulty elevator for a few days but all in all a great choice of hotel and one we hope to return to in the future.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brantley75
<Content>Teens loved The Belvedere and NYC Our family of four stayed at The Belvedere from 8/9-8/14. We checked in at 3 am and they had to split our family of four into 2 rooms. The next morning they moved us to a new double room and for the inconvenience added free breakfast for our entire stay. (I just asked if there was any compensation for the mixup) The staff was very cordial and polite. Location was great! Walked to Hotel Edison for breakfast, Johns Pizzeria, Rays Famous Pizza and Ellens Stardust Diner with the singing waiters for dinner (our teens favorite). Subways were close and Times Square a short 6 block walk. Dinner at Noodletown in Chinatown was excellent, follwed by dessert in Little Italy. We followed our family goal of NO CHAIN FOOD, except for ESPN Zone in Times Square--and kept our teenagers happy for 12 days! Belvedere is a great place for families.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Bargain Great location, great price. Stayed for three nights. Rooms were clean and everything was as promised. A/C, TV, fridge,microwave and shower were in excellent condition. The elevators were the only problem with the hotel. Always broken and full at peak times. Otherwise everything was great. Would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bre1
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff I have to disagree with the staff comment. We stayed 5 nights the end of July and the staff was great. We asked for a room change and it was given to us the next day when a King Size bed was available. The only complaint I would have is they made us store our luggage downstairs instead of putting it into our new room for us. The rooms were great, nice and clean. The fridge was nice for all of the wonderful leftovers and pizza we had. You are so close to everything, yet far enough on a beautiful tree lined street to have peace and quiet from times square. The business section was great downstairs, so I could e-mail my Dad everyday for about a couple of dollars. We will stay here again on our next trip to New York  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back We just got back from a girl's week-end inNYC. We stayed at the Belvedere (3 rooms)and everyone was more than satisfied. Therooms were clean and spacious. The hotelpersonnel were very helpful and friendly. Wewere able to walk to the theatre and NBCstudios, and Central Park. We had a blast andcan't wait to go back. Thank you Belvedere!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>felt very comfortable! The Belvedere is really great. You come in and feel like home. All is very clean, calm and safe. We enjoyed the very good breakfast every morning.Our girls trip to New York was awesome! Thank you to the Belvedere, one day we'll come back!! Claudia Ritter  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Politeness would help The staff need to learn about people skills and making sure the paying guest is happy. The staff were rude, when i asked them for a room change they simply refused and told me to live with it. i know i won't stay there again,  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>It Would be a Great Place if All the Elevators Worked My wife, daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere for four nights. It was comfortable if plain, and having a refrigerator in the room was really helpful, as was the in-room safe. The room was clean and well-maintained. I liked the location on the west edge of Midtown, because it gave us access both to the subway system and 9th Ave., a terrific commercial street. It's also more pleasant than being in the very heart of Midtown. At $136 AAA rate plus several taxes it was reasonable for Manhattan.My only serious complaint--one of the two main elevators was out of service the whole time we were there. This made using the elevator to the 10th floor (we'd asked for and gotten a higher floor than our initial 3rd floor room) very slow. We started using one of the service elevators, but one was off-limits to guests. It also became awkward for hotel staff to move around, to move service carts around, etc. A 400 room, 16 story hotel just can't travel on one elevator.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, great location! We stayed at the hotel end of July 04 and were really pleased. The rooms are big and clean. The staff is very friendly. We can recommend the hotel to those who look for a quiet, but good location near Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A most satisfying visit I had occasion to stay there August 3, 2004 and was totally satisfied. The location is excellent; the facility is very nice; the staff was personable, professional, and pleasant. My room, 16th fl, facing north, had a view and was quiet and clean. Although not overly large, the single room provided a microwave and fridge but no other eating support (serviceware, cups etc). It is not a meant to be a luxury hotel so it should not be judged that way. I would return in a New York minute.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iminical
<Content>Can't wait to return to the Belvedere Stayed at this hotel for five nights in early July. The rooms were very clean and modern. The bed was comfortable and I slept very well. Our room had a fridge and a microwave which were very useful. The location of this hotel was very good, the price even better. With The Belvedere you are getting excellent value for your money. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. The question I would have to ask myself at the end of the day is the following: Would I stay at this hotel again?The answer: In a New York minute.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!!! I wasn't sure about the Belvedere, but after reading some reviews here, we decided to try it out. Normally we stay at the Hyatt or Novatel group hotels, however, we were only there for 1 night, so we thought we would try the Belvedere. All things are very good here for the price! Clean room, friendly desk, large rooms too (with the king size bed), 2 blocks from Times Square. Otherwise, service and room were excellent. It's not the Hyatt, but for the price...you get more than you expect. We would do this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated like Royalty.... All of the positive reviews I read on this site were true!! I was leary at first, but glad I took a chance with The Belvedere. Spent 5 days here with my daughter in July on a very special pre-wedding gift trip for her. The staff was incredible, the location great, the room was spacious and the kitchenette was a welcome addition. I have stayed at a number of other hotels in NYC and will definitely make The Belvedere my hotel of choice on future visits.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel = Great vacation We had a great vacation in New York thanks in part to the Belverdere. This was a GREAT location. Even after reading the reviews I never dreamed it would be that easy to get around from this hotel. The rooms were quiet and comfortable. We are pretty picky travelers and we had NO complaints. I will stay here from now on and will try and make it to New York more often. 2 thumbs up!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impeccable service, but rooms need some work I tried the Belvedere hotel, which was a departure from my normal preference for large hotel chains which offer airline mileage and/or hotel affinity programs. I was quite pleased with the excellent service on arrival at the Belvedere. The valet staff was quick, courteous, and professional. The front desk staff was equally efficient and courteous. The art deco decor style of the lobby combined witht he service set my expectations for a fabulous room! Once I finally checked in (my room was not ready on arrival), I was less than pleased. The closet was too small. The pillows were flat. The towels were small and worn. The air conditioner (as in a traditional air conditioner installed in the window) was VERY noisy. Since the hotel was booked, I did not bother to even try and request another room. I could go on. Bottom line: for great service and a fair room rate at a hotel with a great location in the theatre district, 4 stars. For room comfort and amenities, try elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ally,UK
<Content>Superb value in the heart of Manhattan We have just returned from a great three night stay in New York. The weather was terrible but our stay at the Belvedere could not be faulted. We chose the hotel after reading great reviews on trip advisor and were not disappointed. Our NY1 rate included a full hot and cold buffet breakfast which included some of the best bagels I have tasted. For price, value, location and service this hotel deserves an excellent rating. We will definitely visit NYC again and would have no hesitation in booking the Belvedere.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelGal2Anywhere
<Content>Just As Described What can I say? I'm another satisfied customer. For my first visit to NYC, I have to say that the Belvedere met my expectations as described by reviews, guidebooks and the hotel's own website. (We stayed for ten days and booked two rooms.) I think $150 (+ tax etc.) per night per room for six people in Midtown Manhattan is reasonable for NYC. We especially appreciated the competent, professional and kind staff as well as the kitchenette in each room.Although I had read about this before booking the hotel, the one thing that still shocked me were the smallish rooms and bathrooms. Maybe small rooms are typical for NYC.I was thankful, however, for a good night's rest (although others in our family group complained about their hard beds) on the tenth floor and a clean, air-conditioned, non-smoking room (although the hallway was a bit smokey smelling) with a decent, but not great, view.I would most probably stay at the Belvedere if I ever visit NYC again--unless I find another hotel comprable in quality and location for a better price.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>parlyboy
<Content>Still Great (4th Visit) This was my fourth stay at the Belvedere and this will be my fourth great review of this gem of a hotel.Check in was quick and easy, the staff were smiling and courteous. We asked for a room on a high floor, non smoking, with a double bed, that's exactly what we got. A north facing room on the 16th floor. The room was, as always clean and well presented, slightly bigger than some of the other rooms I've stayed in in New York. The bonus being the provision of the small kitchen area with a fridge and Microwave.....nice touch that, helps when you want to heat up a slice of Pizza after crawling in from one of the excellent local bars (Scruffy Duffys, The Social, Kevin St James and TJ Keanes were all excellent!!)The first thing we noticed was after the bell hop turned on the air conditioning it was very loud, before I could even say anything the bell hop said that he'd get someone up to fix it, sure enough 5 mins later the engineer turned up and replaced the entire unit in under 15 mins and then wouldn't even take a tip That's what I'm here for Sir, I doubt if I'd have gotten that response in many other hotels.Bed linen and towels were changed every day, plenty of towels even for my towel intensive girlfriend. Girls, do you REALLY need 5 towels to take a shower?!!The Hotel, as most other reviews will state is in a surprisngly quiet part of town just off 8th Ave on West 48th St. It's a short walk to Times Square, The Theatre District, Restaurant Row and even down to Macy's is a realtively short hike as is up to Central Park. The Subway is close by and there are always plenty of cabs going by the front door. True there is a Fire Station nearby but realistically no matter where you stay in Manhattan you will have some level of noise, besides I wore earplugs at night and slept like a baby!!Apart from the air conditioning things were clean, efficient, friendly and still incredibly cheap, I booked well in advance and got a deal of $120 per night and given the great exchange rates for us Brits this worked out at less than 拢80 per night.....fantastic!!New York, as always was magnificent, the greatest city with the greatest people in the world.Thanks Belvedere, I'll be back!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bliss at the Belvedere Our stay at the Belvedere was wonderful! Our first night was July 1, before leaving for a cruise the next day. Upon returning from our cruise, we stayed four additional nights. The rooms were clean and nicely furnished, though not a lot of bathroom shelf space. Five friends were with us on the trip and we were all pleased with the rooms, service and price. The staff was extremely helpful, especially when we had a glich in limo service. A special thanks to Fernando for helping us work out transfers with another service. And to our limo driver, Manny, who was always on time and very helpful. The hotel is within a short walk to Times Sqaure and delightful restaurants. I highly encourage anyone planning a trip to NY to stay at the Belvedere!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! What a great experience staying at the Belvedere. My husband and I, along with five of our friends, stayed at the Belvedere the night prior to our cruise on July 1. We then stayed 4 add'l nights after our cruise July 11-15. The rooms were clean and very comfortable. We reserved a King Deluxe Room, AAA rate of $129/night. We walked quite a bit, so bring comfortable walking shoes. The staff was very helpful. We want to say a special thank you to Fernando - what a great help he was to us during our stay. (If you need limo service, ask Fernando - he recommended Manny to our group, and we couldn't have been happier!) The rest of the staff were also very friendly and helpful. The Olympic Diner was highly recommended, so we tried it our first morning, and never went anywhere else for breakfast - close by and very good food with excellent prices! Fernando recommended the Iguana restaurant for dinner. Delicious mexican food! If you are planning on visiting NYC, don't stay anywhere else - the Belvedere will meet all your needs. We will definetly stay at the Belvedere again on our next trip to NY.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Perfect My husband and I came to New York to visit our daughter for a few days last week as we do several times a year and chose the Belvedere this trip for its central location and the great AAA rate; we coulldn't have been more pleased with what we got. The hotel and the hotel's staff were equally lovely and I must reiterate that the location is superb; you can get anywhere from here and you can fall into a great restaurant with your eyes closed which proved to be more than a usual blessing because we had a couple of days of rain. If I had a complaint it would only be that the bathroom had no exhaust fan. Our next trip to New York we might try the Lucerne, a sister property to the Belvedere, just to experience a different neighborhood but we will surely stay at the Belvedere again....it's our new favorite midtown hotel!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay!!! This hotel was really, really good...close to Broadway and Theater District...clost to the Port Authority.Great location. Extremely SAFE!!!Folks are EXTREMELY courteous...room was absolutely fine for runnning around town Refrigerator/ sink area in the room. It was smaler but absolutely comfy...Will definitely stay there again...  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>secondchance
<Content>The Belvedere - great location and value for money Stayed at the Belvedere during June 2004 for five nights with my teenage daughter. Was a bit apprehensive about the two of us being in New York on our own, but we felt much safer than in Dublin - especially at night time. I booked the Belvedere after a personal recommendation and reading the TripAdvisor reviews. It was everything we hoped for. We had a room on the 9th floor with two double beds and were not bothered by any noise from inside or outside the hotel. The staff were very helpful. The in-room safe was very useful and much less hassle than having to use one at reception. We didn't use the microwave but the coffee maker was very handy.We flew into JFK and caught the New York Airport Express bus outside Terminal 4 and then a shuttle to the hotel for $15 each. On the return leg, we opted for a shuttle organised by the hotel - a very comfortable minibus with only 6 passengers, for $19 each. Try to bring small change with you, as the drivers expect tips.Smith's on 8th Ave is a good spot for breakfast. We went to the show Movin' Out - really good. There is no dialogue, just the songs and dance. The open-top bus tours were great (if you have time buy the 2-day ticket and see the whole city - it includes a night tour) and the ticket office is just around the corner from the hotel on 8th Ave. TGI Friday's Baby Back Ribs are to die for!! Also, the hot pastrami on rye at Smiler's deli on 5th Ave was worth travelling across the Atlantic!! The only bad meal was at Texas on Times Square - the worst chilli I've ever tasted, but you can't win them all.We didn't bother too much with the shops - the ones on 5th Aveue are too expensive and the others don't really have as good a selection as at home or huge bargains (Century 21 is worth a visit for shoes, handbags, sunglasses etc). There was too much else to do to waste time in the shops.We went to Ground Zero and found that very moving - especially the exhibits in the small church, St Paul's, across the road. These document the rescue effort and are well worth an hour of your time.The Met is also very interesting but it's probably best not to make it a morning visit, as some of the galleries are closed then. We didn't bother with the boat trip to the Statue of Liberty or Ellis Island (very glad when we saw the queues). We just took the free ferry to Staten Island and back.We had really good weather - very hot one day and a little rain on another, but mostly sunny and warm. We enjoyed every minute!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be back! Just want to add one more Excellent rating to the list. Originally we were looking at budget hotels, but when we learned budget hotel in NYC means something a little different, we planned on spending a little more money on the hotel. We're very glad we did. We arrived hours before check-in not expecting to be given a room. They put us in a room with the king sized bed we requested, on the top floor (17th) of the hotel. I was concerned there would be noise from the service elevator our room was adjacent to, but heard nothing for the 2 days we were there - we felt like we were the only ones in the hotel! Room was immaculate, AC worked nicely and wasn't too loud, and the concierge helped us with getting transportation back to the airport. It was on a safe street, short walk to Times Square, subway, etc. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Close To Everything! This place was very welcoming --even at 10:30pm at night when we got in after being delayed 5 hours in Ottawa and Toronto. The staff was very helpful and kind, the lobbey very inviting--but the most joyful moment was entering a very clean, and cozy room with a mini-fridge and microwave to boot! I am a fanatic about clean bathrooms especially and I was very pleased soaking in the bath after a long day. New York is for walking, and this hotel is PERFECTLY LOCATED! To your right several blocks is the Air and Sea Intrepid Museum, and two blocks east is Times Square, Broadway; a couple more blocks and you are on Fifth Avenue. You are also just a short walk from ORSO a great Italian restaurant. My husband and I would walk everywhere--even the Empire States Building- and somehow getting 'home' for a quick rest was always easily done. This is the best value for money I have ever experienced!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandemus
<Content>A little gem A little gem in the middle of New York madness. This hotel is on a quiet tree lined street 5 mins walk from Time Square. The hotel staff are exremely obliging and nothing was too much trouble. Our room was very large with 2 double beds and spotlessly clean. Visit Scuffy Duffys pub just around the corner where there's a great atmosphere and friendly service. We will definately return to this well kept hotel   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love the Belveder I try and stay at the Belvedere any time I go to New York. Just got back last night and they were once again wonderful. Everyone is so nice and friendly. They were sold out and kept me on a waiting list and called and got me a room. The quoted price was good but when I got there they gave me an even better rate!! Can't imagine that happens anywhere. The rooms are always clean, neat and ready. If you are staying the in the City - book a room at the Belvedere!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location. Stayed at The Belvedere for 3 nights and overall thought the hotel was really good value. Room was clean and well decorated and was larger than we expected given what we had read about New York hotels. The location is really good (took under 5 mins to walk to Times Sq). Also, on the final day they held our bags until the evening after we checked out without any problems which was really useful. Only real gripe was the unhelpful concierge. Basically, it seems that they have contracts for transport (obviously not the cheapest!) and will not help to arrange alternatives. That said, we did book Shuttle Bus to JFK through them and the driver couldn't have been more helpful.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lizzydog
<Content>Belvedere needs some fine tuning As others have stated the Belvedere is in a very good location. Also, as has been stated, it can be noisy from the sirens. If your room is by an elevator, the people outside talking will sound as if they are in your room. However, the only significant problem we encounter was the electricity in our room going out everytime we used the hairdryer, with the a/c or with the tv. That is really annoying and a big inconvenience even if it doesn't take long to get it back on. Also, room 1216 bathroom is so small you will have to sit sideways on the toliet or bang your knees on the wall, and I am only 52. It was clean and most of the staff very helpful. Next time I go I will probably try a different hotel.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous hotel My husband  I stayed at the Belvedere for our anniversary in Nov. 2003. It was so much more than we expected. The room was quite large, 2 double beds, a desk, a chair off to the side for reading or just relaxing, mini fridge  microwave, which came in very handy when we went out to eat and brought back the left overs to have for breakfast. Bathroom a bit small, but for NY, probably average. We absolutely loved this hotel and won't even consider staying anywhere else on our next visit to the Big Apple!   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look no further....this is the one. After months of searching and reading reviews, I finally chose the Blevedere and am glad I did. My husband and I had no complaints about this hotel.As written hundreds of times by others, the location is great, away from the heavy traffic but close enough to everything. We walked to Rockefellow Ctr, Grand Centra Terminal, and Madame Taussads Wax Museum with no problems subways, Broadway is a block away, and so is Times Square and NY sightseeing tour buses. Early check in was not a problem and the staff is very friendly and acommidating. The rooms are very clean and average sized, the bathroom is small, the only thing missing was counterspace but there is a shelf for storing makeup, toiletries etc. therefore that was not a problem. We stayed in room 1407 had no problems with noise, or heat or elevator traffic.The elevators are small. the in room safe came in handy as well as the kichenette. Wake up calls were prompt, no alarm clock in the room. The Olympic Resturant around the corner is good and reasonably priced for breakfast. Doorman very nice about holding luggage after check-out for late departure visitors. Didnt have time to use hotel's other ammendities, too busy having fun on the town. Overall, the Belvedere is the right hotel choice for those who prefer clean, quiet, friendly,not too lavish hotels at a decent price.We enjoyed it!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved this hotel my husband and I spent 10 nights at this hotel and could not have been more pleased. The aesthetics, cleanliness, location and staff were excellent and went beyond our expectations.This was our second trip to NYC; the first time we stayed at the Park South which I can also recommend but would pick the Belvedere again since the cost was significantly less.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Locale but okay Service We Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights recently, and we had requested a room with a King size bed. Unfortunately, they were never able to move us to a king room, because they were booked. I was told to call early each morning to the front desk to request to be moved to a king room. This was frustrating, because we would have rather had them call our room when a king was available, or be put on a list and notified. Everything else about the hotel was fine. They held our bags and assisted in transportation. They were knowledgable about average prices for a taxi to go to LGA and how long it would take. Nice bellman.Overall, the Belvedere is a good hotel centrally located in the Theatre District. It's really good if sleeping in a room with two doubles is what you need.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChaddsFord
<Content>Splendid Hotel! My friend, my two children and myself could not have been happier with our 2 night weekend stay at the Belvedere. It was everything the reviews have already stated. Superb cleanliness, convenient and safe location, good-sized room, comfortable beds, nice little kitchenette area and friendly staff. All this in New York City for a very affordable price. Their AAA discount was helpful in keeping costs down. I wouldn't think twice of booking this hotel again if I ever return to New York City and will definitely recommend it to all of my friends.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, clean room I stayed at this hotel for one night while waiting to meet up with friends. The hotel is a great value and the room while on the small side was very clean and had everything you needed. In addition it has a little kitchen with a small fridge, microwave and coffee station. The hotel is located on a quiet tree lined street and close to all the midtown attractions. There are several great places to eat within one block of the hotel and Times square is just a few blocks away. Overall, I was impressed with this hotel for the price. If you are looking for a clean and comfortable 3 star hotel in a great location this is the place. The staff was friendly and eager to help. The only real complaints I have is that you can hear noise from the hallway and from the fire station down the block. Otherwise there was no traffic noise from the street below. If I came to nyc again and was on a tight budget I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>love2grdn
<Content>Great Location The hotel is conveniently located near the many places to visit in mid-town Manhattan. The room was a bit larger than the usual room size in that area of NYC. AC with remote. Little kitchenette comes in handy. The bathroom was as tiny as it can be and lacks a counter but it had new tile and was clean. Good water pressure too.I would definately return here on another visit. You can't beat the location and the price.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chellerie
<Content>Great location and price! This was my 8th trip to New York City in 9 years and for the price, this is the best hotel I have stayed at. It is nothing fancy, no room service or bar located in the hotel but who spends that much time at their hotel anyway. I know I dont. The rooms were clean, staff friendly, and perfect location. I will definitely stay here again. I have stayed everywhere from the Washington Square Hotel to the Marriott Marquis and for the value this hotel beats all others that I have stayed. I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Francoise
<Content>Great hotel, great location Just spent 3 nights at the Belvedere. It filled all of my requirements for a good hotel. Price was $145 per night, clean rooms with new decor, easy walking distance to restaurants, and theaters. This part of W. 48th street was very quiet. I will stay here again on my next trip to New York City.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AZTravelman09
<Content>Belvedere Offers Great Value We had a great time at the Belvedere from May 19-26, as my wife and I celebrated our 1st anniversary. You are 5 mins. walking distance from Times Square, Broadway plays, the subway, and two blocks from Restaurant Row on 46th St. We felt safe walking to/from the hotel at all times of the day/night. We had a room on the 14th floor, right next to the elevator, and had no problems. You WILL hear sirens from time to time, but I have to imagine that this would occur anywhere else. You are in NYC!! We had a few problems during our week long stay, but they were fixed quickly. The only recommendation I can make is to bypass the concierge. For the most part, information they gave us was refuted by locals. If you are coming from JFK, take the AirTrain to Jamaica Station, and then the E train (it is an express train) to the 50th St. Station in Manhattan. That will leave you 2 very short blocks from the hotel for $7 total, and took us under an hour. We felt very safe on the subway. Enjoy, and hope this review helped!! We will stay at the Belvedere again!!  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sauble06
<Content>Great hotel, great location! Following a Bermuda cruise out of New York, we booked a nite in this great hotel, and found it to be clean, spacious and charming... The staff was very accomodating, courteous and helpful.. The rooms were larger than most hotel rooms in this price range, which was excellent as well, if booked early. The location is a big asset, just two short blocks to Times Square! We will definitely recommend it, and stay here again on our next trip to New York.Thanks Pat HOttawa CA  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, decent room Stayed 3 nights in mid-May. Insider tip: Rooms ending in 12, 14, 16, 18 are 1/3 bigger than the rest of the rooms. Good: Location can't be beat! Heart of midtown, super convenient to both uptown and downtown. Not as good: Our furniture was very worn, the AC unit was in a piece of plywood in the wall, some peeling wallpaper, loose cable in TV unit - kept having to get up to fix it. But the bedding and window coverings looked newish, so I would rate the room as average. Could hear sirens from fire station on corner, but only occasionally. In all, worth it for the superb location and good value.   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LPPTraveller
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Service I just stayed at the Belvedere and I loved it. It's a great location on 48th St., right around the corner from hotels costing $300 a night on Broadway. You can walk everywhere to bars, restaurants, nightlife. There are several metro stops also. The hotel is clean and the staff very helpful and friendly from the front desk to the doorman. The rooms were really nice with a fridge/sink (there are a few grocery store shops right around the corner on 8th st.if you want to stock up your fridge) Everything in the hotel looks new from marble floors in the bathroom and lobby and nice bed linens. This is definitely NY's best kept secret. We paid only $144 a night, and you can't stay anywhere else for this location/cleanlines and price. Definitely recommend staying here.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Experienced some problems during our stay... My daughter and I stayed here Dec 21-29. The first night we stayed in a room on the 11th floor that had a horrible bathroom-stained bathtub, broken tiles, cracked toilet seat, etc. The next day I insisted on a room change and we were given a room on the other side, same floor, and it was so much better. A little noisy since it was next to the service elevator, and in the middle of the night, we would hear dripping from ?? The rest of the stay went fine. However, with the problems that we experienced, I don't think we will come back.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for New York After seeing the reviews we decided to give it a try and were not disapointed.Good position and reasonable price. We heeded the tip about asking for a room on a high floor and would recommend this as the only disturbance was a fire station call out but no traffic noise.Our only gripe is that the TV cabinet took up so much room.Why bother with a massive TV as we came to New York to spend time out of the room and the extra space would have been appreciated,but hey didn't I just say that the room is only for sleeping in!!!   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere very much!       View of our room at the 17th or 16th (can't remember) floor  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tmbrod
<Content>Simply Fine, Incredible Value Almost everything was just right. Small hotel, front desk and bell staff unobtrusive and HELPFUL, elevators work well, bed very comfortable, room clean and well supplied with basics like 4 glasses changed daily, microwave oven and small 'fridge handy, and supremely knowledgable concierge. Overall, incredible value for NYC.Location - theater district and restaurant row - not bad, although going south on 8th is very down-scale (but feels safe--lots of police blending in everywhere--never got an aggressive vibe from police or civilians). . Firestation around the corner never bothered us with noise, even though room faced the street (on 15th floor may have helped--that height certainly helped make the room bright and airy feeling.)  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nellecc
<Content>NICE PLACE This hotel is in a fabulous location for visiting all of the city. We walked everywhere, except to ground zero, which is down town. The rooms are very clean and well equipped with hairdryer, iron and board.....no kettle though! Beds very comfortable, staff knowledgable and very helpful.The only complaints I have is that there is no gym at the hotel although you can be referred to a total fitness gym and the other thing is that our room was next to the lift and well, lets just say certain citizens of the world are rather loud when engaged in conversation with people two feet away from them!!Other than that, i would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a decent place to stay.The BB King bar and grill on 42nd is an absolute must. Don't bother going to see the musical 'Rent' ........absolute twoddle!  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and comfortable hotel! We spent 3 nights at the Belvedere Hotel in the last week of april. Nice, comfortable and clean rooms, good service and the hotel not too big. Very centrally situated. Although nice pubs in the neighbourhood, we missed a hotelbar or an all day open caf茅.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere My wife, our two young boys and I stayed at the Belvedere for three nights, April 20-23 and had a wonderful experience. First of all, we found a very reasonable rate of $135 per night by dealing with Expedia. Upon our arrival, we requested a high floor and were graciously accomodated, receiving a large, meticulously kept room with two very comfortable double beds and a microwave and minifridge. We thought that the size of the bathroom, though not big, was fine. The only drawback was that the room got a bit warm, so we opened the window. (The air conditioner did not cool the temperature very much, as far as we could tell.) To echo others, the location is outstanding! Not only is it easy to get to Times Square, Grand Central, Central Park, and other places, but the New York Visitors Bureau is only a few blocks away. Gray Line Tours have their main building around the corner and just down Eighth Avenue with open-air doubledecker buses departing very frequently (the night tours are especially fun). And, the Hudson is maybe half a mile away, with a bike/running path paralleling the West Side Highway. One of our mornings, we were able to get there to see the Queen Mary 2 coming into port on its maiden voyage. Riding the subway is very safe and inexpensive, and if you are confused in any way, the people working the booths at each station are very helpful. Also, if you go out at night, the Belvedere's location is safe. We went to a night game at Shea Stadium, got off at Grand Central Station on West 42nd and walked back to the hotel at 10:30 PM. It was kind of fascinating to see so many people out on a Tuesday night in April. Without question, we plan to return to the Belvedere.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChilliinOttawa
<Content>Liked it Very Much! Just returned from the Belvedere after taking my 16 year old daughter for her special birthday. Read many tripadvisor reviews which were consistently better than the majority of hotels and took our chances on this hotel -we weren't disappointed. Great value for your money. Recieved the CAA rate of $140 for each of first two nights and $136 for last - be careful though not to forget your card - I made these reservations long ago and forgot to bring my card - there are no exceptions (I had to have the imprint faxed to the hotel), otherwise a much higher rate would apply. On another note, we had requested a king size bed on top floor and that's what we got - only problem was that the room iwas quite small (after I had read that the rooms were spacious!) and the bathroom was beyond tiny, although the linens were classy. We asked to be moved to a room with two doubles which was considerably bigger, also bigger bathrooms, storage, etc. - great comfortable room - lots of noise at night though due to large groups of teens (maybe a little older?) travelling together - this is New York and I'm not sure that you could avoid that in most hotels. Location can't be beat!! Try Daniela for breakfast (between 45th and 46th on 8th, next to Euro Diner) - great specials at $6.95 includes coffee and juice - excellent food, service and atmosphere (tried Olympic Diner which although relatively inexpensive had greasy food, and Euro Diner which had no service and high prices). Also, Da Rosini on restaurant row - homemade pasta, reasonable prices, excellent service. Belvedere is near all of this, Times Square and much more. We'll be returning and have already recommended this hotel highly.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AlistairCoy
<Content>A Superb Choice We returned this morning from a 4 day trip to New York and stayed at The Belvedere after, as usual, reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.Again we were not disappointed and this is one great venue and location for anyone visiting New York.The hotel is beautifully located on 48th Street and very close to Broadway and Times Square with great accessibility to the subway and all areas of NY.The staff were great, the hotel beautifully maintained and the room looked as if it had been recently refurbished. It even had a fridge and microwave.You really don't need to look any further for New York accommodation at a competitive price and I would recommend this hotel without reservation.Incidentally, it is easy to get to from JFK. Take the Airtrain to Jamaica Centre and then the E to 50th Street. The Belvedere is very close by and I hope you enjoy the hotel and NY as much as we have just done.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere was great My husband had business in NYC April 1-4. I went along and we took our 16 year old daughter and her best friend. We booked one room at the Belvedere with two double beds. It was excellent! Plenty of room for all of us. A nice, clean and spacious room. The staff was helpful, courteous and prompt. We will be staying at the Belvedere the next time we go to New York.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's all true The Belvedere is a great choice in NYC. It is a good value in a terrific location. The room was clean and surprisingly large, and the microwave and mini-fridge were appreciated. The street noise was expected, but not bothersome. My wife and 14-year old daughter stayed four nights in early April, and will stay there again when return. We were 100% satisfied with this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we will stay there again! Just back from NYC. My husband, Kids and myself. We had a ball. This hotel is great. We got our adjoining rooms. Lovely rooms. comfy beds. hot water. All round very good. No bar though. Thats our only slightly neg comment. Lots of bars near-by.Very central location too.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>G99UGS
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights at the end of March and couldn't fault it. We chose the hotel based on the many positive reviews (thank you fellow reviewers). We arrived 4 hours early for check-in, we had to wait less than 10 minutes for our room. I am very fussy about cleanliness and couldn't find a single thing to pick at, the room was exceptionally clean, comfortable and spacious. We tried both the full buffet breakfast and the continental breakfast, both were more than adequate, but try the Olympic Diner just around the corner for very filling, cheap breakfasts. Front desk staff were fine, the concierge was extremely helpful as were the doormen and bellhops. It was our first trip to New York and we loved every second of it! We'd heard that New Yorkers could be a bit grumpy and brusque, not so!! Everyone we met even down to the cab drivers were friendly and polite. We will definitely be going back to New York and will stay at the Belvedere again, location is brilliant, less than 5 mins walk to Times Square. As for the few negative reviews about the hotel, we can't believe that they stayed at the same hotel. We arranged to meet a Big Apple Greeter as it was our first trip to NY, what a wonderful experience that was, all done by volunteers for free, we got the chance to see neighbourhoods we probably wouldn't have got round to and a chance to ride the buses and subways easily and for free, very highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay in NY! My wife and I spent a week in NY this past summer (2003). The Belvedere Hotel was wonderful find. Great rooms, service and a great breakfast. The price was a bargain! We got more for less than some friends who stayed at the Marriott a few blocks away.Stay here and you'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem in New York City Thank you fellow reviewers. The Belvedere was a great choice for our very recent stay in NYC. The staff was wonderful, extremely polite, quick to respond to a problem (of our doing) and check in was a breeze. We arrived over two hours early for check in time but we were able to get to our room immediately. The room for NYC was great. Yes the bathroom was tiny, but come on folks, these are older buildings and you really should not expect the size you get in the newer modern hotels elsewhere in the country. We have stayed at others for double the cost and were not as satisfied. The location was also perfect. All in all an A+ experience. We will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mid-town's Best Kept Secret My wife and I just returned from a three night stay at the Belvedere. I booked this hotel after reading the many positive reviews on this site. Generally when visiting Manhattan we stay in a Marriott property but this time I took a chance and tried a new hotel. I was a little worried because I've heard horror stories about some of Manhattan's independent hotels.We couldn't have been happier. Our room (#628)was spacious, extremely clean and nicely appointed. The bathroom likewise was extremely clean.Located on 48th Street between 8th  9th Avenues, the hotel is a 5 minute walk to Times Square and most of the broadway theatres. Central Park and the Lincoln Center are a ten minute walk. The location was perfect.There is no room service or in-room mini-bar. However, our room did include a small kicthen area complete with a sink and mini fridge which we stalked with our own treats that we bought nearby.There are two restaurants on site - I believe that they may be independently operated. We did not try these as we visited other favorite restaurants that we've come to love over the years.Previously we've stayed at the nearby Marriott Marquis - and while the Belvedere does not have all the amenities of a Marriott, we also did not pay for them. More importantly the room was just as clean, stylish and nearly as spacious. And, about one third the cost!We'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ishrogh
<Content>Great choice After reading countless reviews of hotels on this site, I chose the Belvedere. It was a great choice. The hotel has an excellent mid-town location, is clean; the staff are friendly and helpful. It's affordabe and great value for the money. This hotel is perfect for tourists who need a comfortable place to rest and sleep. I would return without hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Belvedere !!!! A couple of weeks ago, I stayed at The Belvedere and was pleasantly surprised. First, I arrived early and wanted to just store my luggage. The front desk checked to see if my room was ready and it was! I opened the door and was so shocked, it was fantastic! Complete with a fridge, faucet and storage cabinets and drawers. The bathroom was clean and well lit. The bedroom area was tastefully decorated (bed was comfortable too!). I hated to leave this hotel and would definitely return again. Check out the full buffet breakfast--delicious. Service is terrific too! The only thing that was a little disappointing was the elevators, slow and small. So allow yourself extra time if you have to be somewhere.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssims6
<Content>Great location This place has the best location for the price in New York City. Very conviently located, lavish room, friendly staff. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My girlfriends and I stayed here for a girls weekend in Sept. 2003. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us, it's within walking distance to Times Square and the subway. The staff are friendly and helpful. Not great views, but great location and great price. Very clean hotel - We would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unwanted guests For the most part, the Hotel was o.k. The desk staff seemed to have an attitude when asked questions, and the check in process was rushed... could use improvement. During our stay we encountered (3) cockroaches in (2) nights. The front desk was notified each time and removed the unwated guests from our room. I would not stay there again, but if you don't mind roaches then go ahead.... just bring bug spray.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler213
<Content>Fabulous Property In An Excellent Location I stayed at the Belvedere from 2/26-2/29, 2004 and absolutely loved the property. The rooms were very clean, comfortable, well-equipped and modern. The heat/ac systems could use some work, but they functioned well. The lobby and guestrooms are absolutely beautiful but the corridors are showing some signs of wear.I stayed with a group, so I'm not quite sure what the room rate was, but I did hear that it was around $135 for a triple! This is absolutely outstanding value for New York...especially since we were within walking distance of Times Square and the midtown attractions.Meals were (although a good value for New York) quite pricey. You're better off hitting a Deli or Bagel cart for breakfast and picking up lunch and dinner off property as well. But the ambience of the restaurant is very unique and enjoyable for those willing to spend the extra money.I work for a Hotel in Niagara Falls, NY and can receive deep discounts on hotel rooms in my chain. However, I was so pleased with The Belvedere that I will be glad to spend the extra money to stay there each time I'm in New York.Stay at the Belvedere...you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal Location I have just returned from New York  had the pleasure of staying at the Belevedere Hotel. The location of the Belevedere is great - 3 mins walk to Times Square  15 mins to Macy's/Empire State Building or Central Park/5th Ave. Rooms were spacious, clean  well equipped. The staff could not do enough to help you  the concierge service is very good. Would not hesitate to recommend the Belevedere  would certainly stay there again if I get the chance to visit NYC again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay for the money! I spent a lot of time reading reviews of several NYC hotels. The Belvedere seemed to have an extraordinary high number of favorable reviews. After an exhaustive search, I decided to book a reservation with them. My experience was a positive one and I would stay there again. It's affordable, nice, clean,  conveniently located hotel. True to most reviews, yes, the bathroom is small with virtually no space for a curling iron or make-up related accessories. Regardless, I recommend this hotel if your looking for an affordable, pleasant stay in NYC!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location! Perfect Hotel! We went to NYC for the Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade. We stayed at The Belvedere for 9 nights. We had the best time! The location was perfect for our needs! We watched the parade two blocks from the hotel. We saw 10 broadway shows, and each theater was literally no further than three blocks on either side of us (except for one show in Greenwich Village, but it was a mere 1 block walk to the train).The room was clean and the staff were amazingly friendly and helpful! The room had an inroom safe, microwave, coffee pot and mini refridgerator. We picked up bagels and croissants on our way home from the theatre for breakfast everyday!I recommend this establishment whole heartedly! The previous time we visited NYC we stayed at the Waldorf Astoria on Park Avenue . . . and we would pick the Belvedere without a second thought.The location will get you, and the staff and rooms will keep you coming back!They made our holiday stay perfect!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel What a great hotel. Situated in just off 8th Avenue, it is ideally located. The rooms are tidy and stylish. Bathroom is great, and the kitchen is handy for those take-outs from the Deli.The lifts are not the quickest I've seen (Tip: use one of the lifts at the end of the corridor - as not many people use them).I would definitely stay at this hotel again - very good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much much more We stayed here 9/1/04 - 12/1/04 You always expect the worse, especialy on the net, but I was so happy when I arrived at this hotel. It was wonderful, staff were very friendly and the hotel was Clean, Beds were comfy and warm. Would stay here again like a shot. The food was good too. One thing I would have liked was Tea in my room instead of coffee, but thats a personal choice.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average price, average stay We stayed for two nights at the Belvedere on 2/29-2/30. The room was okay, the view was nice, but the hotel was very noisy at night. The hotel staff were at best okay. The service in the cafe was mediocre. The front desk staff were barely awake. I suppose you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PigletNewMarket_MD
<Content>Great little secret! Our room was spacious for NYC, clean, quiet, nicely appointed, and any needs were immediately taken care of by the staff, followed by a call from reception to make sure we were satisfied. The cafe serves a nice buffet breakfast ($15.00 for full brkfst), and the location is great for shows, museums, and Central Park. A terrific value, The Belvedere will become our regular stop in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful staff-big rooms I stayed at this Hotel 2/7-2/10 because of the great reviews on this site-and I am so glad I did-Everything about our stay was wonderful. nice, clean, big rooms and good price. Breakfast Buffet fit for a Queen. Very nice, helpful staff. Quiet, Great Location within walking distance to all the action, warm and cozy after a long day of fun in NYC. I can't say enough good things about The Belvedere I highly recommend this wonderful Hotel. and I will be back.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ideal location very pleased with room, spacious, tastefully decorated and very clean. Bathroom small but perfectly adequate. Coffee maker and fridge a useful extra. I was a little worried about checking in - price hikes etc, but we found all staff helpful and polite (for NY). Best of all is the location, easy walking distance of everywhere - hardly used the subway. Would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amybatt
<Content>Definitely above average, but nothing special We stayed here for a quick theater trip to NYC. We decided to try some place different this time. Overall it was a fine experience, there was just nothing special about it that would draw me back. The location is about a block and a half from the top end of Times Square. It's two blocks from restaurant row. The room was extremely clean, smoke-free and quiet even though we were on the fourth floor front (the heat was a bit bumpy, but not so that I couldn't sleep). It's just that there was nothing about it that really made me say Wow. I found the hotel staff to be fine, very courteous but not overly so. The bellhops were great with us, storing the luggage after check-out until our late train home. Breakfast was pretty standard and nothing exceptional, but good for $15 in NYC. I'd definitely stay here again in a pinch and recommend it if you're not looking for anything special.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sherry68
<Content>Thoroughly pleased After much obsessing over all the reviews, I reserved a room at the Belvedere for 3 nights for myself, my husband, and ll year old daugher; February 17-20. We stayed on the 12th floor and have no complaints. We are fairly fussy, but were pleased with the immaculate housekeeping, the responsiveness of the staff, and the location of the hotel. We had no problem with noise at night. I do agree that the rooms can be somewhat warm, but we turned on the air conditioner which had the dual purpose of providing white noise to block any potential sounds. The bathroom was not large, but certainly was adequate and up to date.The fridge was handy, though we never used the microwave or coffee maker.The location was terrrific for midtown. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel or returning to it another time.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, terrible staff The hotel itself has a very nice location, and the rooms were more than adequate for our stay over Valentine's day. The staff, however, needs some work. This was absolutely the rudest bunch of customer service folks I have ever dealt with. They tried jacking up the price on the room, over the price given at time of reservation. They cheated us out of breakfasts that were supposed to be included in room rate at time of reservation. Not to mention two extremely rude encounters with front desk personell over a fire-alarm chirping because of low battery at 1:00AM, and during checkout.Bottom line, I would spend more money to get decent folks behind the counter. We will stay elsewehere nextime.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMA07
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the Belvedere in early February, and had a really good experience. The rate was fantastic--$119 with a AAA discount, to which we added $20 a night for a full breakfast for the three of us. The room decor was plain, but pleasant, and spacious for New York. They gave us a room high up and we had a nice city view. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. We thought the bathroom was a little cramped (no way two people are going to be in there getting ready at once), but everything worked well. The best thing was that the room had coffeemaking, a microwave and a fridge that was Not a minibar full of overpriced junk, but just a fridge to use if you wanted to keep some drinks, etc., in your room. (Only down side was that they give you coffee but no tea or hot chocolate mix). We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was huge, varied and well worth the small amount of extra money; but if you don't take it there, the Olympic Diner, just around the corner to the left, is a great place for any meal. The Plataforma Brazilian restaurant, located in the same building, is excellent, though dinner there will cost more than your room. The hotel shop could use fewer souvenirs and more magazines and other practical things. The location is great, walkable to everything in midtown. On the whole, there is nothing so exceptional here that the hotel is a destination in itself, but who needs that in New York anyway? It has everything you need for a comfortable stay.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two Thumbs-Up for the Belvedere! Price/product was outstanding! Clean, comfortable, excellent location - the Belvedere was exactly what we hoped for (*thank you* Trip Advisor reviewers). No excessive frills, but didn't need them and didn't want to pay for them. We asked for upper level floors upon check-in to avoid some street volume - we got the 10th floor and noise was never an issue. Only quirk was no exhaust fan in our bathroom. Other possible issue is that heat control can only be accessed by staff. Too-hot condition was quickly remedied with a call to the front desk, though. Also, if Internet access is desired to check emails and for short-term web surfing, don't pay the $10.95 per 4-hr.(?) time block from the T.V. in your room. It uses clunky Web-TV interface and is tough to negotiate. Instead, find the high-speed terminals in the Business Services room off the lobby. $1/4 minutes access rate - I could check and respond to all of my email in $2 blocks of time. At busy access times, also would recommend use of elevators at end of halls rather than the two at main entry point to speed ascent/descent. Pigalle restaurant on nearby corner was our staple for reasonably-priced, hearty breakfasts.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Find I found out about this hotel from the reviews on this site and I'm so glad! What a find! A large room with two double beds, a mini fridge, coffee maker, all a few blocks away from Times Square, and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg! The staff was very accomodating, the rooms were clean and the location is awesome. I'll stay there next time.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I totally recommend it!! This has been so far the best hotel I have stayed in NY City. Staff was very friendly and courteous. My favorite features about the hotel were its location and room. The hotel?s location is just perfect! It is located in a quite block especially for those light sleepers. It is only one block and a half from Broadway Blvd and a few blocks away from Times Square. The room was a normal size room when normally most hotel rooms in NY City are so tiny that you can barely move. Everything was clean and neat. In addition, I found the room rate to be very affordable and even cheap for the great amenities and features that this hotel has to offer. I will definitely stay here again next time I visit NY City.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>convenience at a good price This was our second stay at the Belvedere. We arrived at noon and were given a room right away, even though check-in was at 4:00pm. Room was clean, 2 queen beds, coffee maker, microwave  fridge. Staff were helpful especially the doormen. We were amazed at how close we were to the theatres and restaurant row! Only negative comment was that parking rates were not made clear to us upon arrival - Next time, I'll ask first!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay here any day! We really enjoyed our stay here. The rooms were clean  spacious. The staff was very accommodating  the housekeeping was wonderful. The front desk staff was very helpful  friendly. The Belvedere hotel had a great location! You can't get much closer than that. Everything was to hand - restaurants, taxis, Skaters skate at Rockefeller Center  more. From Midtown, you can get anywhere  see anything. You haven't seen New York if you haven't been here. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. This place was great.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but cold and noise room We spent two days at the Belvedere and the hotel was very clean and staff polite. Our room on the 4th floor was otherwise good but the street noise was really disturbing during the nights. Also when it was cold outside it was really windy inside as well.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndieF
<Content>Exceeded expectations We stayed at the Belvedere the weekend of January 24, 2004. We arrived early but were still able to check into our room. The desk clerk really made an effort to find a room that suited our needs, and the rest of the staff was helpful as well. We ended up on the 15th floor, in a bigger-than-expected room with a great view of the area. The kitchenette was a nice asset, the bed was comfortable, tv reception excellent. One thing we loved was being able to actually open the windows for fresh air. The bathroom and the room itself were both spotless. For the prices, the Belvedere is unbeatable. We're already planning our next trip to the city, and we're planning to stay there.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay in Manhatten My wife and I take a trip to New York once or twice a year and always agonize over the price of the hotels. Do we stay in a cheap hotel (if there is such a thing in New York) and hate every second we are in the room or do we splash out and stay in a fancy hotel and then spend the entire time in fear of the final bill ? Based on the reviews at this site, we stayed at The Belverdere for two nights earlier this month and were more than delighted. The lobby, although small, was pleasant and well lit and the check-in was quick, courteous and efficient. Our room, with a king size bed, was a good size with views over the roof tops of New York. The bathroom was small but well equipped and very clean. I esepcially liked the curved shower curtain rod - a nice touch which made the shower just a little bit bigger and something I had never seen before. Even though it was January, the room was warm (too warm) but running the a/c for a few minutes cooled it down nicely. I don't much like window a/c units and I wonder how well it would work in the summer, but it wasn't a problem on this trip. The buffet breakfast was included in the room price and although not gourmet, it was more than adequate. The location is great - as central as you could hope for, especially if you are planning to go to any shows. Finally, the price - $149 per night. Fantastic ! This is where we will be staying from now on.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Nicer Side of Functional I went to NY with my family last November. My parents wanted to do the trip as cheaply as possible, why pay lots for a hotel when we'll literally only be sleeping there whereas I wanted to stay somewhere extra nice, seeing as we're on holiday. The Belvedere is the perfect compromise. It's the nicer end of functional, they dont do room service or any extras. However,its clean, very very central (Times Square in under 10 mins) and the rooms were much bigger than i'd expected from NY. Re the room itself, I didnt feel anything was lacking, it was actually just as good as what I would have expected from a more expensive hotel, all I would say is that other hotels may have more amentities in their general areas. eg restaurant, bar etc So it depends what you're after.They do a great buffet breakfast which is excellant value, it came included in our package and we were v impressed. On our last day the staff were happy to arrange a late checkout and then mind our luggage until we had to leave for the airport. I would compare this hotel to a four star irish hotel. one tip though, ask for a room away from the elevator! There was some slight noise from the this and it was the only down point to the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High class hotel WOW! I was extremely impressed with this hotel! First of all, I did my homework-I checked all the reviews on this site. I'm glad I did, as the Belvedere is definetly a great hotel. I arrived a couple of hours early, no big deal, my room was ready. Although I had reserved a room with 1 bed, I got one with 2. Who cares-more room for me! The room was immaculate. It had a small fridge and microwave and coffee maker. The beds were comfy. The bathroom was spotless. Staff was very friendly. This hotel is only a few blocks away from Times Square. I felt very safe walking around there, even at night. Check out the area merchants, you will receive a little booklet upon check in with some info. I will definetly plan on staying here again!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SarahandMarkSurrey
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Belvedere in November 2003.The hotel is situated in a side street, only 5 minutes aware from Times Square, but far enough to escape the hustle and bustle. We had a room on the 15th floor so noise wasn't too much of a problem.The heating was up far too high in the rooms and being so high up we could only open our window a fraction which meant that sleeping in that heat was quite uncomfortable. We also had a problem in that our toilet blocked 3 times when we were there! They did resolve the problem quickly and without fuss but I did find the attitude of their reception staff to be quite rude and not at all accommodating, or apologetic!Having said this, the rooms were a good size and clean and we had no other problems. I would stay there again so would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting, because of its location, cleanliness and reasonable pricing.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe expected too much Maybe I expected too much of this hotel.... I stayed in an executive King room on the 21st Jan. It's location is good, if not excellent for all activities around Times Square, but a couple of things that I didn't realise when I booked: No Room Service Small bathrooms Internet access is $8 per day Not enough to put you off a stay, but just my 2p.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible local management I had a very bad experience in the hotel, in particular with thair manager on duty (Robert Grippo). For instance, the hotel did not honor the reservation rate, even though it was re-confirmed at checkin. Afterwards, Mr Grippo handled the situation with no professionalism.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trixi22
<Content>Amazing - 4th dec to 9th Dec After 9months of waiting our shopping trip of a lifetime had arrived. 3 friends and myself packed numerous amounts of suitcases to head to the big apple. To be honest I was anguish about being there myself but there was absoutly nothing to worry about as I was soon to realise. Got to the hotel at about 1pm and the had everything waiting for us, we were able to book in straight away and we dumped our cases donned our hat and gloves (v v cold) and off we went - exploring. 10mins straight down is times sq - amazing with the lights and shops. Biggest Toy-r-us in the world. Although we walked all weekend until the last day when we went to China Town. Bloomingdales and Macys are lovely too. Port Authority Station is 10mins to the right - go to Woodbury Common (outlet centre with 100 stores) $8 a return ticket you will spend all day there!! You are not close to 34th St, China Town, Litlle Italy but this isn't a problem as there are stations everywhere although you can walk. The hotel its self is lovely. Value for money. The concierge are so helpful. I was due to met friends and had brought presents but they couldn't come so they kept them for me. Full of knowledge even down to ordering pizza!! We had a quad room - brill really nice size including the bathroom and small kitchen. You will love this ideal and made our trip special  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location, excellent value The Belvedere is a fabulous hotel. Great location, great rooms which are spotlessly clean and very friendly helpful staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York and I will certainly be visiting again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SF_Sandy
<Content>The reviews were right... My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere December 21-23, 2003. We arrived at 11:30 a.m. and they were able to give us a room right away. It was right next to the elevator, but the room was quiet nonetheless. The room was also very clean and more spacious than I expected. The location was GREAT, a short walk to Times Square but far enough to get away from the noise and craziness. There are also many great restaurants surrounding the hotel. When we came back to the hotel at night, it was over 90 degrees in our room; the heater was not on and the window was open a little (it was 30 degrees outside). Apparently one side of the hotel (that the elevator is on) is much hotter than the other so if you like a cooler room, ask for the other side. At our request they changed our room with no problem. The only other small complaint is that the elevators were extremely slow and one broke during our stay. But overall, it was a very nice hotel and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Concorde2003
<Content>Loved the Belvedere I absolutely loved the Belvedere. I was excellently received on arrival (at my first time in NYC and America). My room was SUPERB and the hotel had gone out of their way to meet my special request to give me a room with a view. All contacts with and requests of the staff were responded to immaculately.Locationwise, the hotel is very well positoned for Broadway, the tube and all amenities, whilst being in a pleasant quiet location. Concierege and porters were absolutely excellent. Definitely my first choice for NYC in the future.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Deal Our Stay in the Belvedere from Dec.23,-03-Jan.02,04 was great.We had a nice room in the 12th floor. The staff was very helpful and friendly.We are from Germany and were in some hotels in NYC but the Belvedere will be our next choice.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some AC/Heat issues, but a great stay Hi,I made our reservations based on all the positive reviews here. I used the actual hotel's website to make the reservation, and find any specials available.We stayed Dec 12-15, and arrived early in the morning at 9:30 am. A room was available with the requested upper floor and king bed. We were right next to the elevator, but heard no noise.Upon returning later in the evening, the room was about 100 degrees. After several calls, a workman came up. He turned the radiator down and the in-window A/C up. So we had the battling systems all weekend. You'd think they'd have instructions about this or something.Other than that, everything was great. The location, the included breakfast, the cleanliness. Always felt safe. Bit of a rush for the elevators in the mornings. I recommend this hotel highly.oj  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tampa_FLTampaGirl
<Content>Loved it as much the second time around This was our second time in as many years staying at the Belvedere. We found the hotel to be as nice as we remembered from our first stay. The staff was especially helpful in working around a change in our room reservations. We're already planning another trip in Dec 2004 and will definitely stay at 'The B' again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel at a great NY price! After researching hotels on TripAdvisor I had great hopes for the Belvedere. Thankfully every one was met plus some. We arrived 4 hours before check-in time, however they had rooms available and let us come early. The location was about 2 blocks from Times Square and 6 from Radio City. I am planning on going back to NYC in February and will be staying here again! I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location...price...staff! My daughter and I stayed at BELVEDERE during the Thanksgiving holidays, '03. Excellant location...easy walk to Times Square. Cabs easy to catch. Near theaters. Very nice room...very nice staff! Our 3rd trip to NYC and BEST VALUE! Will probably stay here again. Loved it!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased with our rooms A group of 9 ladies stayed at the Belvedere Dec. 10-13. Everyone loved it and said they would gladly stay there again. I picked it based on the reviews from Trip Advisor, the special rates, and the proximity to Times Square area. Our rate included the full American breakfast which was hot and cold foods. The Belvedere was on a quiet side street away from the noise, but was so close to all the action when we were ready for it. Our previous trip we had stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and our rooms at the Belvedere were just as nice as the rooms they assigned us at the Waldorf, but our service was so much better at the Belvedere. They were very caring and helpful. The front desk people and concierge staff was great! I'll be back.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Pleasant Experience! My stepdaughter and her boyfriend had stayed at The Belvedere twice in the past two years, so when they invited us to join them this year, in mid-September, we asked where to stay, and they insisted that we stay where they do, The Belvedere. Great Choice! I am a retired hotel front desk clerk and manager, and I've never seen a more top notch group of hotel personnel! What a warm, friendly, personable and professional group of people, from the housekeepers to the front office personnel, to the doormen and concierge. My husband had not been back to New York in 40 years (he's 80 years young!). He grew up in New York City, and was a bit hesitant about this neighborhood, but there was no need at all. What a perfect location! We ALWAYS felt safe, no matter what time of day or night. The rooms are excellent, well-furnished, and spotless. A/C worked perfectlly, and hardly any noise, in spite of the fire station diagonally across the street. I have recommended this hotel to all of my friends who go to NYC, and not one has been disappointed. JOB WELL DONE!!!!! THANK YOU!!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location but unhelpful staff We stayed at the Belvedere from the 7th to the 12th of december. After researching alot of hotels on the internet i chose the belvedere mainly due to the reviews i found on here.Unfortunately on our arrival i found the reception staff to be most unfriendly and unhelpful. The room we were given was nothing like the one i had requested when i booked, it was on the 3rd floor with no view and two double beds. When i asked for a change this was done without any problem, so why were we not given this room in the first place?.The room was clean and this one had some view of new york, but the shower was a death trap, although the pressure was good as soon as someone in the hotel it seemed turned on a tap you were either scalded or frozen and it was not a pleasant experience.The noise from sirens was quite intrusive and did wake me up a few times.The location of the hotel was great and i found the two concierges i met to be very helpful and pleasant. Overall being in a great location in this fabulous city more than made up for the hotels shortfalls, although i will not stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarah,C
<Content>Great Hotel Myself and my husband stayed at the Belverdere from the 1st to the 5th of December. This hotel was great, the location was by far the best thing about it. The room was clean, nice comfy bed and the kitchenette was a great idea.This was our first trip to NY and it was a fab place to visit. We used the subway all the time we were there and not once did we feel threatened. I would also advise anyone to use the subway to and from JFK airport.Overall this was a great hotel which added to the great time we had in New York.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Belvedere from December 9th until 13th. We found it to be spotlessly clean, the staff, especially the young lady concierge, were very helpful and friendly.I compared a lot of hotels in NY on the internet and this was by far, one of the most reasonably priced. I was slightly anxious that perhaps this would be reflected in the quality but this was definitely not the case.The hotel is 5 minutes from Times Square  Broadway  about 20 minutes from the Empire State Building (walking). There were also numerous subways close by.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Belvedere to anyone who wants good value but isn't prepare to compromise on quality.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Purply
<Content>Porn district, Bad customer service Firstly, it's really close to the porn district where all the sleazy sex shops are ( 8th Ave). Close to Times Square but not the safest location. Secondly, very bad customer service from the reception manager. Was very rude and not willing to help. I needed to store my bags overnight for a few hours before i checked in but he refused me. I gave him a guarantee to pay the room first, or any other request for him to do so as long as I can store my bags and still he refused. I told him he could charge me storage fee and he still refused to help, being rude to me too. He told me that no hotels in NY would let me do that. He was wrong, I ended up cancelling my rooms to go to The TIME, NY ( one block away) which was a great hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BenW
<Content>The Belvedere Rules! The Belvedere is awesome. What can I say about Belvedere that would be bad? A few nits only. The dresser was missing a handle and our picture frame was bent. The in-room safe worked perfect every time. The location is incredible and the rooms were spotless. Great water pressure, nice bathroom (a little small) There could be a few more towels (all you have to do is ask!) We were in a 16th floor room well away from the traffic noise. Of course you still hear the fire engines, but that would be the case in most any hotel in the city. It's also interesting to watch the people come home to their apartments across the way. The staff was utterly friendly and helpful with a minor heating problem (the valve was off). If you use the bellman, he turns it on for you. If not, it's under the vents under the window on the right or left side. The hotel is near three subway stations. Use them! December is hell for taxi riding in that the town is full and you sit in traffic. The subway is safe and (mostly) clean. The rate was $200 a night including tax (NY1 Rate) Fair indeed for NYC and the location. Consider that also includes the $15 breakfast buffet with the room (both of us). The B is within walking distance of Time's Square (one block), Radio City Music Hall (three blocks) and the island is your oyster with the subway. Only a curmudgeon (see other surly reviews) would be disappointed by the Belvedere. Go NOW! Just don't take my room next December. I love New York City and I love the Belvedere!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel The Hotel Belvedere lived up to expectations derived from the reports on Tripadvisor, which was a relief!! All the staff were very helpful and friendly especially the door men and breakfast caf茅 staff. I asked for a quiet room and got the 16th floor I hardly heard any noise apart from the occasional fire engine sirens from the nearby fire station, but that is part of the NY experience for me!! The bed was very firm and comfortable. Room was very clean and the kitchenette with microwave and fridge were a great 'extra'. Breakfast in the Hotel won't break the bank you have a choice of 3 menus $15 full American, $13 or $8 Continental which is highly comparable with outside cafes. We also went to Pigalle on 48th St /8th Ave and they served lovely breakfasts and lunches with reasonable prices. Overall I had a good stay here and I would happily use this hotel again and most importantly the bill was correct.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value We were pleasantly surprised with the Belvedere. The price was great, our room was clean, the staff was friendly and accommodating and the location was perfect.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere We stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights in November and thought it was wonderful. It was clean, the staff were friendly and helpful and the location was superb.I would not hesitate to stay there again. It was wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Value! This is the best kept secret in New York City: terrific location, exceptional staff, nicely appointed rooms, good restaurant and excellent value. I will certainly return here and would recommend it highly to those looking for quality at a great value.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you Belvedere I just came back from a 6 day trip from NY and I stayed in the Belvedere. This hotel was everything I had expected and more. It was very luxureus for the price. Great facilities, friendly staff and an excellent location. The kitchen comes in very handy as well. And commenting on a review about the firestation. I did not bother us at all, I slept like a baby. So, thank you Belvedere for a vacation to remember.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel!!! This was my fourth time to NYC and my husband and I went for our anniversary. We had a blast! This hotel was great. It was the best hotel I have stayed in for the money. The lobby is very welcoming and beautifully decorated. The rooms are spacious, clean, neat and updated. It was very romantic! We stayed on the tenth floor, I wouldn't recommend any floor lower because then you may hear the city noise. The staff was very helpful and courteous. I would definately go back to stay and recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Value! We booked a Sunday-Tuesday stay at the Belvedere on 18 Nov 2003. The staff was very courteous and helpful and we found the room to be very comfortable. Our room on the 17th floor had a nice city view to the north and was larger than most similarly-priced rooms, in my opinion. The bathroom was small but adequate with a nice tub/shower with good pressure and temperature control. The hotel is well-maintained and very well situated for the theatre and theatre-restaurant district. I'll definitely use the Belvedere again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We always stay here. . The Belevedere is the best choice for a moderate price. Art Deco ambience, lovely rooms and good service. While it is in the theater district, it is on a quiet tree-lined street (48th) between 8th  9th Aves. The little fire-station is rather dear to us - they lost so many on Sept. 11th, and I only heard them go out once in the three times I have stayed there.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do you love fire engines??? Why has no-one mentioned the fact that this hotel is positioned only 1 block from a busy fire station?? We were awoken at least 4 times each night when the crew were called out and they insisted on sounding the horn and bell from the moment they turned on the ignition!!!! Bathroom was cheap and chipped, furniture chipped, air-con noisy and they lost my dressing gown on the second evening. Not cheap (nothing is in the Big Apple) but should be MUCH better for the price. Book this hotel only if desperate.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, great location. I chose the Belvedere hotel after reading the reviews on this website. I was expecting a small room, a tiny bathroom, and noisy nights if we were on a low floor. But we were pleasantly surprised. There were 3 of us sharing a room but it was big enough for 4. The bathroom was fine, but it took a few minutes for the water to heat up in the mornings (before 6am). Our room was on the 3rd floor facing the back and we were never bothered by noise, day or night. The room was dark so we needed the lights on all the time but we were usually out all day so it wasnt a problem. The room and bathroom were very clean. The staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast wasnt included but the diners on 8th and 9th avenues were fine. The location is great - less the 5 minutes walk to Times Square, subway and supermarkets. Plenty of places to eat nearby. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a mid-range hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bhamtraveller_7
<Content>Great value with good facilities Just back home after 4 night stay at the Belvedere. All we had hoped for. Extremely good value at $145, friendly and helpful staff and room was ideal for our requirements. Microwave and fridge very useful. The Braxilian Restaurant on site - The Platforma, although expensive, was excellent in quality and service. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Even Better Than I Thought. Totally agree with all of the positive reviews. I had my doubts but I thought it can't be too bad and I have stayed in awful places before so I went ahead and booked 3 nites. Stayed there in late August and just finally got around to writing a review as a thank you since this is how I found the hotel. Planning my next vacation so I am looking through this site again. I thought the hotel has excellent value, clean, comfortable, had a king room which was great, liked the remote A/C control. Not a luxuirous bathroom but it was clean!!! Buffet breakfast was exactly what I wanted. I even found the other guests to be very social compared to most hotels - similar to a guest house, but not too intrusive though. I didn't like the location in the later evening, during the day, no problem. I am not that keen on 8th Avenue but if you are not alone then it really shouldn't be problem. Only reason why I would not go back is that I find trying out a new hotel to be a big part of any trip. Also, travelling single and paying US exchange rates on Canadian dollars, every break helps!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NYC Subway: clean by comparison We booked our room through Hotels after visiting their website which showed an immaculate, sparkling room. When we were arrived, the air conditioner was not functioning, and was held to the window frame with a piece of plywood. There are NO screens on the windows, which is a safety risk for small children. To put it kindly, the bathroom smelled like a bag lady's underwear. The iron didn't work. The ironing board cover was stained with a foul-smelling substance. We left an item in the room, and made four calls to the hotel with the help of the booking agency before we received any help regarding the return of the item. This hotel is no bargain. Spend a few dollars more, and stay in the same area in a nicer place.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arferdaily
<Content>Very good stay Just as we had hoped ! We have just returned from New York after a very good 9 night holiday at the Belvedere. The staff were friendly and efficient. Requests for extra towels were always dealt with and the one morning the water went cold it was fixed quickly. Views weren't great but location suited us very well being so close to Times Square. The small kitchen area was also handy. Well done.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane078
<Content>Recommended!!! My only disappointment is in myself for not writing this review earlier. Near the end of August, my girlfriend and I went to NYC, where I surprised her with a diamond ring. She had always wanted to go there and the city won me over within the first few hours of arriving! We booked the Belvedere (NY1 package) after reading the reviews on their website. I knew the hotel room was going to be the only private and intimate place where I could properly propose, and when I told the desk staff of my plan they were very excited and accomodating. I asked for a nice, quiet room and they put us in a very clean, spacious room with a king bed on the 15th floor. It was very clean and we never found it too hot or noisy. It wasn't a huge room, but we didn't go to NY to spend our time in a hotel. I would stay here again! By the way....she said yes!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crummy but convenient I booked this hotel for my parents based upon your users' reviews. The bathroom was a cheapie formica number, the heat wouldn't turn off even with a mechanic's visit to the room. It just wasn't great. Definitely only a 2 star. Unless you could get a really good price (World Series week so it was ~$180 w/tax through hotels when very little was available) I wouldn't do it even with it's proximity to the theaters.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Was in NYC in Oct and stayed at the Belvedere with two other friends, we had a great time and a lovely hotel close to everything. The staff was just great. When we got to our room we noticed we needed more towels called the front desk with our request with in 5 min towels where there, soon after the front desk called to make sure we had gotten our towels. I can say enough about this hotel, will stay here again and so should you..  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, very comfortable Really enjoyed our stay here. This was the second New York hotel we stayed in on our multi-stop trip to the states this year. The room was bigger than average and had two queensize beds. The layout and content of the room were ideal.Staff were reasonable friendly.Location is great - just 1 block from times square. Round the corner from a subway station. At the same time it was quiet as the street it's on doesn't have an overwhelming amount of through traffic (pedestrian or vehicular)  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, terrific location The Belvedere really is a great hotel in a superb location. The staff are helpful and courteous, the room was a good size and immaculately clean, and the location is perfect. Recommended!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay! Great location; walked to Broadway shows. Only a block from the Grayline Tour Office (double decker buses). Exceptionally clean! The staff was very helpful and friendly. Several places to eat close by - 2 deli's a half block away - great for picking up fresh fruit and snacks. Olympic Diner is around the corner - super breakfasts $5-$7. Would stay there again. Excellent property and we were very pleased with the rates (AAA discounts). Recommend VERY highly!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful place to stay in NYC After reading reviews on all hotels in NYC for a trip in September, I chose to stay at the Belvedere Hotel. The great reviews were 100% correct. The location of the Belvedere truly is so well located. Public transportation, dining, theaters, shopping and landmarks are all within short walking distance. There is even a post office and grocery store right around the corner. However, I must emphasize that the Belvedere is more than just a conveniently located hotel. After a day and night on the town, returning to the Belvedere is like going home for the night. Our room was spacious, immaculate, well decorated and equipped with every luxury a person could require. The entire staff of the Belvedere are the friendliest, most pleasant and helpful people I have ever encountered while staying at a hotel. Each one is top-notch both professionally and personally, from the doormen to the front desk, gift shop, maintenance men and housekeepers. Each person sincerely does all they can to make your stay at their hotel as pleasant as possible and they all do a terrific job! It was actually sad to leave, but now I anxiously await my second stay at the Belvedere Hotel in just a matter of days. I will make the Belvedere Hotel my 'home away from home' any time I am in New York City and recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to the Big Apple.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dd8004
<Content>This is only a two-star hotel? The service was wonderful during our October visit. The hotel felt luxurious. Even the kids said, this is only a two-star hotel? They accommodated every request with grace and gave us good referrals to restaurants and shopping. The location is perfect; close to everything but still in a quiet, off the beaten path, residential area. Two, small negatives. When I called to find out how to get there from Newark, they couldn't tell me; said something about buses, and trains, and transferring -- that it was very complicated. For some reason, the heat would come on at night (no controls that we could find) and we had to run the air conditioner AND open the window to make it comfortable, but mostly it was a wonderful holiday for our entire family. Would definitely recommend to others.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location This is an excellent value for Midtown. It is close to Broadway and the subway. The staff was very polite,the room was clean and had with nice linens. I'm returning in December.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere-perfect location The Belvedere exceeded our expectations. Being seasoned travelers to New York, hotel location is a major factor. The Location was perfect for our Ladies 4 day getaway in early October. Staff was friendly and helpful, breakfast buffet which was included in our rate was the perfect start each morning. Rooms located opposite the elevators were somewhat larger - Bathrooms were small but functional. Good value for the money.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice We were VERY pleased with our stay at the Belvedere; great location, nice room, bargain price. We found that the best rate was obtained by phoning the hotel directly and asking for the AAA discount. That price beat Hotels and other discount web sites. Convenient having frig  microwave in the room. We'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good price, great location I stayed at the Belvedere this past weekend based mostly on reviews from this website. They were absolutely right! It is in a great location, close to everything with a subway stop right around the corner and Times Square 2 blocks away. Clean, reasonably priced hotel. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best kept secret! Just returned from a trip to the Big Apple! First time visit and man, the City is great! What made it even more memorable was the lovely Belvedere hotel where I stayed. Having a slight OCD (hee) I am very particular about hotel cleanliness, the slightest sight of dirt can cause me to squirm... So imagine how pleasantly surprised and delighted I was to have found Belvedere, thanks to you good forumites and reviews from TripAdvisor! Belvedere is simply a gem - clean rooms, decent space by NYC standards, wonderful facilities - the kitchenette is perfect, there's even a laundromatte, good location in the heart of the Theatre district means Broadway at your doorsteps, walking distance to the subway, Times Square, shopping and of course I feel very safe (I travelled alone), best of all, the hotel staff are so so courteous! I couldn't have asked for more. Thank you all for your good recommendation. Will definitely be back at Belvedere when I next visit NYC.Cheers!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location My boyfriend and I booked an executive room at the Belvedere (9/28-29) for $165 a night through Travelocity. According to one reviewer that I read, it's better to request a room at the very top and on the opposite side of 48th street to avoid possible noise. Well we took the advice and we had a wonderful time. Even though our stay was short, the hotel was located in just the right spot to walk to various points of interest. The size of our room was just right for two, however I have no idea what size a regular room would be like. We would definitely come back and stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBug519
<Content>Great deal, great location Great location, great prices. Rooms bigger than expected, friendly staff. Easy walk to Subway, theatre, and Times Square. Liked the coffee maker, mini fridge and laundry facilities. Stayed at several big hotels in the City- this is by far my favorite.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fine value Most of the praise you have read here is well-deserved. My only concern is it's been heaped on in such quantity that you may be set up for disappointment. The Belvedere is a good hotel that usually has a nice rate available. Staff members with whom I had contact were friendly and conscientious. The location IS good -- you're close to the NYC hot spots but still nicely off the beaten path. The rooms are clean and the housekeeping staff is marvelous. I accidentally left a t-shirt and jacket tossed on a chair when I went out for the afternoon. When I returned, the housekeeper had neatly folded them. The refrigerator and microwave are a nice touch that is appreciated. There's also a coffee maker. The bathroom was excellent. Despite some complaints here about bathroom size, mine was fine. Everything worked well, the water pressure was excellent and there's a shower head with adjustable settings. Amenities included only shampoo and skin lotion -- mouthwash would have been nice, too. Closet space was skimpy, made even smaller because of the bad placement of the safe. The room was a tight fit, dominated by a comfortable bed but it really offered no good place to sit. There was a small writing desk with a chair and one other chair. Climate control is a problem. It was warm (not hot) outdoors and the room was barely comfortable with the air conditioner on the coolest setting. The AC unit is behind drapes, which affects its efficiency. One of the bed covers was an uncomfortable synthetic fiber, which makes things even warmer. Some street noise does intrude, particularly with the side that faces 48th Street. There's a fire station on the corner and significant bus and truck traffic on 8th Avenue. Elevators are small and slow. You'll probably have to wait during peak times. I honestly believe the Affinia properties (all-suite hotels) offer a better value when their rates are low but the Belverdere is a fine alternative. I praise their staff and just wish the rooms weren't such a tight fit.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consistent Excellence! We just returned from our third annual trip to New York City, and our third annual stay at the Belvedere. Each and every time, our stay has been perfect! The staff, including Javier, both Jasmin and Jazmin, Christina, Jerry, Fernando, etc. (sorry, I can't remember all of the names) couldn't be more helpful or friendly. The rooms are perfect, spotless, and the housekeeping staff is friendly, not the surly housekeepers that work at a lot of other properties. This time, we brought my father and stepmother along, my father's first time back in the city in 40 years, and they too couldn't be more pleased with the hotel. We look forward to spending our vacation at the Belvedere next year. I would highly recommend this hotel~superior value, perfect location, and the ulitmate staff. Thanks again for a perfect stay!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlaird
<Content>The best kept hotel secret in Midtown  I hardly know where to begin when praising the Belvedere staff for making our trip with two other couples THE best experience I have had staying in NYC. From the moment the doorman opened the front doors as we climbed out of our car service vehicle until he opened them for us on our way out, the staff of the Belvedere provided prompt, courteous service at an incredibly reasonable rate. The lobby was tastefully decorated and very bright and inviting. Check-in was organized and very expedient. I booked the NY1 package so a gift bag awaited us at the front desk. The rate of $149.00 included a wonderful breakfast buffet each morning. I had called a few weeks earlier to ask for our rooms to be near one another and true to their word they were! The room size was absolutely fine-A wonderfully comfortable king size bed with plenty of room to move around both sides. The room was extremely clean and well maintained with very nice furniture. I have stayed at properties just around the corner on 8th Ave. and on Broadway and I was pleasantly surprised to find a nice quiet sleeping environment back on 48th. I only heard one siren and NO hotel noise during my two-night stay. Sometimes when finding a hotel value one must compromise service, some comfort and cleanliness, but the Belvedere management obviously believes in providing value and quality and I for one appreciate that combination. I will NEVER stay in another hotel in NYC...I have found my home in Midtown and its name is The Belvedere. I truly felt like a guest instead of a renter, but I didn't have to go into debt for the privilege. If you are looking for quality service, a friendly staff and a clean quiet hotel that is a terrific value, then look no further than the Belvedere located on quiet 48th street in the greatest city in the world- New York. Thank you management and staff; you have earned a life long customer who will always suggest The Belevedere when asked by someone where to stay in NYC. I can't wait to come back!   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flame87
<Content>Great place to stay My dad and I had a terrific stay at the Belvedere during the second week of September. The hotel staff was nice and friendly and they make every attempt to make your stay as enjoyable and pleasant as possible.Though the room was small, it was still nice and comfortable. Plus they had a refrigerator and a microwave to use. And there were elevators at both ends of the hall besides in the center.You cannot beat the price and location. Just a couple of blocks from Times Square and the theatre district. And just a block away from the subway station.If you are looking for any good restaurants, just go down a couple of blocks to 46th street between 8th and 9th. There are several that offer either a three or four course meal at fixed prices below $25.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like your college dormitory!!! Remember your college dormitory? Well, this is what The Belvedere has to offer. Smaller rooms than your standard hotel, but you can handle it, not a big deal. Absolutely no perks, if you are looking for some. Wall unit air conditioners are running but it is so hot in the rooms even when the outside temp. is 72 degrees. I stayed here because of the other reviews, but honestly I am disappointed. Its a case of expectations (from the reviews) and reality. I would not recommend this place at all if you want somewhere nice on a vacation. Otherwise if a bed is all you want then stay here. Not the cleanest place in the world either.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere Hotel My family and I recently stayed at The Belvedere August 20. The hotel was clean and the room size was quite adequate for NYC especially for $125.00/night. The hotel and neighborhood were quiet. This is the first time I've ever been able to to get a good night's sleep in NYC. We were on the 10th floor. The staff was friendly and courteous, I would definitely stay here and again and would not hesitate to recommend it .  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LyndaGail
<Content>One of the BEST Choices I made in NYC After reading the reviews here at this website I changed my reservations and booked at this hotel for my first visit in NYC. After staying there for several days, I consider myself lucky. Great location away from the Times Square noise, but close enough to walk there and to Rockefeller Center and the theather district. It was in a great little neighborhood and I was impressed with the hotel and it's friendly staff. Terriffic Breakfast! It was a very positive experience and I will definitely go back as I LOVE NYC.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere Hotel, Check it out Me and my girlfriend visited New York and stayed at The Belvedere from August 10-15, 2003. The front desk were very courteous and friendly.The fire alarm went off early morning of Aug 11 and we're informed by the staff on their PA system that it was a false alarm.The best thing about this place is LOCATION. It's centrally located to everything you want to see in NY. Times Square, Broadway shows, etc are just a walk away. Price was also pretty good compared to other hotels nearby.There were a few things that irked me though. The rooms are quite small compared to other hotels I have been to. I see complaints about bathrooms being small, but I believe it's adequate. The airconditioner is a bit on the loud side which vibrated and sometimes woked me and my gf in the middle of our sleep.We were caught in the black out on Aug 14 and the hotel was a chaos. We were in the 15th floor so we had to walk up and down the emergency stairwells exit inside the building while staff were posted on every floor (up to 10th floor, after that none) holding a flashlight to light up the stairwells. Luckily me and my gf had mini maglight flashlights to light the hallways when we were on our own. There were no water due to the blackout. I don't fully blame the Belvedere because the blackout was something they could not prevented/control. However, they could have been more informative on the status and been more accomodating to its guest who were checking-in/out.Overall, The Belvedere was a great cheap place to stay and strategically located. I would not hesitate to stay on this same hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thomastank28
<Content>Good Value The Belvedere was a good stay for our family. We used the NY1 special on their parent company's (Empire Hotel Group) website ... Paid $139 for Sat, and $129 for Sun/Mon in August. NY1 included a hotel t-shirt, and daily full American breakfast (bacon, eggs, sausage, pancakes, danish, coffee, etc). Orig reserved at $125 (w/o breakfast) on Orbitz, but cancelled after finding NY1. Found $109 (w/o breakfast) in early August, but didn't grab it. Breakfast was terrific, and saved us much $$, as we got by with a light lunch. Chose to valet park with the hotel, found out later could have saved $10 per day by self parking down the street. The king bed room was very clean. The in-room safe and fridge were helpful. Our room directly across from the elevators was a bit longer than their other rooms. Never heard the elevator once over a 3-day stay. Have never seen a sink or bathroom that small, but hey - this ain't Vegas. Only had minor problems- no washcloths one day, slow to respond to a prob w/ room safe. But many more +'s than -'s. Concierge was a joy! The location was very quiet, and got us away from the TimesSq craziness. A bonus was being just 3 blocks away from the 49thSt subway station. The Belvedere is easy to recommend. Send questions if you got 'em. FYI...the subway is very easy to navigate, never felt unsafe. Bought the all-day FunPass for $7 for unlimited rides.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Heart of the Theatre District! What a wonderful little hotel in the best spot in midtown for the BEST price you can get in NYC! We had a handicapped room with a huge tiled bathroom. The room is spacious by NYC standards. Have stayed at South Street Seaport, on the Upper West, and downtown but would pick this location over them all. Near Port Authority, all bus and subway lines; theatres and restaurants galore. Friendly, clean, and if you get the daily breakfast included in your rate, it's like you are stealing! The breakfast is top notch. A great place to stay for a great price.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere Hotel The Belvedere Hotel is located a block off 8th Avenue - 1 block from Broadway  2 blocks from Times Square. Hotel staff were very courtesy  helpful. The rooms were nice. We had a wonderful time. The New York Pass is great value. For $69.00 on line you get 3 days for the price of 2. You get a Metrocard for the subway  bus for 7 days unlimited use. Also, it includes entry to many sites. Get to know the subway  bus right away since we found it very useful for getting around to the different areas of Manhattan. Note - do not eat at the Celebrity Delicatessen - prices were high, wait staff very pushy and unfriendly  food only mediocre.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jewel in NYC Just returned from an excellent weekend in NYC at The Belvedere. Hotel is a terrific value; great location, courteous staff, clean rooms. And surprisingly quiet! Request an odd numbered room, which are located opposite the street side of the hotel. Our room was adjacent to the small elevators but we didn't hear them once--thankfully there was no ring when the elevator arrived at our floor. Would definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it My family and I had a joining rooms...one was a bit bigger than the other, but both were clean and comfortable and nicely decorated. Although the building is older, the facility is very well kept and all furnishings and decor are very current and in great shape. Staff is very helpful and courteous. Also, very near small grocery, liquor stores, etc. to stock 'fridge in room. Was great walking distance to all attractions and no cab ride was over $6 w/tip. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I survived the big blackout of '03...with a lof of help from the Belvedere! As I now have the t-shirt to prove, I survived New York's big blackout of 2003...but I had a lot of help from the wonderful staff at the Belvedere Hotel. A friend and I checked in on Thursday, August 14 only a few hours before the outage. Upon returning to the hotel, we found practically the whole on-duty staff downstairs providing information and assistance to their guests (and vigilently guarding the doors from non-guests). Luckily, the keycard locks on the Belvedere's doors are battery-operated. So we were able to access our rooms while some other hotels were forced to put guests in ballrooms and parking garages, etc. Hotel staff were constantly available to lead guests up the stairwells to their rooms with flashlights and candles (the emergency lights only lasted a short while). They also kept us informed and directed with occasional announcements over the emergency speaker system. The rooms at the Belvedere are good-sized (by New York standards especially), well-appointed, comfortable and clean. The location is ideal for those who want to be right near the heart of the theatre district and Times Square. The price is extremely economical. And the staff is top-notch (even in a crisis). They were even kind enough to take pity on us and give us a very generous rate when flight delays forced us to return from LaGuardia and stay an extra night. I am rather finicky about hotels, etc., but I would highly recommend the Belvedere; and I'll definitely be staying there again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel from hell in the time of crisis My Family  I arrived during blackout. Hotel did not give any updates on situation and didn't supply guests with even water for drinking until it was requested  then until requested they didn't supply a person w/flashlight to climb down stairs to get to the water in lobby. Upon checking out the next day, I asked where to send a complaint and the MGR. (ROBERT GRIPPO) came over and asked what complaint I had. When I told him, he did not like my complaint and became beligerent. Yes, beligerent! My family couldn't believe this. He told us because we asked for drinking water that the guests (All) were taking advantage of them because of the blackout situation. He asked me if I expected them to supply water for all 300 guests of theirs. If you are paying, how could take advantage of them? This Mgr. and owner took things too far by yellig and approaching me in a manner where I felt threatened. Yes, the owner came over and supported his employee in his unprofessionalism. He never asked what happened or made the Mgr. step away to try to disfuse the situation. He was just as unprofessional as his employee. I am a woman, and this is what two men did to me. They acted like ghetto thugs from the street and all in front of the customers. I spoke to them with courtesy, But when they didn't like my comments (Intelligent) they were extremely unprofessional. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone, no matter if they gave away free stays. They have no resolution skills. How could you be in business and not posess that quality. They don't deserve anyone's money. I spoke w/a lady that was staying at another hotel and she said that they were very accomodating and supplied them with water and food, and helped as much as they could to make the situation easier, not make it worse by having a terrible attitude. I guess the Belvedere does not care about their customers and if you stay there they will not care about you. The discounted rate is not worth the hassle or the strong arm they will put on you if you have a complaint. By the way, I had already checked out when the Mgr. attacked me. I went to the Rihgah Royal Hotel on 54th between 6TH  7TH ST. and they were marvelous. I had to pay more money, but it was well worth every cent. They were pleasant and very courteous. The staff and owner at the Belvedere need to go and watch these people to see what good customer service looks like. Don't stay at the Belvedere.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Myself and 3 friends just returned from a weekend trip to NYC. After reviewing several hotels and prices we decided on the Belvedere. Hotel check-in was quick and easy with a very friendly staff. The room was smaller than we anticipated but was fine. The bathtub was a problem as it took forever for the water to drain and with 4 girls needing to get ready that was a problem. We're travel agents so we had the all American breakfast thrown in for free and it was excellent. We did have a fire alarm go off on Sat. night but noone went anywhere....I'm assuming it was false. Our main complaint about the hotel was the extremely small elevators. It had a great location, only about a 5 minute walk from the middle of Times Square....a big plus was the great Hersheys store. We had a good time all around and would love to go back again, staying at the Belvedere again however might be something we would have to strongly reconsider.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't have been better! You won't be dissappointed! A friend and I stayed in a double room the last week of July. We had read the reviews at tripadvisor and decided the Belvedere was the best deal for the money and location. We were not at all disappointed. The staff was courteous, the rooms very spacious and clean [although the bathroom is small] and the location can't be beat. We stayed under the NY1 deal and also got a free breakfast with our $129 room. I'm convinced the Belvedere is the best deal in NYC. I won't hesitate to visit during my next stay and I will recommend it to all my friends and family.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What more can you ask for, great location and price. As a first time visitor to New York, we was very counfounded as to which hotel would best suit our needs. After doing some research, I came across this site. The Belvedere was one the the first hotels that fit our budget and our desired location. After reading the reviews posted here, we decided that we would take the plung and book our accomidations. We could not have been any happier. The staff was extreamly helpful and courteous, the rooms were quite spacious and the breakfast buffet was top drawer. If I had to comment on the only negative aspect of this establishment, it would be the size of their bathrooms. However, who goes to New York to see bathrooms.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Far exceeded expectations My friend and I spent 2 nights at the Belevedere in July. The hotel was quiet and the location was terrific as a base for sightseeing. A clean room is of utmost importance and this one was super . The staff was always helpful but not overbearing. We were even able to leave our bags with the bellman after check-out and pick them up before we left NYC. I was very impressed!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! Shhh... Better Keep it a Secret I booked this hotel in last November 2002 based on reviews from this website and other travel websites. I booked 3 nights on their website and got a steal of a rate at $120 per night! We asked for a room on a high floor (12th), away from the elevator. We had a great view with no noise from the street or rooms on either side. Loved the refrigerator and microwave, too. The staff was extremely coureous and warm, always there to open the door with a smile. Could not have asked for a better location near the theater district, Rockefeller center, and the Gray Line bus tour pick up location. And yes, the 48 hour double decker bus pass is worth it to see EVERYTHING!! Next time I am in NYC, I will definitely stay at this hotel again. It was GREAT!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adored I travelled to New York in February 2003. Firstly, I have to tell you that I was a single female travelling on my own for the first time ever, and to the city that never sleeps, New York. I wanted a break for me, and I chose New York because I thought it would be a hive of activity and I would blend in easily, not looking alone in a strange place. I was very nervous as to how safe I would be, and as I had already booked my flight I browsed all the brochures looking for a decent hotel. I saw a few different ones that looked appealing, and when I found this website I looked up the real reviews that the general public had wrote. One by one, I looked up reviews on the different hotel's I liked the idea of on location, facilities and looks, and each time I looked, I saw bad reviews on each one. I then decided to look through each hotel to see if there was any that had good reviews, and I came across one, The Belvedere. Following on the good reviews, I booked this hotel. When I arrived I was impressed that there were doormen who were there all the time, the reception area was inviting and bright with a marble floor and was very clean the staff on the desk were helpful  friendly. When I went into my room 1216, it was very nice, comfortable and safe. The facilities were very good too, even had an iron and ironing board, which I have never had wherever I have been previously. There was a kitchen area with a fridge and a microwave, and although I didn't use them, there were no crockery or cutlery to make any snacks with. I was in short walking distance to Broadway  Time Square, I used the subway to get to the Empire state building, but it was more Luck than Judgement that I got to where I came from, I found the subway signs a little confusing. There was a guided tour bus that operated from nearby the hotel that took me round most of Manhattan, and you can get on and off just as many times as you like, that's recommended, but a tip, don't book it from the concierge desk at the hotel, although they are very informative, the prices are a bit dearer. The bus people at the stop can sell you a ticket cheaper. Overall, I must say that the whole trip was a wonderful magical experience for me, and I put 50% of that down to feeling safe and secure in a friendly and clean hotel. If I return to New York, and I hope I will, I wouldn't consider going anywhere else but the Belvedere.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great hotel My family of four stayed at the Belvedere for a very reasonable price ($129/night) this summer. The hotel is located slightly north of the theatre district and is easy walking distance to Times Square, Rockerfeller Plaza, and the subway stations. The hotel is clean, upscale, and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms tend to be a little smaller that they look on the web site.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere 3 friends and I spent many, many months reviewing different hotels in New York City, we choose the Belvedere for our 5 night stay, and we were plesantly surprised. Not knowing the area we didn't really know what to expect, but we read the reviews on this site and made our decision. The Hotel was very clean, the staff exceptional, we were close to everything and walked or took the subway all over Manhattan. We also found Amy's Bakery, where you can get delightful breads, pastries and a great cup of coffee.. We will definitely return  
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the Belvedere My family of 4 spent 6 nights at the Belvedere. Curteous staff, nice clean rooms, kitchenette, a useful bonus is the spotless laundry room in the basement. Rows of washers/dryers ($2 wash, $1 dry), drinks, ice and snack machines, CCTV - ideal for those not wanting to pack too many clothes. Hotel is in a great location just off Times Square with lots of theatres on your doorstep.Went on 3 hour Manhattan Island cruise (time-out for weary legs), great views of the city, and sailed close to the Statue of Liberty. Pay a visit to Grand Central Terminal - its beautiful, the Empire State Building, the Tenement Museum, browse through Tiffanys relax in Central Park, eat out at Virgil's Real BBQ 152 W 44 st.Who can't help but fall in love with this city. I'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Belvedere is a great hotel The Belvedere is a great hotel and a great value in NYC. You can't beat what you get for the price. It is in a great location, close to Times Square, theaters, and Restaurant Row. It is an easy walk to Rockefeller Plaza, Madison Avenue and Central Park. And it is close to the subway for going downtown.Our room was very nice, and everything seemed quite new. And it was great having a fridge and microwave for drinks, snacks and leftovers.And, we couldn't believe the terrific buffet breakfast every morning. Be sure to ask about special packages that include breakfast when you reserve.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KIP47
<Content>We thought it was great! I spent months researching hotels in NYC and finally decided on The Belvedere. My family was very pleased with the choice. The room with two queen beds was very nice, lots of closet and storage space for the three of us. Loved the coffeemaker and fridge in the room. We were close to everything, Gray Line tour, few blocks from Times Square (but very quiet at night). The staff was very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again. Note: I found the best deal for The Belvedere on their own website. We can't wait to return to New York City.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ansar_Hassan
<Content>The Belvedere is fantastic We just returned from a 5-day trip to NYC and had the good fortune of staying at The Belvedere. It was a last-minute find thanks to TripAdvisor, and we had a great stay. Located in the heart of theatre district, you are located just minutes away from all of the major theatres and Times Square. You are about 15 minutes from Penn Station, the Empire States Building, etc. The room we stayed in on the 12th floor was quiet, extremely clean, and super spacious (king-sized bed). The room is equipped with all the necessary facilities, the best of which is a kitchenette that really saves on dining-out costs. There is a grocery store nearby (Food Emporium) that allows you to stock your fridge with the necessary snacks and prepared sandwiches. The view is alright, but we did not go for the view. The service is great, and the hotel workers are courteous. The best thing about this place is the cost. With a AAA membership, I spent $120/night. My only advice is to check in early and get a room that is on one of the upper floors to minimize the noise. Also, if this your first time to NYC, take the Gray Line Bus Tour (48-hour hop-on, hop-off) - well worth it! Thanks TripAdvisor for helping me make the right choice.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice location We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and we were impressed about the size of the room. The only complain i had is the bathtub, the water doesn't drain that quick and there's some molds on the side of it. It's near the tkts where you can buy cheap tickets for the broadway show.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Belvedere Great valued hotel for my first trip to NYC. Good location and the plan we booked included a wonderful full american breakfast. Some people were paying up to $14(I think) per person for this. No doubt I would stay here again  
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redox9k
<Content>A GEM!!! A definate great stay! The Belvedere was a wonderful place to stay. Not only was it a great value but it also seemed to be worth more than what we paid. The thing that makes this hotel great is the hotel staff. For the most part everyone was friendly. The bellhops and front desk staff were very courtious and always in a cheerful mood. There was a problem with my iron so I left a note for the cleaners to replace it and they did. The only problems I had were the washrooms could be a bit bigger and our venetian blinds were missing their rods to open and close them. We arrived very early that day (10am) and they were able to check us in early. The location is perfect for Broadway and restaurants. The only thing is to request a room as high as possible because the streets could be a bit noisy at night. But hey that's NYC so get used to it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll always stay here in the future The Belevedere was a beautiful, sweet little hotel in a warm and lively neighborhood, convenient to the rest of the city sights and very reasonably priced! The staff were very pleasant and smiled at me whenever I walked by. The lobby was small but extraordinarily lovely. The rooms were not as tiny as I'd been led to believe. They are smallish, but gorgeous, with extremely clean rooms and a very friendly and conscientious cleaning staff. I loved this hotel, and only wish I could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel A good hotel is very important when visiting a busy city like NY. We really enjoyed our stay in the Belvedere. Nice location and very nice rooms. If you want to stay in a nice and friendly hotel you really don't want to miss this one.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it all depends I can well understand why so many love this hotel; it's beautiful and location is great. But we had a foul-up with our prepaid reservations; not all the hotel's fault I think, but they did precious little to clear it up,all the while assuring us it would be OK. On our 4th and last day we did a morning's investigation and legwork ourselves to get to the bottom of it; if not we would have ended up paying for the room twice. I almost died laughing when they told me when I got back WE finally cleared up your reservation! As for the rooms, I'm sure they're fine on the 17th floor facing the street, but our 5th floor room right over the central air conditioning unit was not . To sum up, not every stay here is going to be great.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value! Our family of four (2 adults and 2 kids - 9  12) just returned from a 2 night stay at the Belvedere and definitely recommend it. The rooms were clean, beds comfortable, decor updated -including the granite bathroom. The room has Nintendo and internet access for a small fee. The location is great for theatre goers. Restaurants of all kinds are everywhere. Hotel is also within walking distance to Rockeveller Plaza. We recommend Mme Tussaud's Wax Museum which is a few blocks away. It was a cheap cab ride over to the Museum of Natural History on W78th. Have fun!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Brilliant I travelled with two of my kids aged 16 and 11 and having just got back from a wonderful stay at The Belevedere, I felt I just had to submit a review......The place exceeded all our expectations. From stepping out of the cab, we were treated like royalty, the bellhops were friendly (not gushing, and automatically extending their hand out for a tip) attentive, (but not overpowering.) Our room was ready at once, even though we were a couple of hours early checking in. We asked for a high floor and got one. Sure, you could still hear the sirens (there's a fire house at the end of the street, across 8th Avenue) but it made the visit more authentic. As for any noise from the air-conditioning units, ours was minimal.....and believe me we needed the unit running 24 hours a day, the temperatures were in the 90's, aparently we landed in the middle of a heatwave....so the benefit of the unit far outweighed any noise it made. We were three females all sharing, and we managed just fine with the smallish bathroom....The two beds in the room were very comfortable, and the kitchenette was a great touch (***just order out once from the cafe and you're equiped with the plastic cutlery to help you out for the stay***) The concierge desk and check in staff were extremely helpful and pleasant....The maid service was not overly intrusive, they will come back later if you're not ready. The breakfast lounge is airy and spacious and does take out service if you don't feel like hauling everyone downstairs. Our homewards flight didn't leave until 8pm and check out is at 12, but our luggage was stored without question, leaving us free to enjoy our last day...The concierge desk booked a town car for our return journey to Newark airport, but imagine our surprise when a stretch limo pulled up for us..the kids were over the moon...(and at NO extra cost) Much much better value than a cab. For service, comfort and an all around great stay........you really can not beat this gem of a hotel.You're only a block and a half from Broadway and Times Square, the neighborhood feels safe and is clean and there's a Hershey's store at the corner of 8th and Broadway. Plenty of restaurants dotted around to suit every budget..although you have to try Rosa's Mexican place just a few doors down from the hotel..2 for 1 Margarita's.....What more could you ask for????  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anniebadfan
<Content>Great place to stay We had the most fabulous time staying at The Belvedere, the staff were definitely the friendliest i have met in any New York Hotel (and i have been to quite a few).The room was a great size - quite large, it even included a microwave and fridge - which is perfect especially when you don't want to spend too much money on the non- essentials.I would definitely recommend staying here to anyone, i really enjoyed it and will in no doubt go back.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Surprise! We booked this online knowing absolutely nothing about the area. We were pleasantly surprised at the lovely room, which included a mini fridge and a microwave! The room was smallish, but still a nice size. The room was very clean, the bathroom was super nice and the overall environment was lovely. We look forward to staying at The Belvedere again! The Tour Desk was also very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere: Great Location and More My sister and I just returned from 5 nights in NYC (our fifth trip). We spent many hours researching hotels and changed our minds several times before selecting the Belvedere. We were so glad! The location is perfect for theater-goers and also wonderfully convenient to Times Square. By checking special offers on-line, we were able to get the full breakfast included in our very reasonable rate. The rooms include a mini-kitchen and a small safe. Most importantly, it's very clean!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended! We just got back from NYC and loved the Belvedere. It was extremely clean, updated and close to everything. I read comments about the small bathroom and was preparing for the worst -- but the size wasn't bad at all. It might be cramped it you were to have 4 people, but what hotel wouldn't? We also recommend the Brazialian Cafe on the corner a half a block away -- wonderful!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Belvedere - Great Value My family stayed in 2 rooms at the Belvedere for a week in late May 2003. The location is great and the value for our dollar excellent in NYC. We ate breakfast frequently in the Olympic Diner around the corner on 8th Ave, loved 44 Southwest (Italian restaurant) on 9th Ave, were close to several subway lines, bus stops, and Grayline double decker tours. We walked to a Broadway play and Rockefeller Center, Theatre district, etc. The staff were friendly and cheerfully accommodated our needs. Beds comfortable. Some street noisy, sirens (unavoidable in NYC). No noise from the hotel guests.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and great value! We stayed at the Belvedere overnight on 6/7/03. The service (i.e., ease of check in, friendliness of fron desk staff and bellmen, ease of check out, etc.) was excellent. Our room was very clean, with amenities that we considered above and beyond (even a microwave!). Also, 3 elevators make checking out at a busy time a bit easier! Our only complaint- the airconditioner in the room was so loud, we could hardly hold a conversation. Luckily, NYC has so much to offer that we were only in our oom to sleep, and after so much walking, leep came quickly despite the noise! We'd definitely stay at the Belvedere again- clean, friendly, and a great art deco feel!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere Jan. of 2002. It was clean and the people were pleasant. It was centrally located. We would stay there again. We stayed there 2 nights.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, Great deal, Great service This hotel was a bargain and far exceeded our expectations. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The building is centrally located in the Theater District and was close by to all kinds of restaurants and pubs. The subway was conveniently nearby also. The room was a nice size and was extremely quiet. Very upscale at moderate rates!!!!  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience! :) Stayed at the Belvadere for 6 nights in May. We were on the 15th floor which was very quiet for NYC. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. The king executive room was very comfortable. The bathroom was small, but that was really no big deal if you are expecting it. The location is PERFECT! We felt totally safe in NYC. Central Park is beautiful! Walking across the Brooklyn Bridge is a must do!!! Times Square is exciting and fun! We loved NYC and will definately vacation there again. I would stay at the Belvadere again in a heart beat! Enjoy NYC!!! :)  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal We spent three nights at the Belvedere. The room was clean, well maintained. The staff was courteous and helpful. The bathroom is small, one person at a time but had a brand new tile look. The King sized bed was comfortable and the hotel is well located for subways, and the theater district. I completly enjoyed staying there. The 15th floor helped keep the noise out and the mild hum of the wall airconditioner also drownd out the constant New York noice.  
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere was just home from home My sister and I stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in April 2003. We were extremely pleased with the size of our room. The beds were wonderful, nice and firm. The fridge, microwave, perculator and safe were fantastic. We stayed in one of the back rooms on the 11th floor and it was extremely quiet. Our rooms were cleaned daily. The Hotel staff were extremely helpful and polite. The Bell Attendants were at your beckon call. We would have liked if the Hotel had a bar facility but it did not make any difference to our stay as we were so close to other bars and restaurants. Since our return to Ireland our parents and a few close friends are all planning on visiting New York next year and they will certainly be booking the Belvedere Hotel. For a Hotel so close to Times Square and Broadway, we felt it was very reasonable to stay there. We even booked a Helicopter trip through the Hotel and got our tickets to the Empire State Building beforehand there which save us the trouble of lining up there.Just remember if you want a good night's sleep, ask for a room at the back of the building.Look forward to seeing you all again at the Belvedere. Thanks for everything.Valerie O'Connell, Cork, Ireland  
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belvedere didn't disappoint My 15 year old daughter and I, along with a family friend visited New York the second week of April. I hadn't been to New York in over 20 years. We were on a limited budget and I had been worried about finding a good hotel for the price. I choose the Belvedere after reading all the reviews and I was not disappointed. The rooms were large and very clean, the staff was friendly, and the location was outstanding. We had a front room on the 9th floor, I was a little concerned if it would be too noisy but the street is quiet at night. The coffe pot and refrigerator were a definite plus. Check-in was very easy, the staff was great about getting you a cab and the concierge desk was very helpful.I had read in the reviews that some of the bathrooms are small. I was prepared for that but our bathroom was very small. The door wouldn't fully open because the toilet was in the way so you had to fight the door when using the sink. With three women trying to get ready everyday, it took a little longer because of lack of space, however there was a big mirror over the dresser that could be used. However, I think that iff you are prepared for a small bathroom, you won't be disappointed. The elavators are a little small and slow but our room was right next to them and I didn't hear any noise as some other reviews had stated. All in all, our stay in New York was an excellent one due in part to staying at The Belvedere. It's an outstanding value for the price. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grransom
<Content>Loved Every Minute. Spent 5 nights in early April 2003.We even loved the snow New York provided.We throughly enjoyed our stay.Staff were very good.Kitchenette was useful but bring your own plates and cutlery.Thought the location was ideal and did not find the hotel too noisy.New York is noisy but thats not the hotels fault.Would definitely stay again.My problem is that it maybe along time before I am in New York again.We loved New York.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Myself and my two sisters stayed in the Belevdere and found it was ideal not only the hotel itself but the staff were great and ideally located. I would highly recommend this hotel and when I go back to NY in November I intend on staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded Expectations I booked the Belvedere based on information I found online. The staff at this hotel not only exceeded my expectations they went above and beyond! Next time I visit the city, the Belvedere will be my first choice.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Belvedere I booked the belvedere on reading the reviews here and comparing to amongst others the New Yorker and Milford Plaza. The belvedere came out on top and we couldn't fault it. The location and quality was truly excellent, the staff friendly and price was fine. I booked online and checked the price was ok on checking in. If you book online just make sure you take your email confirmation with you and recheck it before you arrive to ensure no problems like a few here have had. I do not think you could get another hotel for the same money and quality in this location. Only the bathroom could have been a bit bigger but thats it!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! My husband and I took his 16-year-old sister to New York City to see her first Broadway show ever. We stayed at the Belvedere and had a very pleasant experience! From the time I called to book the reservation to the time we checked out, the entire staff was extremely polite, professional, helpful, and efficient. Our room was very clean, comfortable, and well-appointed. With our AAA discounted rate, I could not have asked for anything better. We definitely plan to stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value mid-range with character This Hotel is great value for money. The lobby was bright, pleasently decorated and the staff were very well mannered and helpful. Beyond that, the rooms and corridors had a used but well looked after feel to them. I'll go back (unless I have a lottery win!). What more can I say?Slainte.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love The Belvedere! The staff is friendly, professional and extremely accommodating; the hotel is clean and the rooms are much more spacious than more well-known properties (Hilton, Hyatt, UN Plaza). I travel to NYC on a monthly basis and don't plan to stay anywhere else; The Belvedere is a jewel!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad deal   showReview(850837, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Book Online   showReview(850320, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value in Midtown!   showReview(848063, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was ok.. will prefer a quieter place   showReview(842230, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel - great price   showReview(830434, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience!   showReview(814620, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(753230, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel for tourists!   showReview(646412, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>What a bargain!   showReview(516576, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Definitely worth it   showReview(515039, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bonny2000
<Content>Nettes Hotel in optimaler Lage       Au脽enansicht  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>craigdaniel
<Content>Fantastische Lage   showReview(21531314, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	3	4	

<Author>snorky70
<Content>Molto comodo   showReview(21226420, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelinchen
<Content>Echt empfehlenswert       Zimmer im 11. Stock  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marelke
<Content>tolle Lage, m盲脽ige Zimmer   showReview(20846302, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cricrii
<Content>super !   showReview(20643945, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(20550861, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(20550858, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yvanetvalerie
<Content>h么tel moyen avec un service m茅diocre   showReview(20012348, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war eine gute adresse   showReview(20550860, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>an excellent stay!   showReview(20550859, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cathlehavre
<Content>Tres bon s茅jour mais qq defauts maitrisables !   showReview(19618575, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut aufgehoben   showReview(20550857, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cathy87
<Content>bien situ茅   showReview(19599902, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in Manhattan   showReview(19632304, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je recommande cet hotel   showReview(19632302, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sitaution ideale dans NY   showReview(19632297, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel formidable   showReview(19632294, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A REFAIRE,SANS SOUCIS DES QUE POSSIBLE   showReview(19632291, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter !   showReview(19632290, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Belvedere NYC 8/08   showReview(19632287, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(19632286, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel, j'y retournerais avec grand plaisir   showReview(19632283, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pensavo meglio   showReview(19632282, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Piacevole tranquillo comodo   showReview(19632281, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai sans hesiter   showReview(19632280, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel confortable, bon march茅 et tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(19632303, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage in Manhattan   showReview(19632288, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel 脿 recommander   showReview(19632284, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>businessmom
<Content>ueberraschend ruhig, g眉nstige gegend f眉r essen, gute aussicht       K眉chenzeile  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pro e contro   showReview(19632279, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jexou
<Content>Bonne situation   showReview(18585150, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hotel au calme 脿 2 pas de Time Square   showReview(18528817, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon emplacement   showReview(18528816, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>voyages30
<Content>tr猫s bon choix   showReview(18296696, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel super Lage   showReview(18528815, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>da consigliare vivamente   showReview(18528808, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wuerde das Hotel jederzeit wieder buchen   showReview(18528806, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bel hotel   showReview(18528805, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Testsieger   showReview(18528804, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci ritorner貌 sicuramente   showReview(18528813, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(18528807, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione, buon rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(18528812, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lilibedard
<Content>tres bien pour le prix       time square  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Location strategica ma piuttosto vecchiotto   showReview(18528802, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait!   showReview(18528803, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas de mauvaise surprise   showReview(17429651, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>5 Tage New York   showReview(17429649, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Farbfoto
<Content>Angemessen und "Preisg眉nstig"   showReview(17202490, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schon etwas 盲lter aber trotzdem sch枚n   showReview(17429650, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17429648, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿-prezzo e stanze insolitamente spaziose per New York!   showReview(17429641, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon h么tel,central,mais sans plus.   showReview(17429642, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂筹紦浜恒仹銆?#x201d;   showReview(19171674, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>cool   showReview(17429639, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un excellent h么tel   showReview(17429638, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rden wir sofort wieder buchen   showReview(17429635, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualite prix pour NY   showReview(17429636, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correct bien situ茅   showReview(17429643, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlung f眉r einen erneuten Besuch   showReview(17429637, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Soggiorno incantevole al centro di New York   showReview(16588673, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PANNA81
<Content>OTTIMO   showReview(16455162, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel con posizione strategica nel centro di Manhattan   showReview(16588671, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualita/location/prezzo!!   showReview(16588670, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muss man sich merken   showReview(16588672, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non sono soddisfatto   showReview(16588669, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(16588668, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super bien plac茅   showReview(16588662, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>razzifummli
<Content>gutes Mittelklassehotel   showReview(15927912, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅 dans Manathan   showReview(16588661, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(16588658, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hotel avec parking gratuit   showReview(16588660, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel, tr猫s bien situ茅, service tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(16588659, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(15567111, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(15567110, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent service, tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(15567109, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel que je recommande fortement   showReview(15567116, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage   showReview(15567108, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tovain
<Content>Excellent sejour au Belvedere   showReview(15247840, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres agr茅able   showReview(15567115, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15567106, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(15567107, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour agr茅able, Hotel tr猫s bien plac茅.   showReview(14727772, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltniss   showReview(14727771, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trop bien ce petit h么tel   showReview(14727768, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde wieder in das Belvedere reisen   showReview(14727770, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel, Top Lage!   showReview(14727767, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrales Hotel mit gro脽en Zimmern   showReview(14727762, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(14727759, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confortable, agr茅able, j'y retournerai sans h茅siter   showReview(14727761, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 d茅couvrir   showReview(14727760, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a recommander   showReview(14727758, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Mittelklasse f眉r NYC   showReview(13974973, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix, tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(13974976, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent choix !   showReview(13974974, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(13974972, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>angenemes, gepflegtes Hotel   showReview(13974970, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ukyetta
<Content>Centrale e pulito   showReview(13111346, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cronista-xna
<Content>Buena relaci贸n calidad precio   showReview(12910994, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>giovibal
<Content>Non esaltante...   showReview(12798337, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19167814, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage   showReview(13195940, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccezionale, letti piccoli   showReview(13195942, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un albergo da scegliere!!   showReview(13195941, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Veroz
<Content>Buona location... forse un po' caro...       Bagno  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>New York-No毛l 2007   showReview(13195939, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Unkas
<Content>Ottimo e a due passi da Times Square   showReview(11944948, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kristin44
<Content>H么tel excellent   showReview(11495961, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>arass
<Content>consigliatissimo   showReview(10967250, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅 !   showReview(11300729, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai   showReview(11300728, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres agreablement surpris   showReview(11300727, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne situation de l'hotel .A 2 pas de Times square   showReview(11300726, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon emplacement et tr茅s bon confort.   showReview(11300725, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon s茅jour 脿 NYC   showReview(11300724, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Orome
<Content>Excelente opci贸n econ贸mica para los precios de Manhattan       Habitaci贸n - planta 17  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>unbedingt empfehlenswert   showReview(11300723, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel vieillot mais...   showReview(11657310, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schon zum 2. Mal   showReview(11657309, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut zentrale Lage   showReview(11657308, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr Empfehlenswert   showReview(11657307, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consigliamo a tutti!!   showReview(11657306, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait   showReview(11657303, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut!   showReview(11657305, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oscarogt
<Content>Menuda habitaci贸n triple!!   showReview(10002588, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' IN SUPER CENTRO!!! TROPPO COMODO!!!!   showReview(11657304, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ParisVoltaire
<Content>Central, confortable et sans fausse note   showReview(8575967, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DennyBergamo
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(8508149, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>alemanu
<Content>Location perfetta   showReview(8465592, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut aber mit T眉cken   showReview(11439650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo da consigliare!!!!!!   showReview(11439649, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in der N盲he des Times Square   showReview(11439648, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>zumel
<Content>recomendable opcion para hacer turismo en Manhattan   showReview(8275004, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel en rapport qualit茅 - prix    showReview(11439637, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tatinene
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(7595503, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11420848, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11420847, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>signer les yeux ferm茅s !   showReview(11420840, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11404503, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>izar
<Content>Buena elecci贸n   showReview(7474937, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut Empfehlenswert   showReview(11404502, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfait   showReview(11404500, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Adresse a retenir. Tr猫s bien localise a deux pas de Times Squares et Rockfeller Center. Excel pdj   showReview(11404499, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etwas verbraucht   showReview(11404483, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Gemitasn
<Content>Buena localizacion, malos servicios adicionales   showReview(7308072, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	2	

<Author>alicemilano
<Content>semplicemente perfetto!!!!   showReview(7189469, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仧銇ｃ仸鏅€氥伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160441, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缍洪簵銇с仺銇︺倐蹇仼銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160285, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Impeccable   showReview(11389193, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>redhot76
<Content>perfetto!!!   showReview(6699697, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel excellent   showReview(11389192, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>afroment
<Content>H么tel excellent   showReview(6595094, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>anilor
<Content>D茅cevant   showReview(6085741, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Andrea974
<Content>Ottima location-Servizio buono   showReview(6006660, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11365084, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superstadthotel in new york   showReview(11343772, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage bei gutem Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11343765, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s situ茅   showReview(11343764, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Centrale   showReview(11343763, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel belvedere-soggiorno piacevole   showReview(11343762, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tilucc
<Content>Giusto prezzo e posizione comoda   showReview(5558189, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TOSCANE
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix       Facade de Belvedere Hotel  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇?#x201d;   showReview(19930381, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>??_4?銇戙亗銇?..   showReview(19916295, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

