<Author>WinstonThieves
<Content>Don't stay here... I stayed in a private room for four nights and was robbed 3 times. The first day my money belt was stolen. It held my credit card, debit card, about 80 euro, and my social security card. Three days later my social security card magically appeared in my room. On both day three and day four a gram of marijuana was stolen from my room - on the third day i even took a picture of what i left in the room; when i got back the pictures didn't match. I finally spoke to someone at hotel reception and my room was not broken into (by staff i'm sure) on the fourth day. Do yourself a favor and pay a bit more for a nicer place...you're going to pay for it anyways. Staff are a bunch of thieves.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guatizajackie
<Content>fantastic time at the winston hotel have just stayed at the winston hotel on my first visit to Amsterdam and would recommend this hotel. The location is superb, we had a room on the 6th floor and didnt experience any noise problems.We had a small balcony, the room was more than adequate for our stay, everything functioned and there was a constant supply of hot water. Everything we asked for was dealt with at once by extremely friendly staff. The continental breakfast was enough to start the day and the bar in the evening was always busy and does a good two for one. All the bar staff are friendly but we must make special mention to the barman with the dreadlocks, sorry cant remember his name!! He was always friendly, chatty and helpful, a good asset to the hotel, perhaps a pay rise would be in order for him!!!!! Stayed at this hotel with a friend and when we go back to Amsterdam we will definitely stay at this hotel again. Thanks to all the staff for their friendliness  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>giedre-sa
<Content>On the spot The location for the place gies it more stars in general. Centrally located and not hard to find.Guys behind the desk are friendly and that's nice.The room itself is what you get for the price in Amsterdam. First impression wasn't the best really. The security measures for the entering are great but sometimes gets a little bit hard to cope. Dorm room with toilet  shower prooves the quality. Beds good for the price and the noise from street aint so big.A place for those who's looking for a place to crash after a party  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>kate_n_ian
<Content>Decent, centralized place to stay in Amsterdam St. Christopher's Winston is definitely a YOUTH hostel. I'm 23 and felt old, compared to the 18 year old, fresh out of high school roommates of mine. The rooms were adequate, and the en-suite showers and toilet were convenient. The hostel even provides guests with shampoo and conditioner packets, which came in handy throughout our 3 months in Europe. Breakfast is the same as pretty much every hostel we encountered...cereal, bread, coffee, tea, milk, etc. Nothing fancy, but nice enough. The hostel is about a 5 minute walk from the main square, and about a 15 minute walk (with heavy backpacks) from the train station, so it's pretty easy to find. It is literally in the middle of the red light district, so that's kinda cool if you're into that thing. Free tours pick up on weekdays at the hostel, and I would definitely take advantage of that...the tours are free and then you tip the tour guides. It's a good 3 1/2 hour tour of the city that really gets you acquainted with Amsterdam, and gives you lots of information you wouldn't know on your own.One of the things I disliked was the bar downstairs. Other hostels I stayed at that had bars were primarily filled with hostel guests. This bar is popular for EVERYONE so if you're trying to get to your room at night you have to wade through a sea of drunken teenagers, which can be annoying. The noise was at times loud enough to hear in the bedrooms but not too bad. If you're a major partier, you'll be happy. If not, you might get annoyed.Another thing, is the alley it's in is kinda sketchy. Drug dealers try to sell you things 24 hours a day, which made me a little nervous. They never seemed to be too harassing though.Overall, I enjoyed my stay here. It stays true to the Amsterdam feel, and you really can get a sense of this unique city.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>salalpha
<Content>Returned and Just as good!! Was back visiting the Dam again and chose the Winston to stay(As I arranged the holiday and I have stayed 3 times before). There were 7 of us, and I booked us an 8 bed dorm (Just a tip if you dont want some stranger in with you!) It was still cheaper by half than any other hotel in the area! (Trust me im the queen of booking hols!!)This time we stayed in the Hostel part rather than the hotel part! I was a bit nervous as we are all over 30 and was worried in case it was TOO basic.Everythin was fine!Room dead basic but spotless...even the mattresses were immaculate (1 of the party checked?!) I also picked the Winston as the security is second to non and you must enter 2 security doors before getting to your room!Also the Bar is so funky and has the cheapest drinks and food (Amazing quality by Dam standards!!)within the red light...They have two for one offers more often than not.You are situated here behind the (infamous?!)Grasshopper...Its a 15min stroll from Central station...Brekki is continental but fresh (EVERY time!).We also couldnt here a thing in our dorm..and wen we came home to get some sleep..the bar was absolutely BOOMIN!!Love it here..I recomend it to everyone, and will be staying again whether I come as a couple or a group.Only one little niggle...the staff were so laid back this time you could stand there 5 mins before eye contact was made even though they knew you were there!! (But they were still friendly enough!!) Go...You will love it!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>zxenthor
<Content>A catchy headline is insufficent description Ah Amsterdam. A city everyone should experience even just once. The stories the city one could tell. But I digress this is a hotel review and not of the great city.Well then where to start.Booking the hotel on the site is fairly limited. You can only book up to 7 days and you cannot select any art rooms. For this and more it would be best to book by phone.Ive stayed in the Winston now four or five times. And in whole I agree with almost all the reviewers on here. Both positive and negative. The hotel can indeed be terrible but it too can be a very enjoyable experience. It seems many of the rooms vary wildly.I've stayed in many hotels in Amsterdam, a few 5* and a few 1* many much worse and many better than the Winston but why do I still stay here you ask? Well its the ambiance of the place, its location and the uniqueness of the place. You don't come here for luxury you come for the experience. If you want luxury you'd be hard pressed to find a good hotel in the old center.The Winston hotel is situated in the old Amsterdam center and only a short stroll from the Train station ( Amsterdam station centraal). I usually arrive there in the morning and this is the perfect opportunity to take in the waking locals scurrying about their duties. As a First-timer you'll be aware you really don't have enough eyes on your head to avoid trams, cyclists on their silent and deadly bicycles (fiets) and cars all gunning to run over you, so stay very aware at all times.Finding the hotel is relatively easy. When you first walk into the hotel you head to the bar/reception area. You fill out a few forms and go through the usual (and much loved) Dutch ID procedure of photocopying your ID/passport etc. Though the Winston's ID procedure is not as painful as most other Dutch hotels who sometimes insist on keeping ID until your departure.If you have arrived early, you're allowed to put your luggage in a storage room until your room is ready (usually about 1400hrs)You get a flimsy square of Winston cardboard with your room number, and your key. You leave the key at reception every time you leave and pick it up (using your card) when you return. If indeed you have arrived when your room is ready, you can head straight to the room via the lift or the stairs (Trap) You'll find the Winston's Stairway a unique and enjoyable experience in the lowlands compared to most other Dutch staircases which require you to use all legs and hands to actually climb up.Once at your room, your reaction will vary greatly depending on which room you get, as many of the Winston's rooms are art rooms and many of the rooms are very nice, whilst many more of them are horrendous. (I advise you book by phone for an art room they're usually better quality)The rooms themselves are reasonable (usually) for a 1* hotel. The beds are sufficient quality. Most double beds are two beds conjoined which can be uncomfortable. The linens are clean and fresh. The styling, outside the art, is bare, simple and borderline comfortable. The rooms are usually fairly clean but could be better. The bathrooms vary on size. Most are a good size. The shower is usually large and always has hot water and good high pressure.You'll find the doors to the room don't completely seal tight so some sound from the hallways can leak in (and out). Though the connecting rooms are well sound-proofed in my experience so other than the street below sound from inside won't be the problem. On the matter of sound you'll have to get used to the VERY active/loud street life of Warmoestraat and connecting streets. The noise WILL continue from about 8pm until 5am. Add to that the nearby cathedral (Oude Kerk lit. Old church) Rings it's bell every 15 minutes all hours of every day.There is a tiny TV in the room with basic channels, local news and such. There aren't any English channels but you will find some American TV programmes in English. For those who have grasped the Dutch language, the local Amsterdam channel can be informative.The rooms in Summer can be very hot. The only air conditioning provided is a fan (usually but not always in rooms). Opening the windows helps but if your staying in a balcony room I wouldn't leave my balcony door open as all adjoining rooms share the same balcony.After you've had a nights sleep (or not) Breakfast is ready in the Bar downstairs. This is a buffet compiled of the Dutch style breakfast. Bread, cheese, milk, jam, cereals (brood, kaas, melk, jam, granen) and of course coffee and orange juice (with bits but I'm sure its from a carton)Once you've had your fill of Amsterdam and the Winston and ready to depart you simply vacate your room by midday (they're very strict about this) and leave your key at reception.So overall how is it staying here?The hotel was just about sufficient for our needs. I don't spend a lot of time in hotel rooms I prefer to be out and about seeing all there is. When I did spend time in the rooms it was mostly reading, relaxing or sleeping. I don't mind the noise or the state of the rooms so much but I wouldn't stay here for a luxury holiday or a romantic get away.The location is perfect for surveying the center of Amsterdam. Also if your into the drinking, smoking and late night activities (none of which I am ) you'll certainly enjoy your stay. If your here to capture the culture and ambiance of the old Amsterdam center then you'll enjoy your stay.However if your coming to see the luxurious or touristy side to Amsterdam you wont like it here. The hotel can be uncomfortable and un-luxurious. The location is certainly NOT for families and people looking for a quiet glamorous get away.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>snowpatrol7
<Content>Absolute Trash Me and my girlfriend stayed here for 3 nights (we moved to another hostel) and it was to say mildly, unpleasant. The room was dirty, sink was all choked up and best of all, RATS.One of the staff (who seems to be always there) was very rude and cocky. he was all attitude and gives the impression we're staying at HIS place and not paying. Try to avoid this place. You can get much better places and better prices somewhere close by (which we did).  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>irishgirl99
<Content>Loved this hostel!! Stayed in this hostel for a weekend with a group of girls. We booked a room for 8 online. The room was clean and had its own bathroom, what more do you want. It's nothing fancy but it's a hostel.The location of this hostel is PERFECT. You are right in the middle of everything and can easily walk everywhere. It's a 10 minute walk from the train station...with bags.The staff were great but we really didn't see too much of them. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>aoiferua1
<Content>Brilliant Hostel - Would recommend to anyone! Myself and 7 friends stayed at St. Christophers from the 26th till the 28th of September 2008. We booked a 8 bed dorm for us all that had an ensuite. The room a good size, the beds were very clean (we checked very throughly!) as was the bathroom (a seperate shower and toilet which is amazing for 8 girls!). The hostel is in the best location, you couldn't be closer to everything. The hostel is very much for people looking to have a good time. We got there late enough on the Friday and had to check in at the bar through a very big crowd of people drinking and having fun, but a short wait there was the only thing we could give out about. Great hostel!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Homeless_In_The_Dam
<Content>Booking Disaster Myself and a friend booked a total of 23 beds for my stag weekend.All went well until we were told on our arrival a booking for 15 beds had been cancelled by the hotel. We then spent the afternoon waiting around for a booking manager who still did not come to see us once he was in the hotel.The hotel claimed they had attempted to take part payment at some time previously (this had NOT happened with my booking made through the same booking site for the additional 8 beds). The hotel claimed they emailed us but could NOT confirm that we had received notification of the cancellation. Surelywhen cancelling a booking of this size the hotel should attempt to have the client to confirm they are aware there is a problem.As a result four guests were eventually given a bed (one being a single charged at 140 Euros when the original cost per bed was around 95) and the remaining guests had to move to another hotel which was a considerable taxi journey away.By the time the party staying in the second hotel got checked in and back to the Winston that was the best part of the first day of my stag weekend gone. Again on the second day taxis had to be booked to get the second part of the group to the Winston, which again wasted half of the Saturday.On the Sunday the rest of the party did not come to the Winston due to going to the airport later in the day and the additional taxi costs involved. A morning we had all planned to spend together before leaving but was again ruined trying to contact the rest of the party trying to make arrangements.All in all the blunder ruined my stag weekend which had been planned for best part of a year, cost 拢435 Euros in additional hotel costs plus uncalculated taxi fares.The hotel will now not respond to any emails regarding this.As for the hotel the location was OK but the facilites were exteremely basic even for a hostel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	-1	1	-1	3	

<Author>Jovanna
<Content>great hostel, bad initial experience       view of our funky room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jillcraig69
<Content>suicide pigs! we got the suicide commando pigs room! i felt suicidal when i entered the room! we booked a double en suite and got a filthy twin room with a tiny cupboard containing a toilet ,sink and shower with 2/3 of a shower door which meant the floor was swimming if you needed the loo after a shower. the beds were extremely soft and the curtains didn`t meet. the room was extremely basic and on a positive note the sheets and towels looked reasonably clean and the poison bait mouse box stayed empty.i didn`t think it was particularly cheap and hope others will not expect any reasonable levels of cleanliness or value for money when booking.the location was excellent but didn`t dare sample the breakfast after seeing the room.had a lovely bacon and egg bun for brekkie at stones bar along the road instead.amsterdam is a wonderful place just dont stay at the winston.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Brightontravels
<Content>Still Having panic attacks about the room....ARRGGGHHHHH Oh Sweet Lord where do I start...Normally I'm pretty good with choosing hotels (because of trip advisor ;-) ) However I made the mistake of letting someone else take control this time....The bar reception on arrival was fine...Loud music...Party atmosphere..What we were in Amsterdam for (Only 2 nights thank God!!!) Well I'm not afraid to admit that upon entering our room I did actually shed a tear.We had arrived in what looked like a crime scene...Of which a hooker had been murdered in...The room was dark purple and black...The '4' poster bed had ripped fur leopard print rags hanging from it. When I say ripped I mean they had been pulled from the rungs that had originally held them in place. The '4' poster bed's edges were covered in what can only be described as rough carpet. On the wall a picture greeted us...One of a woman topless and electric wires attached to her breasts...I turn the picture round as not to look at it and found it was covering a 'Punch hole' in the wall...Complete with blood stained edges.The bathroom was a shoe cupboard with a broken washbasin and wires hanging down over the shower unit...(Free electric shocks for one and all!)Needless to say we went to reception and were greeted by a man who had the attitude of a rabid dog...No we were told...They were fully booked and no other room was available. Seeing as we had paid cash as soon as we arrived and were with a group....We had to Stay... I would only ever recommend this hotel to my worst enemy...It's grotty, Smelly, rude staff, The rest of our friends rooms were equally disturbing...With one of them staying in a room that was just as dirty but with the theme of 'lets see how many plugs we can put on the walls' My other friends were staying in a room with painted faces on the wall and a balcony door that did not shut!We paid 110Euros per night for this room, A joke...I have been to Amsterdam 9 times and have always stayed in equal or if not cheaper places and have never come across such a Sh*thole of a hotel!The Club downstairs is good and fun but seriously spend your Euros elsewhere!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>tatlin
<Content>Mouse We had booked a double room with private shower/W.C. for 5 nights. However, we stayed only for the first night because there was a mouse in the room. The mouse ate some belgian chocolates (we were coming from Antwerpen). The chocolates were in the bottom of a suitcase under all our clothes). At 4 o' clock in the morning we went to complain at the reception. The guy there had a terrible attitude saying that it was our fault but in the end agreed to give us another room for the rest of the night. We went to the other room to find out that on the towels was some mice excrement (our fault this time?). Anyway, in the morning we cancelled our reservation, got our money back and found another hotel (this time)with less money, mice free, in a wonderful residence.Ok, it is known that Amsterdam centre has a mice problem but it is unacceptable in a hostel/hotel/BB to have such problems.On the other hand, the hostel has a terrific location to see Amsterdam on foot.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>travelman87
<Content>Fawlty Towers in the flesh Now, before I get into this review I must set out the good points first. The location is superb, cannot be questioned, and for this reason I must give the place credit. The bar is also fantastic, and was constantly buzzing with a great atmosphere throughout our 4 night stay.However, the rooms, well they were simply disgusting. I slept on a broken bed with a cushion for a pillow next to semen stained curtains. It stank and obviously hadn't been cleaned in months. We never even had the room serviced when we were there - this was a twin bed private bathroom room. As a group we had 3 of these rooms, each with their own problems, but all being filthy.Ours had the semen curtains, another was so hot it was unbearable (even though the outside temperature was only 15 degrees centigrade), and the other had urine stains on the bathroom door which led to the most dispicable shower I had ever seen. You would need to be 2ft tall and about 6 stone in weight to even fit in the thing, it defied belief.Yet to compund this, we had major problems even getting to the rooms in the first place. We decided to use the lift, as we had suitcases, and obeyed the weight and person limit. Two of us got out and went to wait at the bar for the others to drop off their bags. 10 mins went by and then I had a phone call - the other persons were stuck in the lift. They had activated the alarm, but it was a pathetic intermittent beep which could not be heard above the bar music where the staff resided, and in fact no one had realised they were stuck. This is a major safety hazard, and when Basil the owner was informed he decided to do nothing for about 5 mins since he was busy. I'm sorry but I think people trapped in a lift should take priority.Down to the bar the next morning, we were informed that we would have to move rooms for the final night, causing us unnecessary hassleThe guy was a nutter, clearly having no clue on how to run the place. It was revolting. However, the worst came the day after the holiday when I contracted an illness due to the filth of the placeMy advice, visit the bar, but DO NOT stay in the dump  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	1	2	

<Author>adobe07
<Content>Brilliant hotel. No complaints! Brilliant hotel. I could leave it at that. One of best hostels i ever stayed at. Full of young people to meet. Friendly staff, and a great bar that connects to the hotel.There is a luggage room you can leave your bags before/after you check in/out.Room just what we needed, small twin. no fuss, small bathroom, but what do we need for the kind of price we paid. In heart of red light district, perfect [lace to stay!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Bevp
<Content>Perfect for seeing the sights - right in the heart of the Red Light District       Front of Winston  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>I_A_N_B01
<Content>What Are They Moaning About? Dear me - what do you expect for accomodation in the centre of a major European capital for 50 euro a night?This is not a lovers' retreat, it's a cheap and cheerful hostel with good facilities and some fairly freaky decor. The beds are prefectly adequate to pass out on and the location is fantastic - right in the middle of everything for the night out, and a short trip when you are feeling that the culture meter is registering empty....and it's 50 euro per person!I've been there twice and it's been great both times.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>luc1e8
<Content>Fantastic hostel for the price wicked location       1st floor landing wall art  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>MrPinky
<Content>Fun and strange! Well Just back from another fabulous holiday in the Dam. It was my eighth time but first time in a hostel.I was very apprehensive as i have always stayed in pretty nice hotels and some of the reviews were quite scary.Found hotel no problems and we were able to lock our bags in hold until 2pm. Not too impressed with security but thankfully everything was ok.There were 11 of us in our party ( all hard working nursing staff ) so we were looking to party obviously! 8 had the dorm downstairs, small room with 4 bunk beds in and a small toilet.I had a twin room but someone dropped out so i swapped with two others and had a double room to myself. Both private rooms were very funky and both very different in there design and decor.These rooms were about the same size as the 8 bedded dorm and i think had a bigger bathroom.Rooms were clean and showers great. New towels every day which is nice.We spent alot of time in the downstairs bar which was pleasant and comfortable. Some good offers on, such as two for one on stella and jack daniels. Some of our party loved this!We were quite loud and boisterous at times and were told to behave! Staff do need to chill out a bit ,as we were spending a fortune so they should have been delighted! Also there was a staff member who obviously thought he was a policeman who when questioning one of our party about if she had a key, he shouted into her face  its the law  Jeeze!Location is really good and you can walk to all attractions in a short while.Quiet enough late at night apart from the odd people shouting outside but the worst noise came from the ringing of church bells outside ( Xmas tunes ) from about 6am.It drove me crazy.All in all really enjoyed holiday and hostel was pretty cool.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>devbrad
<Content>great hotal       one of the best cafes around  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>medegh
<Content>Bad place to stay i stayed there for 2 nights, and that was enough...., really dodgy...bad rooms, staff couldnt care less, and the chef there is very weird, in my opinion. dirty as well  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rstonesuga
<Content>Favorite place to stay in Amsterdam       Beds in 6 person dorm style room  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>strawdan
<Content>Cheap and cheerful If your looking for a good base right in the heart of amsterdam and just a stone's throw from the red light district with a great atmosphere and comfortable accomodation then St Christophers is the place to be. I travelled to Amsterdam for my birthday weekend with a group of mixed friends and found this place to be extremely welcoming. The rooms were basic but quirky and individual, the bathrooms were standard and fresh bedding and towels were provided which was more than i expected. To our surprise we found that continental breakfast was included in our rate and that was nice and fresh.The in house bar is large and full of life with a number of promotions including 1 euro jaegermeisters!! A auto lock door divides the bar from the rooms for added piece of mind.The staff were all friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billywizz
<Content>great place What a great place! I stopped there with six other mates and although we all went for a lads weekend,we were just interested in the beer and the partying. When i booked the hotel i was a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews,however i needn`t have worried.We arrived on the friday morning just after 10am although it says you can`t check in until 11am they checked us in early which was very good.We left our luggage in a locked room as the rooms weren`t ready until 2pm which was fair enough.We came back just after 2pm went into our room and was shocked as the room hadn`t been serviced.I went to the reception and told them about this,the guy on reception made a quick phone call and apologised to us and said if we all went to the bar we could have a free beer on them.Whithin half an hour the room was serviced and was absolutely spotless.  We stayed in room 2,an 8 bed dorm on the gound floor which was hot as there was only a small window (for security reasons?) but other than that it was ok. This was the only hiccup we had all weekend and we thought the staff were great,very polite and friendly. There were some great offers on at the bar:bottled stella 2 for 1 at 4 euros etc.And the food was great (recommend the Chili Con Carne ! ) a good breakfast with fresh orange juice,bread,meat,cheese,jams,3 types of cereal,fruit,tea and coffee. All in all a very relaxed place to stay (maybe they have taken negative comments from websites such as these on board?) I would thoroughly recommend this as a place to stay.Don`t expect the ritz,as you get what you pay for,but out of the budget hostels i have stayed in,this one is the best by far. Relax and enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tgolin
<Content>No, No, No, Our St. Christopher's at The Winston experience was, in one word, bad .Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 3 nights last summer. We decided to shell out on one of their private Art Rooms and made sure to phone and request a specific room based on the pictures they publish. We were guaranteed that the room we requested would be available for us. We expected this hostel to be a funky cool type of place.When we arrived at the hostel we were told that the room we requested was not reserved for us and that we have a different room waiting (The staff were not even bothered by this and acted as if it was a daily routine for them to handle booking problems). The room we got was nothing like the picture we saw. The artsy factor consisted of the walls being pale pink and a few small framed pictures. That could not hide the very obvious bad state of the room and it being far from clean.The bathroom we had was tiny, the door wouldn't close properly and the light was very low. there was also a problem with the toilet not flushing properly. The remote control for our TV didn't work. We had it replaced at reception, only to discover that the TV itself did not work...The staff were generally not very friendly and the atmosphere is not the social buzz that most people look for in a hostel. Location was good though and there is a nice bar at the ground floor. When I returned to Amsterdam a couple of weeks later I stayed at a different hostel which was a much nicer experience. I wouldn't recommend the Winston.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tan78
<Content>Great Place to Stay We stayed here in a double room, it was an art room and was very clean. We were surprised that towels were provided, and changed each day (this may not be the case in dorms). Breakfast was nice each morning, and the shower was brilliant, which is pretty unusual! Location was A1 - we could walk everywhere, it is very central and easy to go anywhere. It was quite noisy outside late in the evening, but as its in the centre you have to expect that.All in all I would recommend this hostel, and would stay there again myself.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Mr Steve-1
<Content>a great choice for backpackers       the bar toilets  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	1	4	2	2	-1	3	

<Author>SMandMM
<Content>Very Different! My boyfriend and I traveled to Amsterdam and where a bit worried that the hostel we picked would be dirty and well, what all 1st time travelers would think about a hostel.With that said, we where pretty pleased!It was very easy to find and if you take the train into Amsterdam it is not a far walk at all (about 5 mins if you know where you are going and 10 if not). We where driving from Paris, which was a bit of a problem as there is no parking. The lady at the front desk was very helpful on saving us money and showed us where to park outside of the city to take the train in.The hostel is in a great spot as it is not deep in the red light and is in a very quite spot. There is also a police station right around the corner from it. We only had one night where there were people in the streets yelling and someone came out and told them to shut up as no one wanted to hear it. The downstairs is a bar and is very clean and friendly. We had a private room including private bathroom. Each room in the hostel is different and ours was no expectation. We walked into the room and went down a long hallway, and then stairs that went down to a king size bed in the middle of the room with the craziest walls ever. The room was a very good size, with lots of room to move around and a table with two chairs and also a TV with cable. The only problem we had with the room itself was the fact the shower was missing the door and the drain was clogged so the water would just build up. Also there was no where for toilet paper. The bathroom would get a 2 in my books. We did have clean towels every day and where never bothered!You can come and go from the hostel as much as you want, you leave your room key in at the front desk and they give you a card you have to show to get your key back when you return. At 1st we didn鈥檛 care for leaving our key but nothing was touched in our room and if they needed or wanted to get in there im sure they have extra keys! They lock the front door at a certain time and you have to ring the bell and wait for the guy to let you in. Out of all the hostels we walked past I would prefer to go back to this one. Besides the fact it was clean, each time you stay you will have a different room and that it self was a winner in my book! My boyfriend would say his favorite thing was the girls in the windows behind our hostel; they always seemed to be the best looking girls in the district, the VIP bunch!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>jd1983
<Content>Fabulous Backpackers! I stayed here over the Easter Weekend in April 2007.The place was great! It's basic but the bathroom was clean as were the beds and they were comfy.The bar downstairs was constantly busy and happening and it was great for getting quick meal and having a few drinks with friends and then you can just head straight upstairs to bed!Location is excellent - you can walk everywhere you want to go.Would stay here again. :)  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Chingers
<Content>Awful I was traveling with my boyfriend and thought that we can dorm it in Amsterdam given the higher prices. St. Christophers nearly ruined our experience in this wonderful city.Pros:a very nice/posh bar/lounge area at the frontgreat breakfastextremely easy access from the train stationtolerance for stoners (and maybe thiefs)Cons:Poor security: although each and every one of us had a swipe card which needed to be shown to a staff for entry, main entry this method does not work 100% of the time. Not to mention, the swipe door to the hostel doesn't even lock properly, so anyone who sneaks by the front door would have direct access to the hostel section. Each hostel bed has a locker associated with it. PLEASE USE IT! Our camera was stolen right from our hostel room and the staff didn't even bat an eyelash when we reported to them. Ironically, the other guests had their cellphone out and wine and such and those did not get stolen. So I do admit perhaps luck has to do with it?Stuffy, hot room: We had a small 8 bed dorm with ensuite bathroom. The air was absolutely foul as there is only a 2 inch window opening onto the street. Forget about air conditioning, there is not even a fan!! Everyone radiating body heat and no air circulation = terrible night of sleep. In fact, the air was so bad that both of us caught the same cold virus and remained sick for days after. Noise: Reminder that this is the red light district. Our small window opens right into a noisy ally. Conversations, swearing, people walking by and related street noises rang in our ears all night long.Overall, we had a terrible experience at the Winston. In fact, we were out in the city for as long as possibl just to avoid going back to the stuffy hostel room or sitting with stoners in the bar. If you must cheap it and stay at the hostel section, don't stay there for more than two nights to keep your sanity, health and brain cells. If you don't need to breathe or sleep, I'd say this place is perfect. I can't comment on the hotel section but I can imagine people having better experiences.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Damslapougne
<Content>Not so bad My girlfriend and me have spent one night in a dorm (8 persons). So like in every dorm, we had these problems: - WC  shower were not so clean (but enough to use them!) - you're woken up by your roommates during night Good: - hotel is really safe - staff is friendly - nice bar inside (with a terrace)- not too noisy - very good location Bad:- it was really hot in the dorm (even with the fans) - roommates who switch on the light when you're asleep- the shower's light which you can't switch offIt was nice staying at this hotel, I recommend it for people who stay a short time in Amsterdam to visit or to party  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>treehavn
<Content>the keyword is 'sleaze'... It's worth bearing in mind that the Winston is both a hostel and a hotel. We stayed two nights in one of the hotel art rooms - from her photos, the same on that ladolcevita13 (below) stayed in - and enjoyed our break very much. The bar in which the reception is situated is welcoming and we found the staff to be slightly distracted at times but always friendly. Security is good in a somewhat dodgy neighbourhood and the location is very central and an easy walk from the station. The continental breakfast was plentiful and filling. As some other reviewers have brought it up, I'll mention that although there's doubtless a lot of drinking, smoking and, uh, other less wholesome pleasures going on in the place, we didn't feel that it was assumed (by the staff or the other visitors) that this was all we were interested in. The room was pleasant enough, on the seventh floor (there's a lift) and set in the older part of the hotel, with a high ceiling and big windows overlooking the street. As you'd expect from the area, it's noisy day and night and when we were there it was very hot. The bathroom was a very small but functional wet room and the bed linen and towels were clean. The room itself was pretty grubby and needed a good hoover; there was an old puke stain on the carpet next to the bed and we found some discarded pills in the corners. All in all, it was a bit tired but not uncomfortable. I'd stay again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>nanakixii
<Content>Not for culture tourists If you have come to Amsterdam to club every night, get drunk, get stoned and the like then this hostel is probably OK for you and you can maybe ignore this review.If, however, you have come to Amsterdam to experience the city, the culture and be able to look around Holland it is not for you. Our room had 8 beds and they were very disorganised with who was meant to be sleeping where, resulting in the possiblity of sleeping on someone else's dirty linen - ugh! There is no kitchen or common room, your only options are your room or the bar. The bar is, as you might reasonably expect from a bar, noisy and smoky and not the best place to relax after a hard days walking. The room was OK, the bed linen (when clean!) was good but two major gripes - the other people who got wasted the previous night will often be sleeping during the afternoon meaning you cannot put the lights on and chat without disturbing them. Also, the bunk beds were vertically so close together that if you are on the bottom bunk then you do not have space to be able to sit up on the bed!!! Also, big warning (as I'm sure they don't tell you this) - this hostel is very close to the red light district, so if this isn't your thing don't stay there!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	2	3	2	-1	3	

<Author>ladolcevita13
<Content>Good       the bed  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Andyvegas
<Content>Aggressive,arrogant staff The hotel Winston staff only assume one thing when you show up at the front desk : you are in Amsterdam to get drunk,stoned and get laid with a hooker. The consequence of this is that they treat you like a piece of junk delinquent..annoying tourist,it doesn't really matter if you are in town to see Van Gogh and other cultural and artsy stuff.I've almot ended my stay with a fisical fight with one of the front desk guys...unbelivable..what an arrogant loser.Be aware of your room rate because it seems very frequent that they charge and extra 20/30 Euro in your final balance.We had an art room,wich even if it was clean it was nothing special or artsy about. Sheets were clean,but the mattresses keep sliding down the bed frame...shame on Winston.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>mpr612
<Content>just another sleaze hotel The Winston Art Hotel is a fun place to stay if you're in Amsterdam for a few days. It's located on a side street between the main square and the red light district, about a five minute walk from the central train station. Prices were reasonable for such a centrally located property: they have a couple hostel-style rooms with multiple beds, which are always under 30 euros, and single/double rooms are between 50 and 100, depending on when you go. All of the hotel rooms were designed by different artists, so they have a very unique ambience. The hotel has a young, hip atmosphere, with a busy bar in the lobby and the Club Winston next door that has live music and DJs. It's not a good hotel if you want a quiet place to sleep, though. When the weather was nice, the outdoor patio  courtyard were so busy with revelers, even during the week, that I could hear the laughing/singing/hollering from my room (on the 6th floor) well past 2AM.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>shelly-annManchester
<Content>Fantastic party hotel!!       room 205  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>slicer123
<Content>Good time had by all Six of us stayed in the hostel part of the hotel in a 6 bed dorm. On suite shower and toilet.(Room 1). No problem with security as we were all issued with keycards. The ages of our party ranged from 26 to 61, but every body had a great weekend. Cannot comment on breakfast as none us were up in time, but toasties and coffee in bar were not too expensive. Bar staff were very friendly and helpful and were up for a laugh. T he dorm had bunk beds but were comfortable. Bar stayed open until 5am.(Reason for missing breakfast). Great area for window shopping.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Mighty_and_Duane
<Content>The rats! I鈥檝e stayed at this hotel twice before and had no problems. Although third time unlucky鈥?br/>This time we were on the second floor and we saw rats in our room. The hotel staff refused to give us a refund and instead upgraded us to a 鈥減remium room鈥? What a joke. The room was even worse. It smelt of urine, the beds were in a terrible condition, the TV and phone didn鈥檛 work, and the bathroom was abysmal.Recently the hotel have upgraded the bar downstairs, which is one of the best places we went to in the city. The breakfast was also pretty good, and security was good (although get the impression that there is a racqueter group looking after it (the same burly guys wondering in every two hours having a quick walk about and then leaving).This is a great place to stay, the rooms are funky, its very central. Suits groups of friends rather than couples and definitely not families. My advice鈥?pick a room at the top. There鈥檚 less noise and rodents.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	3	2	

<Author>Major-General
<Content>You get what you pay for       The bathroom  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderlustering
<Content>hostel-style but not too bad the location was great but it was more like a hostel than a hotel, even the top floors which are supposed to be the hotel part. great bar/lounge downstairs w/ drink specials, noise didn't carry at all. room was smallish but fun. the room across the hall from us was broken into however, which caused us not to leave ANY valuables in the room and steal our key when we left (apparently in europe you leave your hotel key at the desk when you leave - HUGE PROBLEM here b/c the key rack is within reach of people sitting at the bar - just not safe or smart!). its right IN the red light district - you can see many things from the windows - not on the border, so don't stay here if you're not up for peeping toms lurking about. other than that, really close to public transportation, great bars and coffee shops, some good restaurants. not sure if i'd stay there again but would recommend it - cheap and accessible.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Casualist
<Content>The noise, the noise ... Like many others using this hotel, I wasn't really going to care if it was going to be noisy ... but the constant noise drove me insane. Junkies, beggars and drunks were constantly yelling and shouting on the street outside 24/7, oh and throw in the church bells, street cleaners and trash collectors for good measure. With no air con you have to leave windows open and the noise was terrible. The condition of the rooms is just as others have described - run down, shabby and poorly maintained. The art rooms are quite funky, I've stayed in the Heineken room, the Chemistry room and the penis room but the novelty soon wears off. The bar/club downstairs is excellent though, staff seem reasonably OK. Security is good and it needs to be given all the low-lives that hang around the front door day/night. Another plus is the rooms being quite large by Amsterdam standards.A good party hotel in the middle of the red light area (and on the gay mile, for those that way inclined) but if you want to get at least some sleep during your stay, consider other places.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathymmmm
<Content>Art Rooms an interesting twist The rooms are fairly average and basic, but the art gives them an interesting twist. As with most hostels, it is loud at night so bring earplugs.The bar is great with two for one deals on beer. The breakfast included was great. Location is in the red light district so very central.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>adele75
<Content>disappointed We booked a room for three nights, but after one lousy and noisy night in a small, untidy mouldy room was enough. Not a cheerfull experience as the hostel promised. Neigbourghs stopped making noise at 5am and the constructionworkers started at 7am. Rooms weren麓t anything as the websitepictures showed. Junkies and pickpockets were lurking tourists right outside the hostel door. And the Winston wasn麓t cheap. You could get much better accomodation for less money, as we eventually did.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Loomey
<Content>A great time was had by all Hen Party Heaven Having just got back from a weekend in Amsterdam I can report that the hostel was great. Having read some of the reviews posted at the bottom I was quite worried initially.The rooms are as clean as can be expected and the beds were very comfortable. You get what you pay for here but the best things were the bar and nightclub literally joined to the hostel. They were great places to pop down to before or after we went out and the food seemed to look good too.We went for a hen party and it was just what we needed - right in the heart of Amsterdam and central to everywhere. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>carolinep1977
<Content>Would thoroughly recommend The Winston! I've just returned from a hen weekend in Amsterdam where we stayed at The Winston and thoroughly enjoyed it. Come Friday I was a little apprehensive as some of the group had read some of the negative reviews on the internet but we were pleasantly surprised on arrival. We were booked in easily enough and although the art rooms are a little unusual they all added to the fun. Our beds were a little on the narrow side and the bathroom was tiny but they were most importantly clean. The bar was great with nice staff, the food was good and they stayed open to a very decent time in the morning. In addition the security was excellent which, as a group of girls, makes a lot of difference.If you want a spotless room and a quiet place to sleep I wouldn't recommend here, but if you are a group of friends going away for the weekend The Winston and the surrounding area are perfect.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThorM
<Content>Fun and art-filled I stayed with a friend in the Winston during September of 2005 and had a blast. We had two rooms, one had a dominatrix theme and one was sort of post-modern white. Rooms were a bit warm, as we didn't have a/c, but they were well-kept and the management was friendly. The location was perfect for going out, though not for those looking to go to sleep early.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itchybasil
<Content>Fab place!       my fave canal pic!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>R0adrnr
<Content>Definitely Not a 2 Star hotel I am puzzled why this hotel gets a 2 Star Rating. Although each room supposedly has a different type of theme which makes the hotel somewhat unique, the room was quite disappointing. The room is small even to Amsterdam standards. There was a lack of maid service - eg beds werent made, bathroom wasnt cleaned, floor wasnt vacuumed, trash wasnt emptied. The only exception to that was that someone, during the course of the day, dropped off a couple of towels. There was also no television, which was a first for me in Europe. The view was similar to some of the other reviews - a view of an alley featuring 6 red light district rooms. Late at night it was pretty noisy because the window overlooks the outside area of the noisy restaurant. The restaurant itself was fairly nice and the staff were pretty much OK but definitely not great. The complimentary breakfast was also below Amsterdam standards. Oh and for some reason I thought there was wireless access - there isnt - but inside the hotel you can get 15 minutes of access for 1 Euro; about the going rate. For some folks, it might be a fun place to go, but I likely wont go back there again. For a better deal and location, I would go back to the Delta Hotel, on the Damrak.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>lippyfairy
<Content>surprised great location, was surprised how the hostel was clean and lively, was expecting a dump but pleasantly surprised, rooms were clean, we stayed in a 3 bed roon own shower. good security, basic breakfast but filled a hole. not nosy at all, pleasant staff, i would recommed for a break, not the ritz but what do you want , cheapest i had found...  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elijahhawaii
<Content>Holy smokes !!!! you a druggie? perfect hotel! avg budget traveler? AVOID!!! I was on a 5 week trip of Europe in Nov 2001 (not 2002 actually). The one Brit who wrote the review what do you come to Amsterdam for? is just as right as me and the others. i will let him speak for the partiers --- If you are a party animal who plans to be so drunk or stoned that you will never notice what a cheap dump you are in, then this is the perfect place for you. If you do not have a lot of money to spend and you do not plan to spend what little money you have for the legal marijuana/cannibis, then AVOID this hotel at all costs. Bite the bullet - Spend the USD$100+ a night and go the the Ibis hotel by the train station. Before my trip, i planned every detail to avoid problems like this. I tried so hard to find a quality hotel in Amsterdam at an affordable price, and I thought I found one that was not in the Red Light district. (i found a couple of sites that claim hotel Winston is 2 minutes from it when in reality it is in the middle of it!) I saw a photo of the lobby on the internet site and it looked very classy. The price was right for me - about 75 euros a night. I was soooo tired from my 11 hour train ride from Zurich, and I was so happy to see that the photo of the lobby was accurate. I checked in and went upstairs to my room AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!I clearly asked if the room would have a private bathroom - Yes, they said. However, only the shower was in the room - community toilets ! - no thanks - that hotel floor was full of druggies and drunks. The carpet was disgusting looking , the bed looked horrible, old, and lumpy. I seem to recall the color RED for the paint on the walls, very very very RED. PLUS - who frames a pair of dirty looking MENS UNDERWEAR (tighty whitey no less !!!) and hangs it on the wall as ART ?? ART?!??!?!?!maybe they got their interior decorating ideas from the movie Nation Lampoon's Animal House ........That is exactly what it looked like. So I dropped my luggage in the room at 11pm - the shock and awe prevented me from being sleepy anymore. I immediately walked the whole main part of the city going into every good hotel looking for a place to stay. I did not sleep that night. I went to a 24-hour internet cafe and stayed up all night. I retrieved my luggage in the morning, checked out and went to the IBIS hotel by the train station for 100 Euros a night. That was the only hotel that I felt was safe, and reasonably priced. See my review of it when I write it. PS I noticed that budget traveler families were more likely to post positive feedback about this place than budget traveler individuals - perhaps there is something to that. Perhaps to hotel staff - Families would not be drunks/ potheads and therefore get decent rooms, but maybe they think individual travelers would be drunks / potheads and therefore they (we) get the Animal House accomodations...... hmmmm  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Samira114
<Content>Will Not Return I stayed in this dump for 3 nights with my boyfriend and it is by far the worstplace a have ever stayed. We ordered on the net and managed to get it at adiscount price. When we got to the hotel we had to pay the normal price and notat the discounted price! Unfortunatly my bf had lost the confirmation form! Theroom was alright, small and dark but hey, it was cheap and all we would be doingin there would be sleeping as we would be out all day and night. But there wereso many problems! We booked a double room and we got 2 poxy single beds pushedtogether and when your alseep at night you tend to move around a bit and thebeds eventurly end up moving apart and you fall in between! We had words to thestaff and they were very unhelpful. The toilet absolutly smelt like it hadntbeen cleaned for weeks and the shower was rubbish. the water sparyed one way andthe door on the shower was broken so all the water came through on to the floor.we had words with the staff about this aswell and it it took 2 days for them tosort it out. but they didnt sort it properly as all they did was take the dooraway which meant the whole place would get even more soaked then it did before!it was very noisy outside and couldnt sleep properly. overall, the stay washorrible and there are better hotels to stay in at the same price. people, lookmore before you book here!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rooeyred
<Content>What a dump!!!! I stayed here with my boyfriend and another couple,I've been to Amsterdam many times and stayed in some dodgy hotels but this place really takes some beating!!! Now I know it's a budget hotel but the rooms we stayed in (the grip room  the Durex room) were absolutely filthy and the 'art' was downright depressing and oppressive! I think I'm pretty open minded but I don't call what looked like loads of used condoms stuck on a wall, art!! The three or four rat poison boxes dotted around the room were charming too.The horrible orange plastic faux leather bedcover in the grip room was filthy and the carpets in both rooms looked like they were alive with something.The staff were rude and unhelpful and I couldn't wait to get out of there!I like to party and have stayed in lots of budget hotels aroung the world but this place is by far the worst.Avoid this dump like the plague because there are much better places available in Amsterdam for the same budget.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good for money-basic We stayed for 3 nights and we had 3 bed en suite. it was basic but good. the beds we has were so comfortable it was difficult to get out of them. A bit noisy but what do you expect for a budget hostel right in the centre. great location. i would stay here again and i was fairly satisfied with the place.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eccentric but utilitarian       Hotel Winston lobby  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chadw12343
<Content>Will not return My wife and I stayed here two nights in September 2005. We have traveled extensively in Germany, Austria, France, Italy  Ireland and have stayed in all kinds of hotels, pensions and BBs. The Winston by far was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Our Issues were: We asked two bath towels (double room) this took 18 hours for the second towel. The shower had no sprayer head, it was like taking a shower in front of a garden hose. The toilet set was not attached to the toilet, definitely an 鈥淓 ticket鈥?ride. The toilet leaked at the base. The TV did not work. The room was not serviced (i.e. beds not made, trash not emptied). Worst of all, the room was on the 7th floor and faced the street, partiers all night and loud talking (yelling) until 5am, then the city sends in trash trucks  street sweepers (2 sleepless nights). Yes, the room was cheap, and we got what we paid for. I will not be a return customer.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your reservation number!!! Um can't really write a review because technically I never stayed there. I had a reservation for the weekend but realized going to the airport that I forgot my reservation number. I called the hotel and was told that they couldn't find my reservation but to come anyway...slightly worrying seeing that I had left a credit card number and we were due to land around 11pm. Anyway, got the hotel and faced the same lady that I had spoken to over the phone. Was told that the hotel is full and she can't do anything without the reservation number...hello? if the hotel is already full, how is finding my reservation number going to help things? I asked if she could help me find another place to stay, seeing that I was in Amsterdam for all of 1 hour, the mix up was their fault and it was 1am. Nope..had to walk the streets and find a hotel. so my advice is remember your reservation number and maybe call beforehand to confirm again!!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stag Party Heaven We were in a room of 8 (bunk beds) earlier this year for my Stag Party and for that kind of break, the Winston was spot on. The location was exactly what we wanted and the room was one of the cheapest we could find. We didn't have much to do with the staff and the only problem was that when getting in at about 5am, I had no idea what room I was in and neither did the dazed guy at reception. As a result, he decided to open doors of a few guests so that I could poke my head in and try to remember where I was staying. Sorry! I got there in the end, though.Definitely wouldn't bring my wife here but for groups of party-goers it's ideal.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holy Smoke!!       The comfy single bed.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel Winston does the job!! This is the second time my husband and have I visited this hotel - the first was for my honeymoon in 1997 and more recently for my husband's belated 40th birthday present. I think the best thing about this hotel is location, location, location. It all depends on what you are in the Dam for. If you are looking for luxury accommodation this this is not the place. If you are looking for somewhere to put your head down and do you know what then it's fine. We spent to days chilling out - which is what we wanted to do. Down side - no tea/coffee facilities in room but you could get a very decent coffee from the bar downstairs. It wasn't too noisy and room (702 - Matisse Art Room) was clean and comfortable and everything worked. The staff were friendly enough. I'd stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bod
<Content>Superb! We have just returned from a 3 day break in Amsterdam. After finding the name of The Winston and reading some mixed reviews we booked it. It was fantastic, cheap and very cheerful. This was my 3rd time in The Dam but my first at the Winston, if I were to go back this would always now be my first choice!It is not the fanciest place to stay but it was clean, you felt safe and the location was great!In our party were 3 women in there 20's and 2 in there 40's and all had a fab time!!On the lower levels the music was load but bearable. (After a visit to some coffee shops and a few beers its not hard to sleep) :)I would definitely recommend people to stay here.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it used to be We have stayed here a couple of times now and it is not what it once was. The rooms that used to be fun are now very much in need of a refurbish and were not the cleanist or most comfortable. Carpets were dirty, bedding was full of holes, and the heating was off!! The worst was the smell from the drains in the bathroom and the smell of the toilets in the bar area that greeted you each morning as you entered the breakfast room. Standards have dropped here and the noise levels increased. Suffice to say not a romantic weekend break but if you are on a stag party you will not notice any of the above complaints.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ilona06
<Content>Loved It!!! Stayed in the Absolutely Danny room. Too fun! Location was fabulous. This is not your Holiday Inn Express. Can't beat the location in the red light district. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I didn't come here to sleep! Let's face it. Why did we come to Amsterdam? During the day, its museums and sightseeing. At night, its the charms of the Red Light District. I was here with my 17 year old son, my brother-in-law and another friend. We had a great time! Was the Winston noisy....yeah, was it plush....no. Did I expect it to be noisy...yes! Did I expect it to be plush....no. Let's face it, this was a spur of the moment trip for my group that was inexpensive and close to the action. The Winston filled the bill. Actually, it fit the bill much better than most American hotels. We had a quad room (four single beds, as oppose to two doubles) with private bath. In my real life I travel extensively on business and stay in some great hotels. I expect creature comforts. Come to the Winston expecting a college dorm. It totally met my expectations. I would recommend it to anyone coming to Amsterdam for the bachelor party experience.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Narnia72
<Content>Avoid!!! Read reviews and thought - we like partying and this hotel looks a bit unusual, so will try it. Big mistake! We arrived past midnight and as we opened the door, a haze of pot smoke floated out. The night porter was completely stoned and didn't look as though he had had a wash for about 10 weeks. He demanded we paid upfront for all 3 nights - before even seeing the room. We were tired from travelling and so therefore agreed, but I would suggest you agree only to pay for the first night to check it out before you stay any longer!We had booked the Timberland room (602). It is a reasonable size, but painted very red (fun for about 5 minutes, then it gives you a headache) and the orange fluorescent lighting is horrible. But the real piece de resistence is the illuminated picture above the bed, which is of legs wearing timberland boots, with a pair of ears grafted onto each leg and long hair growing down them. Pretty unappealing stuff...The bed is the lumpiest bed I've ever slept on, and is shoved up against the wall, which means if there are 2 people sleeping there, one has to climb over the other to get out. The bathroom was reasonable - quite a good shower area, however, we were told not to have too long a shower, else we would set the fire alarm off.We went down to breakfast at 2 minutes to ten (it finished at 10). There was an extremely unfriendly notice on the door saying doors would be closed at 9.50 am. We tried to get a cup of tea, but they turned the machine off at the socket. The rudest waitress I've ever had the misfortune to encounter basically told us to get out. When we complained about her attitude (I had to remind myself we'd actually paid to stay here), we were told that there had been many complaints about her behaviour, but she said everyone was rude to her. No apology, of course!The breakfast - when we made it down the second day at an earlier hour - was basic but fine. Hot rolls and hot boiled eggs (if you got them as soon as they came out of the kitchen), standard ham, cheese etc (fresh rather than pre-packed) - but lousy orange juice made from powder. However, they didn't seem to object if you took it back up to your room. We preferred this, as the breakfast room was like a classroom you had to camp out in.The second day we came back to our room in the evening to find the master key in the lock. No idea how long it had been there and luckily nothing was taken, but again when we went to complain they just laughed it off.On the final day we were basically encouraged to leave on the dot of 11am - they even sent someone up at 10.55 to make sure we were going.We paid 89 euros a night for bb (for 2 people). We then met someone who recommended the Hotel Nieuwe Amsterdam - rates from 90-130 euros (I think). We went to check it out and it was much, much nicer - will be trying it on our next trip to Amsterdam.My opinion of the hotel winston is - if you're looking for a cheap place and you are basically going to use the room for drunken slumber, then it's ok. It's well situated (just off dam square) and the road is well-lit and - despite its proximity to the red light district - safe to walk down late at night. However, if you want to spend any time in your room at all (and when it's -2 in November, you do need to come in from the cold occasionally), go somewhere more user-friendly, who actually welcomes their guests rather than making them feel an inconvenience.2 places to definitely recommend though - the 5 flies restaurant - lousy name, best meal I've ever had (go for the chef's menu - 5 courses at 44鈧?- worth every penny) and boom chicago - a improv comedy club that is absolutely fantastic. They will also give you info on good places to go and do a great boat trip.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid it if you can!! Although I accept that people like going to Amsterdam for some fun and partying, and it tends to be noisy, what you encounter at the Hotel Winston is far too much. The place is extremelly noisy. We had three nights of terrible banging noise from the club and bar as well as the constant slaming of doors. The rooms are dirty and tatty. They have done little to keep them in good condition. The carpets are particularly filthy, as are the toilets and walls. In our room the plug socket was hanging of the wall.Certain members of the reception staff were rude and unhelpful. They made a mistake and gave away to someone else the specific room we had booked several months before. When we complained, they did nothing to repair their own acting and were rude.If you do not care about where you sleep and do not mind to stay in a dirty, decadent and depressing place, then go to the Hotel Winston.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ScubaSuzy
<Content>Good choice for young people   showReview(2607694, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(2594479, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic place!!   showReview(2521044, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VictoriaT
<Content>So so.....   showReview(1904962, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what do u come to amsterdam for??!!   showReview(1702307, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Winston Hotel   showReview(1538146, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun Hotel   showReview(1385895, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xtrapnel
<Content>Only for the alternative folk   showReview(815219, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give it a miss!   showReview(721278, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Something different...   showReview(610233, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Porcinis
<Content>Curiosa Experiencia.   showReview(18332210, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Extr锚mement d茅莽us   showReview(11301559, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JCrabb
<Content>Die guten Zeiten sind vorbei   showReview(7706715, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>richard64210
<Content>sale !   showReview(7671538, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	2	

<Author>MrAnonym
<Content>unhygienisch, schmutzig, unfreundlich - besser nicht   showReview(7551339, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Valido per chi non ci passa molto tempo...   showReview(11392764, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon h么tel pour le quartier   showReview(11376366, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht wirklich empfehlenswert   showReview(11353964, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es war f眉r den Preis mitten in Amsterdam ok. Nur das Fr眉hst眉ck war nix!   showReview(11353963, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>cet h么tel ne m茅rite pas 2 茅toiles   showReview(11353961, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KillDon
<Content>l'hotel n'est pas d茅sagr茅able mais faites tr猫s attention !   showReview(5612292, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

