<Author>Kwietburp
<Content>A good thing Hi People, When I visited Honolulu in August I revisited the H/Prince where I was upgraded to the 23rd floor. The rooms of Marina grade are almost Identical and all give a great view of the Ocean without exception. The good size king size bed is comfortable and the bathroom  is as good as it gets.  The front desk staff with their very dedicated Manager treats every body with the same courtesy and despite the habit I have of not booking a room on occasion I am suited with suitable accomodation without any problems. If you are looking for a Marina then walk across the road and you might find everything you like. All the best from NoelinOz  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vegasnewboy
<Content>Good Value Stayed at the Prince for a two night stopover on my way back from New York to Australia.If you are after a peaceful stay in a good practical location at a fair price then you will be hard pressed to beat this hotel. Some have criticised the location as being inconvenient but after seven days in Times Square I appreciated the location as not being in the heart of Waikiki. I found it offered the best of both worlds, the serenity and peace with views over the yachts and harbour (sunsets were to die for) while still being within walking distance to Waikiki. The 15minute walk along the beach past the Hilton Hawaiian Village and Lagoon was very relaxing and would bring you virtually into the centre of Waikiki. For those who didn't want to walk, a free hotel shuttle would ferry you to Waikiki and back.A five minute walk in the opposite direction would take you to the Ala Moana Shopping centre - a must do for shoppers.The other advantage of the location was that you will be one of the first to be dropped off if you were to take the Airport shuttle bus.The negatives of the hotel have been mentioned by other reviews. In summary the Prince Hotel is tired, well past its hey day and in serious need of a make over. Carpets, wall paper, furnishings, bathroom fixtures all need to be updated before it can be considered a first class hotel.The hotel has two towers, I can't remember the names of them but I stayed on the right tower (Ala Moana side). I'm not sure if the standard of the rooms in the left tower (Waikiki side) are the same but I hope it is. My observation was that the left tower were for the Japanese guests and the right tower for all others.The rooms were clean and comfortable, bathrooms great size, minifridge a bonus and the beds were fine. Without a doubt the highlight is the views. As long as you are not expecting luxury and opulence then I feel the Hawaiian Prince offers a good value alternative to the normal Waikiki offering.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>JAXTRVLR
<Content>Longtime Guest -- Somewhat Disappointed I wrote a raving review a few years ago, and it saddens me that I can't do it again. I have stayed at this property for long vacations (eleven nights) for the last five years. This past stay leaves me wondering if I'll return again next year. There have been so many reviews on this site talking about 1) the front desk service and 2) the very dated furniture. When I checked in, the front desk person went through the motions, but that's about all. After doing so much business with them, I got no acknowledgement. I was hoping for a nicely upgraded room, but the room wasn't even on as high floor as the year before. Then I get to the room. Same as before. Just changing out the furniture could go miles. The doors to the cabinets are warped and the finish is coming off. To top it off, they only leave water for check in -- not every day. They said they changed to policy in October. When you stay eleven days, you kind of feel cheated. I know that's just a minor point.Despite everything, the hotel still has a lot of positives. The location is great. The view is amazing. The bathrooms are spacious. The rooms are very clean. The Sunday brunch is really good. And the valet parking/bell staff are very nice and provide great service.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlekath
<Content>Just perfect, Heaven on Earth I shared the Prince Suite with a dear old friend, and it was fantastic. The staff is more than professional, they became friends quickly. Nice to come back to a hotel where folks call you by name with big open smiles each time. The Aveda amenities were a nice treat. The bed was very comfortable. Views are spectacular, all rooms face the ocean. I couldn't have felt more at home, peaceful, relaxed, safe and cared for. Will definitely return soon.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Baebi
<Content>7 days of pure bliss and comfort, back in Dec for 2 more nights if you like...- convenient location on the edge of waikiki- quiet rooms, no car noise, windows that open, quiet a/c- a very good breakfast buffet- staff that greets you with your name- view of the yacht harbor and ocean- to be close to a great park for walks or joggingthen stay at the Prince Waikiki.I am back in Dec again  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rbridges416
<Content>Great hotel, great people, less convenient location The Hawaii Prince Hotel in Honolulu is an incredibly comfortable and relaxing hotel with friendly staff and beautiful views. The only downside I could note is that it is not a convenient stay for those without a car, interested in Waikiki. However, they do have a shuttle around Waikiki for those hoofing it.I was here for a night with a friend from my ship, during a port call to Pearl on our way home. My friend picked the hotel, and i believe it was one of the only places that still had rooms available, which is the main reason we originally chose it. We had started the day in Waikiki, hitting up Duke's and the International Market, before trying to find this place to check in, and ended up getting lost trying to find it. Our fault for trying to do things on the fly, but i will say that i would not recommend trying to walk there from the heart of Waikiki. Even slightly inebriated we opted for the cab instead of that long of a walk once we finally found someone who knew where it was.Check in was very smooth. We were first greeted and given a hot towel by friendly front desk attendants, and had everything taken care of nicely.Our room was nice and cozy, with two beds, a desk, some comfortable chairs and an entertainment center. They also provided two small bottles of water in a mini-fridge (no mini-bar though). The beds were very comfortable, a very welcome change from our racks on the ship. The bathroom was large, with a large tub and separate shower.As I mentioned, it was pretty far from Waikiki, which was disappointing for me, but was close to a few great restaurants, the mall and the marina. I would definitely stay here again, but will consider renting a car if i do.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bombalurina
<Content>Great stay!       The view from our room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>nawahine21
<Content>Hawaii Prince - Relaxing, Elegant, Convenient This is the second time staying at the Hawaii Prince Hotel and the third time staying on a Prince Hotel property (I also stayed at the Prince Hotel in Makena, Maui a few years back) I live in Hawaii, but on the island of Kauai. Their kama'aina rate is a little more than most hotels that locals stay at but it is still a good deal for room/car. This hotel has a beautiful lobby area and the rooms are very elegant. Each time I stayed here, the room has a beautiful view of the marina and you can even see the sun set. The rooms are spacious and comfortably fit more than 2 people. It is very quiet. I noticed a lot of Asian tourists stay here. The bathroom is lovely. There is a separate toilet room, a shower and also a tub. I saw the photos posted here by other travelers and they are very accurate. The parking situation is convenient because they have a free valet service so no need to find parking on your own. The valets are also very friendly and super fast. The location is within walking distance to Ala Moana, Hawaii's largest mall and right on the outskirts of Waikiki, so no need to bother with that Waikiki traffic. Also right around the corner is Red Lobster, Outback Steak House and Starbucks. Also there is a local coffee shop about a block down that seems to be very popular. I would love to stay here anytime again and they even have a Prince Preferred program if you stay at their locations you can get rewards towards future stays.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>littlebuddy313
<Content>Great for Honeymoon!       View from our room!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>castle_alumni
<Content>Great place to stay!       Million Dollar View  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>5670
<Content>A good experience Just returned from a 6 day stay at the Hawaii Prince. It was our second visit to the Prince in two years. We made a value oriented decision. Our previous hotel had been the Kahala Mandarin鈥攚hich we absolutely loved. However, now that we require two rooms (a second room for our 16 year old daughter and her friend), we can book two rooms at the Prince for the price of one room at the Kahala. We really miss the Kahala, but I found certain things about the Prince to look forward to. For many years we had stayed away from the Waikiki strip, but since the Prince provides a very convenient shuttle bus (running until 10 PM), we discovered that we really enjoyed it! Especially the new Beachwalk. I frequently walked around the new lagoon at the neighboring Hilton Hawaiian Village to browse the little village of shops. The teenagers loved the easy walk to Ala Moana Shopping Center. It was great for runs to the food court. And the sunsets viewed from the room were spectacular.So the furniture still looks a little chewed up. However, the beds seem to have been replaced in the last year. My husband loved the mattress so much he took note of the make and mode for future purchase. On the whole, it was a very comfortable experience at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GeorgeFarris
<Content>Excellent Service Amidst Casual Elegance The Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki marks the gateway to legendary Waikiki. Upon entering the lobby one is impressed by it's muted elegance and 鈥?the quiet! It is very relaxing and far less frenetic than many of the Waikiki properties. The front desk staff demonstrate a true aloha spirit and welcome each guest who registers with a hot oshibori towel. No question is considered trivial and they genuinely seem happy to help. The hotel which is a thoughtfully designed which gives each room or suite a remarkable ocean view, which includes the picturesque Ala Wai Marina. I might add the bathrooms are huge! If you want actual sand under your feet Ala Moana Beach Park is on one side of the hotel and the Rainbow Lagoon's not far away on the Diamond Head side. The rooms provide an excellent vantage point for the Friday evening fireworks. My son commented that he had never felt as close to fireworks before, and I must concur. The hotel has a shuttle bus that makes all of Waikiki quite accessible. If one is a first timer and relying on tours a car isn't necessary as the tour companies come to collect you, and the biggest shopping and dining complex in the Pacific 鈥?the Ala Moana Center is just a few steps away, as are numerous restaurants just around the corner. Ala Moana adds the adjective 'class' to the mall concept. You can find almost anything from Louis Vuitton steamer trunks to Macadamia nuts and everything in-between! A hint if you wish a bit a Hawaiiana to take away with you the flagship retail store of Reyn's, home of the primo Reyn Spooner庐 aloha wear. The muted colors and reverse prints set a local fashion standard. The fabrics wear like iron and you will be distinguished from the pack of tourists. The Prince has its own golf course on the Ewa Plain designed by Arnold Palmer and Ed Seay, a unique course with 27 holes, has very affordable green fees for its guests.If you require a rental car the hotel maintains an excellent valet service, and The Bus is an excellent mass transit system on which you can access most parts of the island is easily available.The Hawaii Prince restaurants have a reputation for having, or perhaps training, some of the best chefs in Hawaii, however, the buffets and restaurants prices are rather steep. Still their sushi is to die for! And, the view from the Prince Court adds an unforgettable dimension to the dining experience, especially at lunch, or early evening.For what is a luxurious experience it can be surprisingly affordable, particularly when you get a glimpse of what the factory tourist hotels charge. Our stay at the Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki was a pleasant and memorable surprise.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Belynne
<Content>Love the Hawaii Prince! My husband and I have stayed at this hotel many times over the past 10 years and have nothing but positive things to say about it. It's location is at the quiet end of Waikiki, perfect for us, away from the crowds but with easy access to beaches or shopping. Not a resort hotel, but very elegant and understated. The staff is always warm and welcoming, and go out of their way to accomodate their guests. The rooms are standard but spacious, comfortable, and spotlessly clean, and the bathrooms are very nice as well. No lanais, but there are large floor to ceiling windows providing wonderful oceanfront marina views. In reference to the previous post, I have never so much as seen a single insect in any of the rooms we've stayed in at the Prince. We look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DebH2007
<Content>Still Creeps me out I would highly recommend AVOIDING this hotel. I still shudder at the memory. My husband and I stayed here 5 years ago and every time I sat on the bedspread, I got bug bites (some kind of invisible mite). It was annoying, but I didn't realize the implications - what was really annoying was when we got home and they spread from the suitcase to our house. After about a year (I am not kidding), many bills from Orkin, tons of vacuuming and other deep cleaning they were gone. I realize bugs can happen with any hotel, but this one had them! They are nice people and the price is very good. The distance to things is worse than other places. I would try another hotel. Due to the bug issue, you could not PAY me to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>bi17
<Content>Elegant and different I stayed here in June for one week and I have to say that this property differs from the usual crowded waikiki-kitsch-hotels. The Lobby has an elegant but relaxed ambience, the staff is helpful and friendly, the location is perfect. Special thanks to Margaret, it is always nice to see her at breakfast everytime we are there. The rooms are dated, yes, but absolutely clean, the views are simply wonderful, housekeeping is attentive.In sum one of the best hotels in the islands with a very good value for the money.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HungryDave
<Content>Nice location near the shops I ended up here on a great rate from Priceline ($143), and this hotel was perfect for what we needed, which was a dayroom. I felt the pool was a bit small to cover the two towers full of people. It was a bit crowded. The rooms were fine, nothing special, and no balconies. Decent amenities, free bottles of water, and nice bedding. The staff were VERY accommodating and professional. You can walk to the shops from here, and also eat at some great restaurants (be sure to check out the Pineapple Room, in Macy's).  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JaneFlannigan
<Content>Best hotel in in Oahu We had a fantastic holiday in the Hawaiian Prince last month.The staff were very helpful and friendly and I would like to give a special mention to Brenda who made our stay very special for my husband 50th birthday (upgraded us to a beautiful room with a fantastic view) . Also a special mention to Linda who worked in the pool area and was always helpful and attentive.If we every come back we will definitely stay in the Hawaiian Prince hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lodging
<Content>Bad, far, unfriendly, smelly, spoiled food and noisy Maybe we got unlucky and got the wrong food, wrong staff and wrong room. Japanese speaking people were partying all night long. Would pr obablynot reccommend to family or friends, could I stay there again ? Probably not..  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	3	1	2	

<Author>lknight26
<Content>What a great hotel and deal!!!!!!       Another wonderful view  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>John_Oregon
<Content>Nice hotel but no free internet I stayed at this hotel the week of May 4th, 2008. Generally I agree with the other reviews here. The hotel is quite nice, the location is central but not on the beach, the staff was courteous and the parking was good (but cost $15/day). There are a few of negatives worth noting:- There is no free internet access. They charge you ~$10/day for wired access. Come on people get with the program and offer free wireless access!- It's a bit noisy from all the nearby traffic. There was a continuous stream of traffic passing the front of the hotel. Much of it was buses and 'trolley' buses. You want to open you hotel window to enjoy the view but the racket made it much less appealing. With the window closed it wasn't a problem.- The furnishings are showing considerable wear. They are/were nice furnishings, but they could stand to be updated or replaced. For example wall paper in the halls was tattered and patched in places. The TVs were also older models.Having paid $130/night using Priceline I'm quite pleased with what I got and would stay there again.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>MTBeeZ
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Hawaii Prince Hotel on our honeymoon. The view was lovely, overlooking the harbor and allowing us to watch the sunset, when we didn't get down to the beach in time. The room was extremely comfortable and the marble bathroom was lovely. The staff treated us very well, even going out of their way to make us happy. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElleSheri
<Content>Beautiful View This is simply a wonderful hotel. Not located right in the heart of Waikiki however, but there is a free shuttle service that brings you there.. It is near the beach Ala Moana which in my opinion is better than Waikiki since its not as congested. The shopping mall is also within walking distance... Great location..My room was ok... very large, furniture was slightly oldish... but the bathroom was extremely massive!! I absolutely love it.. I signed up as Prince member (for free) and was therefore given acess to free local calls and room upgrade overlooking the marina and sea.. The view was nothing short of spectacular!!! Breathtaking infact... rainbows were in abundant... it made me fall in love with Hawaii in no time :)If I had once complain, it would be the Front desk staff. Being all female, they did give me some slightly [-] vibes.. But all's forgotten when you see the magnificient view... just excellent.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>captainmcd
<Content>Nice Place We stayed here one night making plane connections. The hotel was great, the location was in front of the Ali Wai yacht basin, not on Waikiki Beach, which was a little farther south. It was easy to walk to a number of restaurants if you didn't want to stay in the hotel. The hotel has a Japanese flavor, as do many places nearby. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and we had a great view of the harbor.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>The_TravelerUSA101
<Content>A Solid Choice in Waikiki My wife and I recently stayed at the Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki after staying at the Four Seasons on Maui and the Mauna Lani Resort on Big Island. After those two fine hotels, the Hawaii Prince had a high standard to live up to. Overall, I felt the Hawaii Prince was a solid hotel and I鈥檇 strongly consider staying their again. The hotel has a business feel to it, but it is fine for families. I would not recommend it for honeymooners (probably not romantic enough). The hotel had a great location for us. It is situated on the cusp of Waikiki in a relatively quiet area, but close to the action. We liked the fact we could walk or take a short cab ride to the party/restaurant/shopping areas and yet retire to a calm surrounding. A word of caution, while generally safe, the Waikiki area seemed to have some street crime. Honolulu is a fairly large city and you should stay alert while visiting. It did not seem as safe as Maui or Big Island and you should treat it like you would any urban area. The hotel staff was generally professional and courteous. Unlike some other reviewers, we felt the staff treated us well even though we were not Japanese. The pool area was nice and the gym was adequate for a hotel work-out area. There were two relatively minor negatives about our stay at the Hawaii Prince. On the Saturday night during our stay the hotel hosted a few parties and we were able to hear them in our room very late at night. One of the parties seemed to congregate in the pool area and the noise traveled up to the rooms. Notwithstanding, we were on a high floor and the noise level was tolerable. The rooms on the lower floors may have felt differently. Therefore, I would try to get a room above the 15th floor. In fairness to the hotel, we only heard noise on that one night. Secondly, the concierge only works from 7:30am to 4:00pm. We checked in at 4:30pm on the day we arrived and wanted to discuss our sightseeing ideas with someone, only to find out that no one was available. My wife and I enjoyed our stay at the Hawaii Prince and we foremost liked the location. We also liked the relatively economical price (around $250 per night). I would rate this hotel to be a solid 4-Star property. If you are looking for a romantic 5-Star hotel or want to be in the middle of the action in Waikiki, I would consider some place else (the Westin Outrigger looked great). If you want a solid value, clean room and professional staff, the Hawaii Prince would be an excellent choice.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>GoodTravelers
<Content>Nice, especially if you can get a good $ deal Although some other TripAdvisor reviews considered it a negative that the Hawaii Prince is away from the central Waikiki beach area, I had my eye on the Hawaii Prince Waikiki specifically *because* of its more secluded location. We didn't want the hassle of loud partiers, 3am drunks and traffic that other reviewers note at so many of the Waikiki Beach hotels.But I agonized over whether it would be worth the $195/night rate, (the lowest I could find anywhere) because other reviewers noted that the Hawaii Prince is a little worn and dated. My Priceline bid of $132/night was accepted, making it the highest level hotel available for the money. We were very pleased with our three-night stay there.The hotel lobby was spacious and welcoming, with plenty of seating. The front desk staff was friendly, attentive and efficient at processing our check-in, accommodating our request for a king size bed. It was a lovely touch to be greeted with warm towels to freshen up as we checked in. Our room on the 19th floor was spacious and tidy, and although some of the furniture was, indeed, dated and worn, there was certainly nothing offensive. (That might have bugged me if we'd paid $195/night.) It had a small fridge in which we kept bottled water and breakfast items.The bed was softer than we like, but that's just a personal preference. They provided Neutrogena products and ample fluffy towels and bathmats, as well as terry robes and slippers to use. Bathroom was huge -- the shower stall was separate from the tub, and the toilet was enclosed by a door.Unlike other reviewers who felt that the hotel caters mostly to Japanese tourists, and may treat non-Japanese with less attention, we found the staff to be exceedingly courteous, friendly, knowledgable and helpful -- from the front desk, to the housekeepers to the shuttle driver who brings guests to the main Waikiki Beach area. The concierge (Naomi) was exceptionally helpful and friendly giving us daily directions for using TheBus to get to various attractions. A few times we interrupted her as she had other projects spread on her desk, yet she welcomed us with an easy smile and personal attention. As we passed him in the lobby, the night manager greeted us warmly with a smile and handshake, asking How are you enjoying your stay? The shuttle driver, noticing only an hour had passed between his dropping us off and picking us up, suggested other interesting places to visit. (Chinatown, Iolani Palace, The Capitol Building). He was quite engaging, articulate and well-informed about the area. The Business Office manager was accommodating in printing out our boarding passes, and engaged in pleasant chitchat.The pool and pool area are spacious, well maintained and comfortable, and there's a nice warm whirlpool, too. There was no towel service, although we used the pool very early morning only.Yes, it's obvious this isn't a brand new hotel. But it is well maintained and in good repair. No, the staff isn't obsequious, but they are professional, friendly and eager to help all their guests have a pleasant stay. We didn't feel the Hawaii Prince Waikiki was too far away from the action at the beach. It was an easy walk and we used the free shuttle, too. There was a Starbucks across the street, as well as a couple of excellent Thai restaurants within two blocks. And we liked being near Ala Moana Beach Park, a lovely but less crowded beach, and a great place for my morning jog.We'd stay here again, and if you can get a great Priceline deal, as we did, we'd recommend you GO FOR IT!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>amanda25
<Content>Superb hotel This is a really great hotel - superb location and amazing views from our hotel bedroom. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge!! Super king-size bed which was extremely comfortable. Food in the restaurant was of the highest standard with a wide range of choices. All of the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and there was a free hotel shutle service down to the main beach area. The hotel looks out over the marina but the beach is only a five minute walk and the hotel provides beach towels. The hotel is just a short walk from a large shopping mall. I can highly recommend this hotel - you wont be disappointed!!!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>parksie
<Content>we were invisable We had no problems with the room. The view was ok but doesn't overllook the beach. It overlooks the harbor and the street below. The pool and spa are old and need to be renovated. Our complaint was that because we aren't Japanese, we were invisable. The staff looked right through us all weekend. We stayed in this hotel because we were booked thru a travel agent after being on a cruise ship that embarked and disembarked from Honolulu. I would certainly NOT stay at this hotel, and if it weren't for the cruise, I would NOT stay on Oahu at all. It is too commercialized and doesn't even feel like you are in Hawaii. The best islands are Maui and Kawaii, they have more of the island feel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>trucker64
<Content>Great! We enjoyed our stay. Found front desk staff to be very friendly. We booked through Priceline at $138 a night and had a room on the 23rd floor. Very clean, loved the opening windows. Staff has been very helpful after our stay looking for a lost item. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hoteljunkies
<Content>Nice views, but more business-like rather than resort-like       View from the Ala Moana suite 20th floor  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Littlegelfling32
<Content>Wonderful stay My husband and I stayed at the Prince for 9 nights during our honeymoon and have no complaints.We got a great deal on the Ala Moana suite (with rental car, $100 dining credit and daily breakfast buffet included) for $320/night.Upon arrival, a bellhop loaded our luggage onto a card without hesitation and the woman at the front desk was friendly and accomodating. When we got the the room, we were greated by a personalized card, champagne, chocolates, and an assortment macadamia nut cookies, dried pineapples, mango, and pistachios.We ordered room service that night, and several others during our stay, and always found the food delicious and employees friendly.The room itself was huge with two bathrooms (one was massive) and seperate coffee and bar areas. The walls showed some wear and tear.The bed was comfy, but if you want a super soft mattress, look elsewhere. Their's are more on the firm side. (A plus for me)The in room safe is large and free.Windows are floor to ceiling and open from the waist up. No need for a lanai, your whole room becomes one when you open the window! I think we slept with them open every night.. it was lovely.The daily breakfast buffet was fantastic with a huge range of food to choose from. The hostess even remembered us each morning and inquired as to how our daily activities were.We ate at Hakone restaurant with our $100 food credit and were quite pleased. We failed to use the full $100 for the meal, so the hotel credited our room service bill with the remainder.Our room was cleaned every single day and housekeeping was very friendly. On two occasions we needed to get something from the room after housekeeping had already started cleaning and I was pleased with the security of it. We had to swipe our keycard to make sure we really stayed in the room.The in-room Internet did not work for the length of our visit. A minor inconvenience that was made up when the hotel allowed us free, unlimited use of the lobby's wifi.The pool area was nice, though the pool is only 3 ft deep all around. Service was great; the waitress was seen frequently making the rounds to guests at the pool and served us with snacks and drinks.We really enjoyed the shuttle service, especially our last few days as we got tired of walking! The bus comes every 30 minutes from noon to 10pm and it's free!The hotel is about a 20 minute walk to Waikiki Beach, but Ala Moana beach park and Magic Island are right next door. Plan on walking about 8-10 minute for those.The sundries/giftshop in the hotel had great selection and one of the clerks, Kenny, was one of the nicest people we met during our trip!Whenever we had any questions or requests, we were treated kindly. I noticed several reveiws that claimed the hotel only caters to Japanese. It's a Japanese hotel, but from my experience and what I witnessed of others, they treat all guests the same!We were terribly sad to leave the hotel and Waikiki and will consider the Prince on a future visit!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LiliC_TwinCities
<Content>Great location, gorgeous views, not so great service       View of the sunset from our 27th floor room.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>havanesemom
<Content>Perfection After traveling for years, we finally visited Hawaii with our first stop in Oahu. We couldn't have asked for a better beginning than we had at the Prince Hawaii. We joined the hotel's club before we booked (it's free) and because of that, we got a special rate. On top of that, when we arrived the end of September it was slower so they upgraded us to the 27th floor. It was glorious.We loved the location--right across from the yatch club and a park. We had ocean views from every floor-to-ceiling window (which opened). We spent 3 weeks in Hawaii (Oahu, Maui, and Kaui) and the Prince Hawaii was our best experience of all.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beckwah
<Content>Serene and spacious I had a short business trip to Honolulu in January and was able to turn it into a 5 day trip with my husband. The first trip to Hawaii for both of us. My office booked the hotel, but we were not disappointed.As advertised, every room has an ocean view, which was fabulous! The room was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was huge with marble-like tile, and separate shower and tub. We opened the windows at least once a day to enjoy the ocean breezes.The location was good for us, as we are not party people and enjoyed the quiet away from the heart of Waikiki. That said, Waikiki is just a quick bus or 20 min. walk from the hotel. The hotel has a shuttle but we found The Bus to be more convenient in terms of availability and timing. We also walked to the Ala Moana mall area one evening. If you want a short stroll to the crash on the beach every day, this is not your best choice, but it's a great luxurious home base for exploring the island.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Yung4fr
<Content>Great views, large clean rooms My husband and I stayed at the Hawaii Prince two separate stays in February; once before Maui on the 7th floor and once after Maui on the 20th floor, both in the Diamond Head Tower.As noted by others the hotel public areas and rooms are kept very clean. The hotel is a bit away from the heart of Waikiki, but it does provide a free shuttle to Waikiki from 12:30 to 10PM at 30 minutes interval. We never took the shuttle since we just walked; example: we walked the beach walk to Duke's (location of which is close to center of Waikiki actions) in about 20 minutes. We were going at a pretty good pace, not strolling. Be aware that the beachwalk is not continuous so you will have to walk on the sand for small distances. Beach in front of Hilton Hawaiian Village or Ala Moana Beach are both about 10 minutes walk (different direction). Ala Moana Shopping Center is about 5 minutes walk.Rooms are large by Waikiki standard, but they do not have a balcony. All hotel rooms face the ocean -- we had awesome views and took great pictures from the open windows. (The air conditioning shuts off when you open the window, so keep your windows closed if you like air conditioning.) Look at the hotel website and take a virtual tour of the oceanfront top room -- it is a good representation of the room. The beds were comfortable; at least the 2 beds we were in since we had 2 rooms. Views were good from both lower and higher floors; higher was better, but the view (of the Marina) was good even at 7th floor. I would imagine sunsets out the window would be awesome, but we were never at the room at sunset.The bathroom is large with a separate shower stall, a full size bath tub, and a separate area for the toilet. Only thing I found funny was the faucet, it does not turn in the same direction as we are used to -- may be it is a Japanese faucet? French mill soap and Neutrogena toiletries. The hotel staff (valets, bell persons, pool attendants, maids, front desks, etc) were nice -- some friendlier than others and would strike up conversations, but all were very pleasant. You get a spa coupon at check in for discount off spa services, you also get a discount for shopping at Macy's.We like the hotel and will stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jm0979
<Content>Nice location, great view! One thing I like about this hotel is that it is close to the big mall- Ala Moana Shopping Center. It is very convenient and to good part is it is away from Waikiki Hotels (busy location), so no wacky and noisy tourists and locals at night. The hotel and rooms are clean and the view is fantastic. We were lucky to have a great view- ocean view. I also like that they have a fitness rooms that is open 24/7. The staff were friendly and easy to talk too. My only complain is that when we ate at their breakfast buffet, they were only supposed to charged us $14.50 (2x) but when I got the bill it was $42 bucks...so watch out for that...but all in all, I would give this hotel 4 stars and would come back and recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>liloldlady
<Content>One of the best ever This is one of the best hotels we have experienced! Very clean, friendly, quiet, with exceptional breakfast and dinner buffets...It is close to the Ala Moana shopping center and within walking distance to Waikiki - which I'll skip from now on. This was our 14th trip to the Islands, but we had not been back to Waikiki for 12 years. We were on an Elderhostel trip, and the staff were very patient and accomodating. Jackie  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>epikure75
<Content>Excellent customer service and lovely hotel This is a out of the choatic Waikiki beach area hotel (but within walking distance) that is super clean (white bedspreads that are laundered often and super clean shower glass for instance), doles out superb customer service and is very accomodating to your needs. If you are not happy with something, just ask! And the free infant stroller amenity was a godsend! Reasonable parking fees ($15 self park) too. This hotel is perfect if you don't plan to spend all your time at the Waikiki beach area and want to explore the rest of the island.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JLInternational
<Content>Aloha Mornings This is our third time to Honolulu.We booked our rooms over the internet and they offered resonable rates. We enjoyed our stay in the Hawaii Prince and found the hotel offered great value with expectional services. We have a party of seven sharing 3 rooms staying over Christmas. The hotel placed us in three adjacent rooms and did their utmost to accomodate all of our special needs. Hotel staff is very courteous and polite, often adrressed the guests as Mr. or Mrs..... They all seemed to have a photographic memory. A sign of good training and exceptional hotel management. Good size bed rooms and large bathrooms. The beddings are firm to extra firm and is typical of all asian and european hotels. I find them very comfortable. The bedroom offered a separate area for a shower and another closet for a toilet. We hired a Cadillac Excursion Extended cab which was large enough to carry the enitre family from the airport. Fare was 35 including tipping. Several car rental agencies were only a block away and we managed to rent a minivan from Alamo for $100/day during Christmas while most rental locations offered $1000 a week. The hotel does not have an open lounge area but there is is a bar next door with live music. Outback and Red Loster is also located in the same block. Sometimes, without a lounge is a blessing.I picked this hotel as all rooms are facing the ocean. We have a great view of yarcht club and the Ala Moana public beach facing the ocaen. The temperature is moderate enough to afford the option of leaving the windows open at night sleeping with the nature breeze and the ocassional sound of the ocean. We were greeted by a beautiful rainbow over the skyline in the mornings. We always enjoyed a morning or an evening walk along the water front to relex.We have breakfast buffets at the hotel for $21 per person. We also have dinner at the hotel with their sepecial buffet for $42 per person. Good quality and great selections. Some of us choose to order from the menu, and the food is also of top quality.Ala Moana Mall is within the walking distance, but going to the Waikiki beach would be a longer walk. However buses are in front of the hotel and there is a trolley stop at the hotel. I always find renting a vehicle provides great flexibility and using the valet service for the 21 a day make it so much more convinent particually with a large family.On this trip we discovered a great restaurant. Roy's at Waikiki Kai, about 7 mile away from Waikiki and is superb in service and quaility. Price is rather resonable as well. Food menus ranges form the $20-50. Roys's offered a unique fusion menus with some local fish selections which is a delight for visiting Hawaii. We also dicovered the Legend Seafood, a chinese restaurant with loactions in the Chinatown and as well as the Waikiki Trade Center very delicious. They have a very nice local cod fish we visited that evening that I forgot how to prounnce.One main purpose of our trip to let our children to take surfing lessions. One can pre-arrange or let the tour desk at the hotel making all the arrangements. They picked up our children at the appointed time and both of them enjoyed their lessions. Both asked to return. Surfing lessions is about $ 80 for semi-private for 2 hours and $150 for a private lessions. We also tried snorkling at the Hanauma Bay. The strong wave and wind that morning did not result in seeing any fish. With the parking challanges, it would be easier to let the tour compaines pick you up.We did the Cultural Center tour for the third time, just as enjoyable. We also went to see the Cirque Hawaii, great talents.We visited the Waikeke Premium outlet and got some bargains. And we wraped up our vacation by going to the flea market on Saturday at the Aloha Stadium , opens at 9 and finishes at 2. One can buy souvenirs for friends and relaitves at much cheaper prices than the international market. One can make all of our friends and relatives feel remembered without breaking the bank. Our stay at the Hawaii Prince is 5 nights. The hotel made us feel welcomed. With the use of the vehicle and the GPS, we tended to see more and enjoyed a lot more . With some home work and advices from the hotel staff, our stay have been memorable, praticularly with the entire family posting in front of a Waikiki sunset. Now we are back to the great white north palnning for our next advanture.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BelvedereVirginia
<Content>Hawaii Price 鈥?Great Place for the weary Traveler. I spent about 9 days over the Christmas Holiday, because my relatives had booked me a room at this property while visiting Honolulu.Like other reviews I had read, all rooms face the Ocean and at night you have a wonderful sunset view. They have two restaurants located on the 3rd floor. Surrounding the property you will find Outback Steakhouse, Red Lobster and the Charthouse restaurants a few steps away from the Hotel. Across the street is a McDonalds, Starbucks, Subway and ABC store. Hotel Clients: They have all sorts of clients that visit this property, but they do cater to its Asian market.Staff: Most of the folks at the Front desk and Valet are friendly, but you will run into the occasional rude employee who just don鈥檛 care who you are. I was downstairs working on my laptop when this, gentlemen walked over and asked if I was a Hotel Guest, and asked to show my Hotel Room Key. I asked him, why he singled me out from the other guest and he said they have had some issues with homeless people and others using hotel facilities? I thought that was odd, since I was neatly dressed and working on my laptop, while having a Latte? He later apologized when I walked over to the Front Desk and asked for a Manager. PC Access: The hotel claims they have Free WiFi available in the lobby. However, when you search for an open WiFi source, the Hawaii Prince WiFi port is secured. However, they do provide WiFi and Direct Connect for a fee. A weeks, connection will cost you about $45.00 or $11.00 per day.Parking: Valet parking will cost you $22.00 per day. I did not look into self parking, because every weekend they have massive weddings at this property and if they have a wedding you won鈥檛 be able to self park your car.Golf: They have a Golf Course located about 45 minutes away from the Hotel. It has 3 Nine Hole Courses, which are challenging at best. Hotel guest have preferred Tee Times and a reduce rate to play.If I ever go back to the islands, not sure I will have my relatives book me at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	4	1	

<Author>EdmontonFritz
<Content>Great view and very close to Hawaii's largest mall       View from room  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>sredheada
<Content>Nice stay We got this hotel on priceline for $175. It was a nice hotel. There are no balconies but floor to ceiling windows that could be opened. This hotel is quite a way from Waikiki but it was quiet that way. Thehotel is right in front of the Ali Wai Yacht harbor and we enjoyed watching the boats come in and out of the harbor. There is a shuttle to Waikiki. There are several restaurants near by. There are so many Japanese at this hotel. I had a hard time finding a restaurant menu inEnglish. I beleive we could have been the only Americans there as all I saw were Japanese. The elevators were very smokie as many Japanese still smoke. All staff were very nice. The cleaing ladies were especially nice. The front desk refused to let us purchase or give us late check out but did store our luggage for us and let us freshen up in their fitness center for our late flight. All the rooms have Ocean/Harbor views. That is one nice thing about this hotel. It doesntmatter where they put you. You are guaranteed a nice view. The bathroom in our room was huge with a separate shower and bathtub. I prefer to stay in Waikiki but this hotel was nice.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bugsy56
<Content>Lovely Views - Felt as tho I was in Japan! The Prince Hotel was very welcoming and helpful. It was quiet, which was what we were looking for as we were very tired when we arrived. There were many, many Japanese visitors while we were there.....certainly felt 'in the minority', especially in the restaurants...very little English being spoken around us. However, the Japanese were very gracious and smiled. The Prince not on the beach but is on major transportation lines to get to Waikiki. A shopping mall was within walking distance, as were fast food places. The views of the harbour and boats was lovely. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jkahui
<Content>No Aloha Spirit here!! This hotel is an unfortunate case of decent property, great views, but crummy service. We live on the island and stayed here one night while we had a function nearby and we did not feel welcomed. We had to wait for the desk clerks to finish their conversation before we were able to check in, we felt as though we were interrupting them. The greatest feature of the room was the view. The room was in decent condition but the carpet was pretty stained. Throughout our thankfully brief stay, we encountered several other staff members and all seemed to be indifferent to our existence. Maybe it is taken for granted that Kamaaina's (locals) don't expect the same service. News Flash!! We do!! Would I stay here again? I would tolerate it if there were no other options, but I would never stay here again by choice.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>MaryInVancouver
<Content>Away from the crowds... This hotel is in a quiet location and all the rooms have great views. It was nice to get away from the crowds in central Waikiki. The hotel has a free shuttle or it is about 30 min walk.5 min. walk to Ala Moana shopping center and The Bus is one block away. I would stay here if you don't want traffic and street noise and wanted a four star hotel.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Mauikane
<Content>Enjoyable Stay From booking reservations to final drive-away, our stay was pleasant. Rooms were clean and reasonable in size. Staff at all levels was very courteous and welcoming. Morning breakfast buffet was extensive and good. Good in/out road access to Honolulu and Waikiki. Only negative was some party people down the hall on a Friday night, but they quieted down by midnight. Hotel needs to get into modern ages by offering complimentary high speed internet and printing instead of charging a fee.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ontheplane
<Content>Clean rooms with a Great view The best thing about this hotel is that all rooms face the ocean. The windows are completely viewable from floor to ceiling. We often set up blankets on the floor by the window and just watched the surfers and ocean. The room itself is clean. The gym is quite small as well as the pool. The lobby is small but nice. We had the breakfast buffett one day and it was good, fresh, and service was nice but it is pricey...i think over $25. Most of our meals were from outback steakhouse next door. There is also some fast food and convenient stores just across the street. The Ala Moana Mall is within walking distance but can get tiring if you've got a handful of goods. We were able to view the fireworks display (by the Hilton hotel) from our room. We took the hotel shuttle to waikiki which only took about 10minutes. We also walked to waikiki a couple times...about 20 minutes.All in all, the Hawaii Prince is a good hotel with great views of the ocean.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JD17
<Content>Enjoyable Stay in Waikiki We have just returned from our family vacation to Hawaii and stayed at the Hawaii Prince hotel for one night just after we flew in to Honolulu. The hotel itself is kept very clean and has spectacular views of the marina and Waikiki. We were greeted with a warm towel upon check-in which was a nice touch. The hotel itself is not beachfront, which was fine with us as we were just staying there for the one night. It is a short walk from a few restaurants and a quick drive to shopping and nightlife. The pool, while small for such a large hotel, was nicely located on the 5th floor over looking the marina and between the two towers which was a nice change for hotel pools. The service was very nice, and everyone had greeted us with a smile. I was not too impressed with the rooms, they were a bit basic and dated. The lobby area was kept very nice however. I personally was also not impressed with downtown Waikiki as it does seem to be a bit dated, and dirty in some areas, but overall, this was one of the nicer hotels in Waikiki and I am very happy to have stayed there.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ozgirl73
<Content>Great place to stay!       sunset from outside the hotel  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>keaulana
<Content>Excellent Service!! I stayed at the hotel for the wedding of one of my best freinds.From the time I arrived I was treated courteously by all - the valet, bell staff and the front desk staff. Upon making the reservation I had requested an early check in and late check out due to the wedding preparations and wedding itself. I also requested staying next to other guests who attended the wedding. Even with the multiple requests, and numerous phone calls to finalize all the details, the hotel came through with flying colors. The day of check in we had lunch at the Prince Court restaurant. The food choices and service were outstanding. The food would appeal to locals and visitors alike. (My room preference was non smoking, but I opted to stay on a floor that was designated as smoking to be near the others attending the wedding. I could barely tell that the room was on a smoking floor.) My room was ready early and in excellent condition. The beds were very comfortable with enough bedding. The bathroom is very large with a separate shower, bathtub and toilet areas. The sink area is spacious so you aren't clashing with anyone else that may be getting ready while you brush your teeth.I was able to obtain a late check out, and the bell staff held my luggage until I was ready to depart the hotel without a problem. All the staff members were freindly and attended to my requests with a smile. My freind who was getting married stayed in one of the 2 bedroom suites. If you can afford this luxury, it is really the way to go. The suite is laid out well with a beautiful view of the ocean. There was enough room in the suite to accomodate all the goings on that occur with a fairly large wedding party. The service that was provided as part of the wedding was also excellent. The catering staff was outstanding and if we needed anything all we had to do was ask a hotel employee. Even if wasn't their department responsibility they quickly got in touch with someone to assist with what was needed.Overall the Hawaii Prince hotel was outstanding. I have stayed here before many years ago and again I was pleased with my stay. I've also stayed at its sister property the Hapuna Beach Prince Hotel - and while the Hawaii Prince Hotel is not as secluded as its sister resort the service is just as excellent. If you want a true five star hotel at a great price this would be it!! I would recommend this property to people traveling with or without children as it is near the beach and other attractions that are family freindly. There is also lots to do for those who are traveling without children.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pakalana
<Content>Magnificent Ocean Views If you don't require pampering and prefer to find your way on your own, this hotel is a perfect and practical base. Stayed here for several weeks in July and August. Location is excellent for getting right to downtown Honolulu for meetings (or to visit Iolani Palace, the State Capitol, etc.) or eastward to Kahala, Hanauma Bay, etc. You avoid the congestion of driving through Waikiki, are across Ala Moana shopping center where you have many restaurant choices (e.g., Longhi's, Mariposa at Neiman Marcus, the Pineapple Room at Macy's, Morton's) and places for a quick bite. It is also an easy walk/run to Ala Moana Beach Park and you will see many runners/walkers from five-thirty in the morning at Magic Island.All rooms have views of the water (marina, Ala Moana, early morning surfers) from floor to ceiling windows (no balconies so you are spared late night noise), and depending on your room, can have excellent views of the Friday night fireworks over the Hilton Lagoon.Rooms are basic (even in a one-bedroom suite) --- bedding needs updating, sheets can be rough albeit freshly laundered, furnishings sufficient if unimpressive. Complimentary bottles of water are provided daily in the room refrigerator which is kept empty to allow for personal provisions. Had the WSJ  local paper delivered to room. Separate bathtub and shower, towels are fluffy and soft, toiletries (Neutrogena or Aveda), spacious for hotel category.Restaurant service is excellent; waitstaff knew your name and beverage preferences after the first or second day; their breakfast and dinner buffets were reasonable and offered up island fruit, great fish and seafood, and a tasty strudel. Valet service is courteous and excellent (but valet parking is now $21/day from the $17 earlier this year). Have returned to this hotel many times (when the price was the most competitive or not but look for packages (once got a room, convertible, parking and breakfast for two daily for what I have paid for just a hotel room here) because of the convenient location, ocean view rooms and overall friendly and courteous service.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>aussiegirl77
<Content>Great views! We stayed at the Honolulu prince for 6 nights in August 2007. My partner was travelling for business and so we didn't pick this hotel - it was booked for us.We arrived after having spent a couple of nights at a budget hotel (the Waikiki Prince - a very good, but very budget hotel) so it was great to get into a nice big room, with fantastic views of the harbour, quiet air-conditioning, complimentary water, a huge bathroom, and I think the best king sized bed I have ever slept on! However, there are a few drawbacks in my opinion. It is a 30min walk to the action (Waikiki), it is very focussed on the Asian market (not really surprising - Prince is a Japanese chain) and the pool was disappointing (only about waist deep at its deepest point).So - if you are the sort of person who would spend a lot of time in your room or shopping (it is a short walk from the biggest mall on the island), I'd highly recommend this hotel - I thought the room was great. However, if you want to be closer to the action (bars, places to eat, the surf beach) then I'd go for something a little closer to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Laobhise
<Content>Very good in parts We stayed in this hotel for one week and found it excellent for practically everything. The checkin was smooth and the staff were very plesant and efficient. Our room was beautiful and a good size and the views were amazing. The pool was lovely and practically empty most days we were there. We had buffet breakfast in the hotel which was very tasty. Our only negative was with the concierge staff who didnt seem to have a clue and werent very helpful but apart from that we had an excellent stay. We did find the area a bit dirty however as stated in a previous review and there was a lot of litter in the water in front of the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JavaJive
<Content>Love everything! Overall is great, service, amenities and also location near Ala Moana and most important thing the famous beach of Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AUKTourist
<Content>Great Service A great budget hotel in Hawaii. Opposite the Ala Moana Park and beach and an easy walk to the largest outdoor mall. The mall is amazing from the everyday stores ot the high end and very high end ones.The Hotel is geared to buisness travellers from the Far East so the service is exceptional, the rooms are very clean if a little dated. Pool area is very small and can be quite noisy when unescorted kids decide to be rude. But that was a rarity, great places to eat nearby. The Hotel run a shuttle bus to Waikiki it is the best, almost like your own private shuttle to and from the beach. Starts at 12:30 and runs until 10:00 pm.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>oficemgr
<Content>Won't go back I researched on my own the different hotels on Waikiki before booking with our travel agent. With all of the pictures and information I read online (not knowing about tripadvisor before hand), I thought how could we go wrong? I won't go back. They cater to the asian community (which is great, IF YOU'RE ASIAN). There is a definite difference in how people are treated (shouldn't be that way in a tourist setting). Our room was in need of a huge makeover. Nasty carpet. Moldy type of smell. We opened the window (which was very nice to have) just to get the smell out. We had a wonderful view (all oceanfront) that I enjoyed every morning with my coffee. However, when you go outside to walk the beach area and you pass the yacht harbor, you will be disgusted at how trashy the waters are inside the harbor. Trash, debris, etc. You would never guess there are expensive yachts parked in this area that needed a daily cleaning. I must say though, I took some beautiful pictures from our room. We could see the surfer dudes actually surfing to the right of our hotel (thank God we remembered binoculars). The sunset on the yacht harbor was beautiful. It was a convenient walk to the mall. Not too far from the beach area. Great bus system. Our stay the following year at the Hilton Hawaiian Village was much more to brag about!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Terrikeith1030
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite during the summer of 2000 - the hotel was beautiful. Our suite had views of the marina below - where Gilligans Island was filmed. The floor to ceiling windows and large living room made it hard to actually leave the suite. The mater bedroom was large and had a lovely bathroom and the guest room off the entrance also hosted its own bathroom. The rooftop pool was a wonderful place to relax and enjoy the georgeous views of Oahu! We enjoyed staying here very much and if we are ever to return, we would stay again!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WashingtonApple
<Content>Great customer service We look forward to returning to the Hawaii Prince. Pros: Excellent customer service (especially doormen), great oceanfront view (floor to ceiling view), great restaurants at hotel. Walking distance to shopping and restaurants. Our room had a large bathroom--with a shower and bathtub--luxury! Refrigerator in room. Air conditioning worked well.Cons: Need to take shuttle to go to downtown Waikiki (though the hotel provides a free shuttle that runs every half hour most days). A bit chilly to use the outdoor pool on the 5th floor. Advice from Concierge regarding buses was not correct--fortunately the bus driver directed us to the correct bus before it was too late.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZillahMelbourne
<Content>Fantastic Experience We went as family of six people and the hotel staff accomodated all our needs. The rooms were clean, plenty of room, very polite and helpful staff. We enjoyed many afternoons at the pool and the staff ,especially Daniel made it even more special we even taught Daniel how to make a gin and tonic Australian style. This is a great location as it is near ala moana shopping centre which was great for shopping and eating at reasonable prices. It also is out of the hustle and bustle of Waikki strip and only a 15minute walk to Waikki. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there next time we all loved it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minuit999
<Content>Great hotel at a great price I booked the Prince through Priceline and got a very affordable price for my 4 night stay in Oahu. We got a great room on the 7th floor with a view of the pool and Marina.The hotel is not located on Waikiki beach-but rather on the Marina - about a 10-15 min walk, or 5 minute drive to the beach. It's located close to the Ala Moana shopping center and a few restaurants like Outback and Tony Roma's.I really enjoyed my stay-we were greeted by very friendly staff who were also helpful in planning our activities for the week.The rooms were clean and sufficiently spacious.Parking is $15 for self park, or $21 for valet; there's also an all day shuttle that goes to the mall and the Waikiki beach area for those who need it. Shuttle runs every half hour starting at 10am.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jonnyboy1973
<Content>Amazing views       View from our room  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mimilives
<Content>Great Convenient Location, away from Crowded Kalakaua Ave. Stayed: July 9th to July 11thGuests: 5Rooms: 714 and 720Pros: Convenient Location, Friendly Staff, Nice RoomsCons: Expensive Parking, Slow Front Desk, Limited in-Hotel restaurantsThis hotel is in a very convenient location, near the Ala Moana shopping center, Convention center  at the entrance to Waikiki. The hotel provides a FREE shuttle into Waikiki from 12:30 pm to 10:00 pm, making three stops in the heart of Waikiki. The bell desk and valet staff were very friendly and helpful, yet professional. The rooms are nicely decorated and clean, but are showing signs of wear  tear.Like any hotel in Waikiki, nightly parking is quite expensive. For valet parking, we paid $21 a night, ouch! Check In at the front desk was a little slow on Monday July 9th, but other than that, service staff was first rate all the way. Restaurants in the hotel are limted to the Prince Court Restaurant (Pacific Rim) and Hakone Restaurant (Japanese). However, around the corner, there is a Chart House Steak  Seafood restaurant, overlooking the Yacht Harbor. A Outback Steakhouse and Red Lobster Restaurant, fronting Ala Moana Blvd. At the nearby Ala Moana Shopping Center, there's a Morton's Steakhouse, Longhi's (Seafood/Italian), Assagio's (Italian), Bubba Gump's, CPK, Pineapple Room (Macy's), Mariposa (Neiman Marcus), Island's, Romano Macaronni Grill and tons of fast casual eateries in the food court.SGS 071207  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>ihatepacking
<Content>By the MALL! I loved my stay here. The rooms weren't fancy but seemed very very clean which is my number one requirement in a room. The view of the marina and beach was stunning. It's 5 mins away from Ala Moana which was awesome because it was a cheap and yummy way to have lunch every day, i.e., food fair. It's a 10-15 mins walk to Waikiki which is totally doable but sometimes I wished I just walked outside my hotel and it was right there. They do have a shuttle that takes their guests to some key locations during the afternoon. Also, the Ala Moana beach next door was great for some quiet relaxing time. The hotel pool was nice and not crowded. We only ate once at the hotel, it was some buffet dinner, and I will have to say the food was very good until I got sick 15 mins into dinner. I think it was either the raw oysters or raw fish I ate..so maybe stay away from those types of food. The front desk and concierge were really nice. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>adogartnoe
<Content>Great hotel for location I always stay here when I want to see my uncle. He works at the Harbor Pub, so this location is ideal. The staff, room, and location is good.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>PrincessSF
<Content>Honeymooners We stayed at the Prince in May 2007. We loved the location - away from the crowds of Waikiki beach and walking distance to restaurants, shops and the Ala Moana Beach Park. We loved the view of the marina and ocean. We also got a 2-category free upgrade at check-in putting us on the 20th floor. Overall we loved the Prince and would stay there again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>Mblaca
<Content>Very nice hotel I went to Honolulu on business and stayed at the Hawaii Prince. My room was spacious, clean comfortable and had a terrific view of the marina and ocean. The hotel pool was uncrowded. Plenty of towels, chairs, etc. The restaurant was very nice for breakfast - that's all I had there. The location is terrific - very accessible to downtown Honolulu, Ala Moana Mall and Waikiki.If I went on leisure, I might stay elsewhere, but this is hotel provides a nice mix.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sfuji1
<Content>Time to renovate! I have stayed here several times over the past 10 years and have to admit that it's time to update this place. This used to be a 4-5 star, but I would now rate it as a 3 star. Seems nothing has been upgraded, right down the same old bedspread. Furniture very worn as well as the carpet. According to a Japanese Tourist there, apparently this entire Prince (Hawaii) chain is up for sale because the company's president was arrested for tax evasion. Seems that would explain the lack of renovation. Room was not clean to my liking, and the American Breakfast Buffet was horrible, but the Japanese Breakfast Buffet good. I don't think I'll stay here again anytime soon, however good hotels are increasingly hard to find within the Waikiki area. Hotel pictures are very old and were probably posted when the hotel opened years ago. Harbor view is nice and that's about it.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>nwf
<Content>I did return Hawaii Prince Hotel . I stayed at the Prince for 3 days on the return trip home from Maui where I had an average stay at the Sheraton. I shall be brief in this summary,. The front desk is 1st class and the very congenial Manager who is as sharp as a razor keeps it that way.Hi Regan!! The room on the 31st floor was spacious enough with perfect bath and shower facilities.If you want a lanai-no luck.  From every room you can see the ocean without any problems.. The main restaurant is not good value as far as quantity is concerned unless you are on a diet. There are a multitude of good restaurants within 10 mins walk Also,the food and coffee available at the shop inside the hotel is pricey and is very good quality. The Expedia Girl Sandy can arrange tours such as the Island circle tour which is very well organised with D.H.Tours and if you choose to go on a weekend trip you may meet up withRoland the driver who gives you a very safe and expertly controlled trip. Roland can talk to you on almost anything and with the History of Hawaii he could be a teacher. I was asked on arrival for $50 resort fees which was refunded in full when I was leaving as I had not used any of the extras  which were available.The bottled water is free which should be a lesson to the competition elsewhere.  The trip to the Golf Club is a mini tour on it's own and is in a  great piece of Estate. There you have it people-From NWF/OZ  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SpottedCat
<Content>A bit overrated Our stay at this hotel was okay, but I think the hotel is a bit overrated on the Internet. Our room was incredibly small and the view of the yacht harbor was decent but not spectacular. We ate breakfast at the hotel and while expensive, our server was very friendly and attentive. He was actually one of our nicest servers we had in Oahu. I think you could probably get more bang for your buck at one of the other area hotels.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iravros
<Content>Works for me! I read the complaints about this hotel and I have no idea what they are talking about. It does not feel especially Hawaiian- no open lobby, etc, but it is very nice, the service is well above average and my bathroom was exceptionally nice. They have a shuttle to Waikiki and the park, just a short walk west, has a very nice beach. Unless you like a big Japanese buffet, forget the restaurants. I have spent about 300 nights on the road in the past 5 years, and I rate this well above average. Especially liked the way the windows open wide to let the breeze in! I think my rate of $159 was a corporate rate - I was there on business. But I have paid more than that for a Courtyard by Marriott in Pennsylvania! Would gladly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>boricua4eva53
<Content>It was Great       Jacuzzi  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>islandwebfoot
<Content>Outstanding service! I frequently travel to Honolulu for business, and have stayed at many of Waikiki's hotels, but this was my first stay at the Hawaii Prince. I am pleased to say that I will likely return because of the way I was treated by every staff member I encountered. It is so refreshing to ask for something and hear the staff reply it is my pleasure, sir and actually mean it.The hotel is located away from the Waikiki hub of activity, which could be considered a pro or con, depending upon one's needs. Personally, I enjoyed the quiet location, and the hotel does provide a complimentary shuttle to Waikiki and surrounding environs.Also, the hotel is not beachfront, but the Ala Moana beach park is only a few minutes walk from the hotel. This beach-front park is used by the locals, and it is far less crowded than Waikiki.Views of the ocean and marina from the rooms are unbelievable, but the hotel was built without the customary balconies, or lanai as they are known in the islands.. On the plus side, the windows do open to allow the fresh island breeze to flow through your room--an unusual bonus in a highrise hotel.I will likely stay here again, and I heartily recommend this hotel to prospective travelers, business and leisure. As stated in other posts, the furniture is somewhat dated and worn, although well maintained, but rooms are large and very comfortable. Discount rates abound on the web for this hotel, so do shop around.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LadyElle
<Content>Jan2007 stay at Hawaii Prince A nice hotel, not quite in the middle of Waikiki but within walking distance. Not really a beach front property, but near enough to Waikiki Beaches and Ala Moana Beach Park for those who want to swim or tan.Our room was spotless with a huge bathroom. We did have a nice view of the boat harbor too. I would have loved a balcony but none available...at least we didn't have one on the lower floors. Ask for a higher floor if possible, the view must be terrific.Several eating places on property with good reviews but a bit pricey. Not a problem though since there are quite a few places just outside the hotel.Waikiki Prince is one of the better hotels in Waikiki.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>msquare
<Content>Best Value Without Compromising Service and Quality The Hawaii Prince Hotel is the best bang for your buck in Oahu.-We got lucky and booked this hotel through Priceline for an excellent price. There were lesser hotels available at 50% more the price than the Hawaii Prince.-Location: This hotel is at the end of Waikiki which if there were any disadvantages, I would say this is it. However, the hotel makes up for this in so many ways.-It's about a 10 minute walk to the nearest beach, which is not that bad considering you get to enjoy the weather.-The hotel offers a wonderful shuttle service to the center of the city for shopping and dining, as well as to access some of the more popular beach areas. We used this everyday and found it to be punctual and very convenient. The drivers were all very friendly as well and able to offer us great times for good restaurants. (For an affordable but good Hawaiian plate lunch, go to LL).-All rooms at this hotel have sea views. This is a big plus in my opinion. (Tip: On Fridays, one of the neighboring hotels has a fireworks show which is perfectly visible from the Prince hotel. We had an unobstructed view from our room.)-There is a great pool area which we used several times.-The room itself is large. We had a king bed and couch. The bathroom was quite spacious with a separate toilet and bath area. We especially liked that you can open the windows in the room to let that great Hawaiian air come into the room.-But our favorite part of the stay is the wonderful Hawaiian hospitality that the staff had offered us. There are so many examples to mention, but I'll post just one. On a day when we were headed to Haunauma, it was drizzling a bit in the morning (which you'll see several times in Oahu). As we were driving away from the hotel, the concierge ran after us, waving for us to stop. He gave us some extra towels and an umbrella just in case we needed it.Overall, I would rate this a 4.5 out of 5 stars.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SpaScout
<Content>Fantastic Service This is a great hotel. The location is a bit far to walk to waikiki, but is great if you dont want the noise and crowds on top of you. We arrived and asked for an upgrade, which we were given at a very reasonable price. We ended up in a two room suite which was so fantastic I never wanted to leave the hotel! The furnishings are old but well maintained and the bathrooms and amenities are absolutely luxurious!The staff at this hotel were accomodating in every way. They obviously dont like to say no and instead will work for you to find a solution. We couldnt get a late check out but they held our bags and our rental car ALL DAY for no charge at all. We used the last day to take their shuttle into Waikiki and shop and see a show. They even offered to let us shower and change before our redeye flight!I would return to this place in a heartbeat. The view is gorgeous even with the marina right in front. I dont think marinas are particularly pretty but just look past it and WOW!!They made me feel like queen for a day! for four days!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frederick1
<Content>Top of the line !! Can't say enough good about it. We have just returned from a Hawaiian cruise and before sailing stayed on Waikiki at this hotel and it was SUPER ! In many ways it made us wish that instead of leaving on the cruise ship, we could spend all our time here. Everything was spotell, staff extremely friendly and helpful. Rooms were large and the ocean view is great. What impressed us was all the extra little touches that they provided. It was our anniversary and when we arrived there was a note with our names printed on the dresser welcoming us, two champaign glasses and a box of assorted cookies, nuts, candy and dried fruit. A few minutes later, a bellman brought us a large bottle of champaign. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and occasionally have received welcome gifts, but never to this extent. The food in the hotel restaurant was excellent and the central location is great. The mall is just. about 2 blocks away asd are many places to eat and drink. The final plus was that I was able to get the room at a better rate that most other hotels in the area. I was told that the hotel is rated #3 out of 85 hotels.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>webejammin
<Content>Great place to stay I think YIPPEE did a great job telling you about this hotel. I can't add too much other than to say I'd stay there again and I'd reccommend it to anyone.There is a quaint restaurant/bar on the corner on the marina side that had some really good burgers and the atmosphere was fun. Can't remember the name - sorry.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IESHORTIE
<Content>Quiet Hotel After reading the reviews of others who stayed here, I was angst-ridden about my stay here ,but I always make the best of any situation. I was delighted at first arrival to be received with the offering of a warm towel to freshen up with. Since we just arrived from the Aloha tower as we had finished up with the NCL's 7 day cruise, the hotel was more than accomodating in allowing a 5-6 hour early check in. The room was clean and our room had a little patio and 2 chairs to enjoy the sea breeze. Our room faced the harbor and it was wonderful looking out and seeing the beautiful flowers surrounding our little patio.I loved having a separate bath and shower. Although our room was non-smoking at times smoke from the vent would sneak into our room. We did eat breakfast on the final day at the cafe we paid about $23 for the buffet breakfast- which was mediocre.You can tell the hotel definately caters to the majority of Japanese guests. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Yippeeyiyo
<Content>Great bathrooms + Great views here! I love a great bathroom at hotels! This one actually has a separate toilet, separate shower and separate bathtub in the bathroom! Oh...and the handbasin too!The view isn't from the bathroom, however, all the rooms face onto the Marina below. There are no balconies, however the rooms have large glass sliding windows to allow a lovely sea breeze if you prefer not to have the a/c on.The hotel is not right in the heart of Waikiki, however only a 10-15 min. picturesque walk will take you right into the hub of various restaurants, cafes, bars, shopping (both low end and high end stores), markets and the famous Waikiki Beach. The hotel also offers a free and frequent shuttle into Waikiki which takes only a few minutes.I have not eaten at the restaurants at this hotel, only for the reason that I personally like to get out and about to eat. The restaurants do offer a beautiful view over the Marina though.Diagonally opposite the hotel you will find the ABC Store (mini-mart and liquor + souvenirs) if you wish to take anything back to the room. There are some fast food outlets and restaurants there also (Discovery Bay Mall).In the past year, I have stayed at this hotel 5 times and highly recommend it to fellow travellers. Warm and friendly staff at the front desk...coupled with a cool fresh towel to greet you upon check-in. Porters and concierge are always smiling and eager to please.There are 2 tour desks in the foyer, one being an Expedia desk and consultant which is quite new.If you love shopping...you must check out the Ala Moana Shopping Mall which is about a 7 min walk from the hotel, in the opp. direction of Waikiki downtown. It truely does have everything for everyone!Another 10 mins further up the Boulevard you will find more shopping and a movie theatre complex + more.The hotel has pretty much all the ammenties of other hotels of this standard, with a lovely clean swimming pool area...once again, overlooking the Marina.My last stay (end Jan 2007), I actually looked out into the ocean from my room and saw whales frollicking just off shore!View...Priceless!ALOHA!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>2ofusdownunder
<Content>Hawaii Prince could do so much better We stayed at the Hawaii Prince during December and I would have to entirely agree with comments from Tokyo Trip Adviser member. I found the staff to be complacent, not unfriendly but simply answered questions without offering any additional helpful advice or suggestions. On one occasion I had to wait until the desk staff had finished discussing their personal lives with each other until they were ready to speak to me. But it was surprising to be treated more responsively when we checked out earlier than our booked departure date. Front door staff were more interested in talking to each other rather than providing assistance to guests. Shuttle service every 30 minutes was good if you didn't have a car to drive into Waikiki. Our room (on a high level) was very plain with very tired furniture. The size of the room was larger than normal with a good sized bathroom. The room was very clean for first couple of days and then showed signs of lack of interest, I imagine because the room was being occupied by the same guests. I would have to say that the condition of the room was disappointing. Complimentary water, and coffee, were not replaced a number of days but was brought up promptly when reported. Restaurant prices at this hotel are too expensive. Also, it is worth reporting that my daughter had a hamburger from room service on Christmas eve and we spent Christmas Day in our room because of food poisoning. Not what you would expect from a 4-star hotel.Each traveller has their own opinion of each hotel - likes and dislikes - and it is understood that what suits one person will sometimes not suit another. However, the only positive feature of the Hawaii Prince is the location which provides spectacular ocean views that can be enjoyed from a large open window (no balcony). This is a very quiet hotel in a very convenient location. Being able to sleep soundly at night is a very attractive feature of any hotel. Although located outside the perimeter of the hectic Waikiki activity it is still very accessible to Waikiki. Overlooking a yacht anchorage provides a tranquil setting. I do think the web site glamourises this hotel somewhat. The Hawaii Prince could do so much better based on its superb location.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pearlujam2
<Content>Loved the Prince!!! My husband and I stayed at the Prince to start our xmas holiday. I arrived very sick with food poisoning and everyone was nice and gracious the entire time. Check in was a breeze, the staff was always helpful. Our room was amazingly clean and so was the bathroom which is the thing that is the MOST important to me. The bathroom really was large and with a seperate shower stall, seperate toilet area and seperate decently sized tub. We had fresh robes which were great especially since the airlines lost my luggage for 24 hours!! If you want to be in the buzz of the waikiki strip, this is not the place for you. The prince is quiet and off the beaten path although still in waikiki - the hotel offers a very convenient shuttle to all the action that runs about every 15 minutes or so. I highly recommend this hotel in terms of quietness, efficiency and cleanliness.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kovanen
<Content>Mediocre Service, Excellent Location MediocreThe location of this hotel is right in the Ali Wai/Waikiki Yacht Harbor. This means interesting sights with boats coming and going and every room with an unobstructed view.The rooms feature windows which open wide鈥攁 truly refreshing experience. Glass elevators are enjoyable to ride.Unfortunately the hotel suffers from an overpowering musty mildew smell in the halls and guest rooms. It鈥檚 overpowering initially, but you get used to it each time you return back home. This may be from the close proximity to the ocean, but it is nevertheless unappealing.The hotel staff is unresponsive. When given the opportunity to please a guest they are indifferent. One day the maid simply didn鈥檛 make up the room. Telling the front desk resulted in their simply saying 鈥淥h, OK, I will let them know tomorrow.鈥?It did not result in the room getting cleaned. Some days water glasses would be missing, others the shampoo would be forgotten. With no fewer than five smartly dressed doormen standing in front of the main entrance you would expect one of them to see guests coming and to open the door, but none ever did鈥hey were too busy keeping each other company to notice any guests.The internet access ($10.95/day) is fast and zippy, but it cuts you off well before the supposed noon deadline. Informing staff that the clock was 鈥渇ast鈥?and was prematurely cutting people off resulted in a blank stare.The hotel restaurants range from pricy to overpriced by Waikiki standards.On mildly windy days the glass elevators are closed down. As these are the ONLY elevators that service guests, it means that you get to ride in the one service staff elevator. Expect long delays鈥specially when one of the staff props the door open on some arbitrary floor for their own convenience.This could be a fine hotel. The building is attractive. The location is wonderful (close to the mall and at one end of Waikiki beach.) But the indifferent management and staff combined with an utter lack of attention to details makes this a mediocre choice. For the same money you can find much better. It鈥檚 a shame, this could be a really good choice.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	2	3	1	4	

<Author>suzyoftrio
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Service My husband, son and I stayed at the Hawaii Prince in two separate rooms late December 2006 (over Christmas). It's a lovely place, appearance-wise. The service was excellent, rooms beautifully cleaned daily. The things you should know about it are that it's a little off the beaten (Waikiki) path, though it is possible to walk to the heart of Waikiki (with good shoes and strong legs) and the hotel has a very convenient free shuttle that runs on the half hour to get you there. Also, there are no lanai's (balconys), but the windows are huge and open onto a neat view of a sailboat-filled marina and ocean beyond as well as beautiful Ala Moana Park. We didn't miss a lanai, nor did we miss being in the middle of Waikiki noise and craziness. This hotel is also within easy walking distance of the very nice Ala Moana mall, which you certainly can't get to walking from Waikiki center. Nice outdoor pool, small fitness center, business center with internet capability, which is also available in the room for an extra fee. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kame12
<Content>Great Place!       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ObriWan
<Content>Great service, nice hotl       View from hotel room over Ala Moana  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>punktux
<Content>You pay for a pier view basically Location is good if you like shopping. There鈥檚 a shopping center nearby, around 20 mins walk. But hey, you don鈥檛 come to Hawaii to shop, do you? Ya, you need to take their shuttle bus to get to Waikiki main streets or a decent area of Waikiki beach. Last bus is at 10pm, you will have to walk your legs off back to hotel if you want to enjoy Waikiki night life a little later. Standard room is pricy, you basically just pay for ocean view. Mostly the things you immediately see are pier and bunch of boats. Huge bathroom, clean carpet, quiet and comfortable bed. Staff there are ok-friendly, they refused to upgrade our room for free after I told them me and my wife were on honeymoon. The Japanese restaurant inside the hotel is ridiculously expensive. Most ocean front restaurants are half of their price. Anyways, this hotel is definitely not my choice if I ever go to Oahu again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Houstonian34
<Content>Do not stay here! For our honeymoon, my wife and I found great properties in Hawaii for our two week stay. This was for our last two nights in Hawaii before we returned home so we could see Pearl Harbor and drive around Oahu. I booked at the Hawaii Prince based on reviews found here, but I can't understand how the reviews are so high. I would not stay here again and would never recommend this hotel.We first got to the hotel and the service was friendly, but it looks like a hotel from 1974 Tokyo. Very bland decor and quite dated. I booked a room for the Ala Moana suite for two nights and when we got in we were overwhelmed with a musty mildew smell. Their remedy was to bring in an ionic purifier! This didn't do the trick at all. My wife called again for a better solution. The hotel didn't have any more of our type of suite, but they did upgrade us to a better suite. This is the only reason why the hotel didn't get a TERRIBLE rating from me.The other Prince hotels on the islands may be just fine, but go to a Hyatt or Hilton if in Honolulu. They might not be the best, but at least you know what to expect.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>DaveK3
<Content>Great hotel - but not for everybody We had a great stay at the Hawaii Prince during Thanksgiving week. We booked directly with the hotel for their romance package - a full suite, convertible rental car, full breakfast buffet, bottle of champagne and chocolates on arrival and a $100 dinner credit in the restaurants - all for only $299/night.The Ala Moana suites are on the far end (next to the canal) but still have views of the ocean across the yacht harbor and Alsa Moana beach park. Very comfortable king bed room and a full size living room with a table and 4 chairs should you want to eat via room service. There are also two large daybeds which could make the suite suitable for 4. There were also two full baths (one shower only, one with tub) so my wife and I had no need to bump into each other. There is no beach, although the Ala Moana beach park is less than a 5 minute walk. There's also no bar/lounge. But there is a very comfortable lobby. If you need a beach or a bar then this might not be for you. Otherwise it's great.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Patience78
<Content>Loved the Hotel Wonderful hotel!!! Very nice, accomadating staff! You will not be disappointed! This hotel is especially nice for couples.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pointscollector
<Content>Brilliant hotel       View towards the mountains from the lift area  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>rstalk
<Content>Nice view While needing a room for one night in Honolulu we decided on the Hawaii Prince. Both my wife and I are fairly seasoned traveler's, but don't necessarily need five star. The Hawaii Prince is a nice location for the convention area, shopping or the Marina, but would not recommend for beach access to Wikiki. It is just a little too far of distance for walking and parking by the beach is horrible. My other complaint is while views and service are very good, the hotel could be anywhere with no great Hawaii feeling.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dorsettraveler
<Content>fantastic service during earthquake i cannot praise this hotel enough! ok, it may be very dated now, but so are most of the sea side hotels around the world, unless your in Dubai, it is time now for a complete overhall, our room was very large, clean, and beautifully appointed, we were only on the 6th ffoor, THANK GOD!!!!!! because we were there last sunday when the 6.7 earthquake struck the big island of Hawaii, the staff wereamazing and the hotel provided us , within minuites of the quake, with fresh iced water, juices, cakes , lunch of cold meats, salad, potato cips, fresh sliced fruit all set up on put up tableclothed, draped tables, dinner was similer but with extra items, the loby was roped off to form orderley lines,the hotel gererator was excelent and provided enough light along with candels in jars on the tables, it lookes and was very romantic in a serial kind of way. All the staffwere fantastic, the free mini bus into town was still running as normal, the hotel tour arranger re schedualed our island tour for us even though she had nothing to do with the booking, so many things were provied in a professioal, un hurried way and always with a smile and a nod, thankyou, hawaii prince we will return  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bigpenny34
<Content>A favorite I've stayed at The Prince several times over the past 3 years and it's the perfect hotel if you want to stay out of the Waikiki mess and still be in a good location. Rooms are good size and comfortable with a wonderful view of the harbor, park, and ocean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. This is a hotel, not a resort so book the Hilton down the road if you want resort amenities.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lwill555
<Content>Spend a bit more and stay right on the beach. I can't believe all the rave reviews of this hotel! It is rated 4-star, but I have no idea why. I would never come here again, and I would never recommend it to anyone. In fact, I wrote hotwire and complained that if they say I am getting a 4-star hotel, I expect much more. If you want a cheap stay in Hawaii, then yes, it's probably a good place to stay....but I regret that my on my first trip all the way from the east coast to paradise that I did not spend more money and stay right on the ocean in a more beautiful hotel. Very disappointing.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Quickfoot
<Content>Great Hotel at the edge of Waikiki We stayed 5 nights at the Hawaii Prince Hotel at the end of September and had a great time.Pro's: - Very friendly and helpful staff- Clean, spacious rooms with ocean front views- 5 min walking to Alamoana Shopping Center and Alamoana Beach park.- 5-10min walk to numerous restaurants that cater to budget-mid range prices.- Relatively quick and easy access to freeways.Con's:- Away from Waikiki's main strip and center- No immediate beach access- No balcony for rooms- Must pay for parking- Breakfast buffet not included in room price (may not alway be the case).Bottom line:If you don't mind being removed from the activity, noise, and crowds of Waikiki, this is an excellent hotel to stay in. If you don't rent a car, be prepared to walk/taxi to destinations. Personally, I didn't mind the walk to Alamoana Beach Park (which is Public) as it was far less crowded than Waikiki (but gets packed on the weekends with locals). I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ChrissieK
<Content>Wished I could have stayed longer! We stayed at the Hawaii Prince for one night in April 2006 on our way to another island. The staff were lovely and we were really pleased with our room. They even gave our young son a goodie bag in spite of the fact that we were leaving the next morning. We booked this hotel from the reviews on this site and we weren't disappointed! We had a room service dinner and breakfast and both meals were delicious. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gnome2Travel
<Content>Management/Staff provided Excellent Service! We stayed here for five days. There was a slight problem with one of our 2 rooms but the manager was more than accomodating. He immediately took care of the problem. The staff was very polite and provided great service. A clogged drain was immediately taken care of. We loved the windows that opened to the harbor and ocean views. This is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parkersf81
<Content>Gorgeous Rooms We secured the Hawaii Prince hotel on Priceline for $125 a night in prime season. We wanted a 4 star near Waikiki Beach. At first we were nervous about the hotel being on the edge of Waikiki overlooking the Marina. After check-in all our doubts were floated away. The rooms are spacious, but the bathrooms ahhh the bathrooms were gorgeous. Big tub, with seperate large walk in shower. Another huge draw was the giant windows you could slide open up all the way (while other hotels usually keep you from opening them up too much). Warm Breezes day and night. It was a short and very pleasant walk to Waikiki beach area. If you see this hotel at a steal get it. It is worth it.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dakine94110
<Content>Ditto Other Reviews Ditto everything the Berkley review said; short hours (business center open 8am-4:30PM so I didn't even have time to use the computer/printer to check in with my airline as I arrived at 5PM and departed the next morning at 7AM); everything costs! Parking, in-room internet, a bottle of water, local phone calls. It all ads up quickly; Restaurants were a huge dissapointment, not the level or class I had hoped for when booking this supposedly 4 star hotel; rooms are quiet and bug free, I suppose that's the only Plus this place has over most Waikiki hotels.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	3	2	1	

<Author>funinthesun0
<Content>Welcome Surprise!       View outside (far left towers)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>awdang_99
<Content>Very Nice Hotel       View from room  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>berkeleydude
<Content>Good, but not really 4* level service We came to this hotel with high expectations, having received absolutely fabulous service at a Prince Hotel within Japan. We had emailed the hotel in advance letting them know our requirements and that we would be arriving a bit early. Unfortunately, no rooms were available for early checkin and so we had to drive around town for a while.The service was what you would get in any 3* hotel on an average day, but nothing memorable. The bellboy did not offer to take our bags, and the staff was not proactive about anything. The concierge desk hours were ridiculously short (they close at 4pm!) and their complementary shuttle to Waikiki beach only starts up after noon. (Remember, the sun sets in Hawaii early) and ends by 10pm (when the nightlife is just getting started). When we asked the front desk about laundromats nearby, they directed us to ones that were closed. Thankfully, we found one that was open on our own.Everything costs extra (except the free water bottles) and the Internet access is only till noon of the next day, not a true 24 hours. The view out your window is great, but other than that, this is really a 3* place claiming to be a 4*. As a 3*, I would have given this an excellent rating. They should really train their staff on the level of service to provide and live up to their Prince Hotel reputation.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>wheresdabeach
<Content>Great View, Service, Price. Okay Room       View from our room  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kahunabill
<Content>too many room changes Clean hotel, but we had to change rooms 3 times. First room was a handicapped room with wet carpets and odor. Second room had tobacco smoke coming in from the bathroom vents from other floors, and the last room was when we decided to check out.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Durango4x4
<Content>Very affordable - Service is outstanding! My wife, three kids (8yr.,6yr.,15mths), and I stayed here from July 13 - 19th. I had a business convention and it was just a short walk to the convention center from here.They really do know customer service very well at this hotel. We bid $175.00 on priceline.com and Hawaii Prince was the hotel selected. I learned this was pretty common in other reviews, so I hope this helps someone else in the future.Our room was clean, well appointed, and pretty much what you would expect from a nicer hotel. We requested a crib for our 15 month old and received it at not extra charge.If you have kids, make sure that if you eat at any of the hotel restaurants, that you have your kids be part of the kids club for eating. Up to 2 kids eat for free with the parents. This really saved us a lot of money since my 6 and 8 year olds could eat for free while my wife kept the little guy up in the room. With a breakfast buffett at $20.00 each this added up pretty quickly. Thank You Hawaii Prince for offerring this.The kids loved the pool. It was only about 3 ft. deep and fit their age just fine. People with teenagers or wanting excitment may be disappointed.All in all I thought Hawaii Prince did an outstanding job with our stay. If you want excitement, night life, and hub bub, stay in the heart of Waikiki. If you want great service, good view, and good value, Hawaii Prince was well worth the money.Also, other reviews had noted about the large amount of Asian customers at the hotel. I would agree that there are very many of them, but I never felt slighted or mistreated. We just did out own thing and let other people do theirs no matter what nationality. Maybe they know the majority of the clientelle and try to be responsive to them. We did walk around the Hilton Hawaii and it was beautiful, but for double the price, I would just visit and not stay there.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MaiaJanus
<Content>Loved the Hawaii Prince! stay: 6/2006Excellent customer serverice, from the people checking us in to the maids. Our original room had two double bed, but after requesting a King size bed, in a few mins we got a new room as requested. Rooms were very clean, and view was great. Convient location, not too close to waikiki to be super noisy. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Traveler9876
<Content>Good, Lacking Hawaiian Style Hawaii Prince Hotel is in a great location; walking distance to Waikiki and central downtown Honolulu. They keep rooms nice and clean. The rooms are a slight bit small but still reasonable. However, I felt Hawaii Prince was lacking some things: Hawaiian hospitality (leis), and lanais (balconies). One thing that you can't really get out of in Hawaii is the price of food. Luckily, their restaurant has a great view of sunsets.My stay at the Prince was not bad but not outstanding. (My reasons for that above.) If you don't mind missing out on some key elements of Hawaii, stay here.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sangitamenon
<Content>Great place with a marina view       View from 29th floor overlooking the marina  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ballyhooter
<Content>Very Pleased!       Prince Hotel from the Hilton Lagoon  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fjlcisco21
<Content>Great Service, Great Location!! We definetly hit a home run on this one!! My wife and I stayed at the Hawaii Prince Hotel for our honeymoon June 11-17. When we 1st checked in, we were booked in a 6th floor diamond head tower double bed room (Priceline). But after I asked them to see if it was possible to change into a King size room they were able to find me a room on the 26th floor of the Ala Moana tower, bit spaceous and newer too.....No extra charge, no hesitation on their part. Excellent service, we had a rental car so we had to pay $14 to park in their garage, but they also provided the guests with a shuttle that runs until 10pm. They run every 30 minutes and picks up at Niketown, Duty Free shops, International Marketplace and Waikiki Beach. This was very helpful because we would not move our vehicle at night and just ride the shuttle everywhere. It's a headache and expensive to park in Waikiki so take advantage of that. Also, the hotel is at the beginning of Waikiki so you dont have to fight traffic to get through town like other hotels. We were also able to use their fitness facilities (free of charge)which are two old rooms with exercise equipment, showers and all. It was nice to use the day we checked out because our plane did not leave until 11pm and they let us shower and get ready there around 6pm, way after we checked out that day. This people know customer service and I highly recommend anyone to stay there. We'll definetly will use them again!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carouseltravel
<Content>great staff, wonderful 2 bedroom suite If you want to splurge in Honolulu try the 2 bedroom suite in the hotel. The views of the city and marina with sunsets are spectacular. The staff from the bellman, to valet to checkin desk were ready to help and welcome you to the hotel. Our suite was great and the baths in each bedroom were unbelievable - I've stayed in hotel rooms that were the size of these baths. They were the same in both master suites - extremely spacious with 2 sink vanity. One side was a large jetted soak tub. Other side of room was a separate toilet with door and a separate walkin shower (quite large). Also a huge closet with soft bathrobes and disposable slippers for your use. Nice touch with the marble floors that were chilly. Living area was quite large with a table and chairs for in room dining plus a long sofa that was very comfortable. Wrap around windows that gave an oceanfront view and a marina view.Also a real nice touch that you don't see often in high rises hotels - windows that actually opened but were chest high so as not to pose a danger to children. My family with me had never stayed in suites like this and their chins hit the floor when we walked in.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just loved it-will return at least annually! We made a quick decision to spend Thanksgiving in Hawaii a month earlier, and found this hotel.The service is amazing, our view from our room was wonderful and all the amenaties were wonderful. We fell in love, and will be returning and sending our daughter and friends, also. Highly recommended.PS-I had read a review about parking costs--it was no problem for us. We got great service and clean and safe car. The attendent even called when we had left a cell phone in the car and wanted to run it up to our room for us. Worth the cost!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woody's Honda
<Content>Great hotel for the price!!!       View from Room...NICE!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Highly Recommended       Panorama view from room in early morning  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TCobb
<Content>Outstanding customer service  My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a few days after several in a condo in Maui. Wow, what a difference in service moving from a timeshare condo/hotel to a full service 4-star hotel! The bellman Jonathan who assisted us with our bags literally spent 10-15 minutes explaining the safety and convenience features of our room after letting us inspect it to determine if it was satisfactory. He remembered our names the next two mornings as we were leaving and had questions about getting to different places. The desk staff was also highly accomodating giving us a 3 hour late checkout so we could go to Hanauma Bay to go snorkeling our last morning, and still come back and shower. My only complaint was that the bed was a little stiff, and that they don't use fitted bottom sheets, they use a standard sheet that they just tuck in on the sides, and it is too short to tuck in at the bottom of the bed. I am 6'1 and my feet were on several inches of bare matress each night after getting settled into the bed. The bathroom in our standard room was super nice. It has a separate stall for the toilet with its own door. Separate shower with glass door. The whole bathroom was tiled. There was also a small illuminated vanity mirror (in addition to the large wall mounted mirror) that is magnified to get a nice shave (or apply makeup for the women). The hotel gives complimentary bottles of dasani water each day, as well as Kona coffee. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Well as the title states my trip was terrible. I have been to Ohau over 10 times and every time I am there I stay at a different hotel for variety. Chech in went smoothly but that was it. My room was on the top floor and since it was windy I had to use the service elevator which was very inconveint. Once I entered the room it looked very dirty. The bed spread was stained and the bathroom looked as though it had not been cleaned for weeks. I then immediately checked out.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mcgahat
<Content>Nice property with excellent service Me and my wife took an around the world trip for our two year anniversary which also served as the honeymoon we never took. We had a 3 night stay in Honolulu on the way back from Japan and elected to book the romance package on the hotels web site. I had stayed at this property before on a priceline stay and remembered it being a nice property. I have done a lot of business in Honolulu and have stayed at almost every hotel it seems and service is always spotty so I decided to go back to the Prince. The service was luckily as I remembered it which was excellent. Everyone from bell desk, valet, check in and restaurant are really friendly and eager to please. Best service of any property I have been to in Honolulu.The room we had in the package was an Ala Moana suite which is a 1 bedroom suite with 2 full bathrooms with a TV in the bedroom and living room area. There are spa style amenities in the bathroom. In the living room there is a dining table with 4 chairs, sofa, coffee table and some end tables. Nice except for the sofa which looked very dated and could go but other than that it is a large room and nice to have the extra space. Internet it also in the room at 10.95 from noon to noon (not 24 hours). Both rooms have somewhat dated furnishing but still nice and the carpet seemed relatively new and it is extremely well kept. The view gives a view of the ala moana park, the marina and a partial view of the ocean. I actually think I like this view over a full view as it adds some contrast. Our package included a $100 dining credit and free breakfast. The dining credit is good for about 1 meal for 2 people and although that lesser expensive meals are avaialable the Prince Court restaurant had great food and great service as well. The menu in the evening is limited to price fixe menu options and a buffet which range from about $35-55. I had one of the fixed menu options as I am not a big seafood lover and my wife had the buffet as she loves seafood and we both went away very satisfied and full. There was also a great wine selection. We also had breakfast each morning at the Prince Court and since breakfast was included I dont know the cost but it was good with a pretty good selection. I actually expected more asian breakfast options but there was a few items there. We did not eat at the Japanese restaurant while there. If you do not have breakfast in your room rate there is a Mcdonalds across the street if you want a cheape option than the hotel restaurant. I do believe ala carte is available for breakfast well but didnt look at the menu. There is a lounge area in the middle of the hotel but lacks any real character for me so other than a quick sandwich or quick drink with friends before heading out is about all I find it usefull for. I think a nice bar/lounge in the middle would serve the place better.I did not play on this trip but did play golf at the hotel course on previous trips and the rate is decent given the rate that out of state people normally pay and it is out in Ewa which is a bit away and tends to be drier but the course was nice and never crowded in the times I played. I always had a car but I think they have a shuttle that runs between the two. They also have a shuttle to waikiki so you really dont need a car if you dont want to deal with that, it runs about every 30 minutes so I would say it is convenient. The location of this property is right at the entrance of Waikiki and to me that is a plus. I really dont like staying in Waikiki as it is such a hassle to get in and out as your are going anyplace on the island but its location allows you to easily get to Waikiki when you need to go but also easy access to the rest of the island such as north shore or return the the airport. There are some good restaurants and bars nearby so you dont have to walk far if you dont want to go into Waikiki. Chart House is always on our list.I think the $199 rate I see at the property is borderline to what I would pay for this property but for a priceline bid it is a bargain for sure. Any discount from that rate in the future and I would definitely make this my regular property here. I just like the convenience and the service that much. I definitely recommend this property to anyone thinking of staying here in the future.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>momshomenow
<Content>Loved the Hawaii Prince My husband and I just returned from Hawaii Prince Hotel and everything about it was excellent. The room was on the 28th floor so the views of the ocean and beach were magnificent. Staff was accomodating and efficient. Maid service included. I particularly liked the fact that you could open the window for fresh air. I never use air conditioning if it can be avoided. Obviously, you would not do this if traveling with children. Also liked the large bathroom with separate stall for toilet, shower areas. There is only one sink though and perhaps a table or shelf could be added for additional space. The food was slightly above average and somewhat pricey. Liked the lobby coffee and sandwich area too. They have a free shuttle in and about Waikiki area that operates every half hour or so. Had a great stay, even though the weather was monsoon like and the beach closed due to sewage problem. No problem at all recommending the Hawaii Prince. We got great rate on internet package for this four star. Go there, just watch the news and weather. It's been raining non stop for 6 weeks now. That is creating a problem all over the islands, not just Oahu.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>patspell
<Content>Great place to stay in Honolulu       ocean view from room  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monarchtravel
<Content>Disappointed in Hawaii Prince I have stayed at other Prince properties in Hawaii and have always been impressed, so I thought the Honolulu property would be as spectacular as the others. I was very disappointed. The rooms do have lovely views of the harbor with large opening windows, but our room was very musty/mildew smelling and the decorating needed to be updated for what they are charging for these rooms. The hallways are dark and the two restaurants on the property are very unappealing in both apprearances and menus offered. The work out room was actually two guest rooms which had been converted to work out facilities with only a few pieces of equipment of which two were not working! The lobby is lovely, and I did enjoy the location being away from all of the crazy Waikiki crowd, but there is no bar on the property; drinks being available from the girl behind the pastry/smoothie counter. The employees are all very nice and helpful, but I was expecting much more out of a Prince property.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BillandSandi
<Content>Great hotel The staff was friendly and very helpful, the room was clean, the ocean view was exactly right. The hotel has a large Asian clientele. This hotel is about 2 miles from Waikiki. You can take the hotel shuttle (runs every 30 minutes) to Waikiki or just enjoy walking. Ala Moana Park and beach are right next door and the incredible Ala Moana Shopping Center across the street. Also conveniently located to several restaurants and mini market.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bdawg
<Content>The Prince is a King!       View from our room  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morebang4buck
<Content>Most bang for the buck!! The Prince Hotel has one of the largest hotel rooms on Waikiki for a very good price. Most standard rooms are 434 sq.ft and directly face the marina with ocean views. Amenities include a huge marble bathroom with separate toilet room, slippers, bath robes, 2 free bottles of water everyday, free shuttle bus to waikiki shopping district, and windows that open wide. If you want to stay away from the traffic and noise in Waikiki, this is the quietest place to stay and is at the far end. Waikiki is just like Las Vegas at night, only much more crowded. Only downside is the lack of a lanai/balcony, outdated furniture, $9 internet service, and $14/day parking. I stayed here for 1 week and enjoyed the view. Unfortunately, if you book through Priceline you will probably end up between floors 5-10 (cheaper rate = less ocean view, [33 floors total]). Everything is expensive on Oahu so save as much as you can on the hotel rooms b/c ATM fees are $3+. You can take the bus around the entire island for $2/day or walk to most shopping malls, restaurants, and landmarks. Wear comfortable clothes since weather is very cool to warm, 65-70 night, 75-85 day.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mauimom
<Content>Pro Bowl Weekend We recently stayed at the Prince as part of our Pro Bowl weekend. We booked 2 rooms through Expedia. I requested King Beds and non smoking. Both rooms were smoking and only one had a king bed. We took the room that smelled less like smoke but it was the one with the 2 double beds which were fine if you liked sleeping on an extememly firm matress. The rooms were very clean. The marble bathroom had a separate tub  shower. Toiletries are Neutrogena. There is a mini fridge in the room for you to store snacks and drinks.Some rooms have internet hookup. All have internet on the TV. Both for an additional charge. There is no WIFI although there is a hotspot in the lobby.The view over the marina was beautiful. This hotel is on the edge of Waikiki. It is within walking distance of the Ala Moana shopping center and several restaurants.This hotel caters to a mostly Japanese clientele. The staff at this hotel were very friendly.Word to the wise when booking through Expedia. I would not recommend the meet and greet transport. I paid $39 per person. Although the lei was nice the transportation is on an old car rental shuttle bus. It does not whisk you to your destination but makes several stops as there are several other passengers that are going to different hotels. They start dropping off at the cruise line piers than work their way down waikiki. If you are on the other end of Waikiki you will be the last off. Although RT transport was included in the $39 per person we opted for a Taxi it took the 4 of us directly to the airport and ran $50 with a tip.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PGC94102
<Content>Very classy hotel in a relatively quiet location This hotel is first class and in a nice setting that is very, very close to the Ala Moana Mall. Although Ala Moana Street is busy, it's relatively quiet compared to the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. The room was not large but the bathroom was very spacious, and service was excellent. The gym is somewhat disappointing but that would not be anyone's primary reason for staying at this hotel anyway. You will not regret staying at this professionally operated hotel.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slmfish
<Content>Very nice Hotel! My mother and I stayed at this hotel from 12/22-12/30. The room was clean and had a great view of the harbor. Got some great sunset pix. I was a little dissapointed with the restaurants. The 2 bigger restaurants seemed to either have a buffet, (the seafood buffet was $42.00) or they had a price fix menu and the cheapest thing was $35.00. Nothing wrong with that but if you just wanted a sandwich or snack Room Service or the Pool Cafe were the best bets. Several restaurants within walking distance. There also is no real bar. There is a small sort of snack bar in the lobby that does serve some drinks (so does the pool), but not until later in the afternoon. The hotel is on the far end of Waikiki, but did have a free shuttle to several places in Waikiki so that was helpful! All in all not much going on this hotel, very restful. All the employees very friendly and helpful!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaii Prince Hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel the last week in December. Rooms overlook the marina, windows open to catch the warm breezes, hotel is clean, personnel exceptionally helpful. Hotel jitney provides transportation to many of the shopping areas, but within walking distance is the large Ala Moana center.Hope to return to beautiful Hawaii and the Hawaii Prince Hotel next year.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Arrived late, so we chose Valet parking the 1st night, after that we moved our car to self parking and for the rest of the vacation we never used the car. We were graciously upgraded, complimentary which I really appreciated. Room service was daily and it was Great. If you want a cheap sandwich the ABC stores across the street offer good prepackaged roast beef sandwiches and various others. Otherwise restaurants even MacDonalds were almost Double the mainland US prices. Be prepared to spend alot on food.... We took tours to snorkel and the polynesian cultural center, both were well worth the money. The beach was a short walk and the ala moana shopping center was unbelievable. If you are looking for soft sand in the water look for the Large PINK hotel, it has that kind of sand in the water,you can walk out far and it only reaches waist high. Many young surfers hang out here. The only thing I lacked was more time...  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1californiagirl
<Content>Spectacular view of the pacific Aloha, we stayed at the Hawaii Prince from 12/21 - /12/29. The hotel is centrally located from waikiki - if you want a lot of action, this is not the place for you. Although we stayed during Xmas week, there weren't a lot of children - mostly adults and yes, the hotel does cater to asians but this did not deter us. The staff was courtesy and efficient. The pool/spa area is perfectly situated on the 5th floor - quiet enough - not a lot of guests. +++ All of the rooms face the ocean!- beautiful sunsets each evening. The hotel restaurant food/drinks were priced reasonably. Coffee maker provided with free coffee/cream/sugar - also, free bottled water replenished each day. Separate /shower/toilet/tub. My favorite part (besides the hotel/weather/location) was the ala moana shopping center - 500 feet away - shopper's paradise.I would definitely recommend this hotel without any hesitation. Also, beware that there is a lot of new construction going on in the waikiki area - major noise factor.Aloha!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow TripAdvisor has done it again for me. I chose this hotel based on the great reviews it had already received. All I can add to them is to say that this really, REALLY, is a great hotel. Absolutely beautiful room with a view of the ocean and, just as importantly, very friendly staff. The front desk knows that it is in the people business and treats guests with courtesy. But everyone was very nice. The hotel is on Waikiki but on its farthest end (using the zoo as the 'other' end). This may therefore require a bit of walking to get to the heart of Waikiki - but how can you complain about that when it is 81 degrees with a wonderful ocean breeze. The hotel is only a few minutes walking from the Ala Moana shopping center - which I actually found quite nice (though you don't go to Waikiki for the mall). There is nothing negative about this hotel. Enjoy.A very happy New Yorker  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great stay at the Prince in HI       View of Magic Island from 29th floor  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, average hotel I grew up in Hawaii so I've stayed in or been in almost every hotel in the area. We stayed at the Prince Hotel for several weeks during the holidays this year. The Prince hotel has a fantastic location (near Waikiki but not technically *in* Waikiki proper) but is Japanese run and so may not appeal to U.S. visitors as much as some of the others in the area. Pro:- Killer location right between Waikiki and Ala Moana. - Steps from the beach, Ala Wai yacht harbor and Ala Moana shopping center. - Good room rates considering location.- All rooms have a decent ocean view.Con:- Smaller rooms with older furnishings. Well worn. - Smells funny (like sushi and soy sauce, probably coming from the Hakone restaurant). I know this sounds sort of obtuse, but it really does impact the overall experience. Japanese tourists smoke a lot too so this adds to the strange aroma.- Parking is $12/day extra.- This is a Japanese owned hotel so it is mostly laid out for Japanese tourists and tour groups (75% of the occupants were from Japan during our stay). This isn't bad per se, but it does give you a distinct feeling of being an outsider if you are from the mainland (presumably the people who read these reviews).Overall, this is a very good hotel, but based on your budget and needs you may prefer the following: Halekulani: far and away the nicest Waikiki hotel (but you don鈥檛 necessarily want to be in Waikiki unless you are a first time tourist and like crowds and the smell of fat people baking in coconut oil). Hilton Hawaiian Village: not as nice as above but has a lot of shops and nicely landscaped grounds.Hale Koa: may be the best of all in Waikiki but you must be US Military to stay here. Turtle Bay: on the opposite side of the island from Waikiki but that鈥檚 exactly the point! Recently remodeled and expanded. Can't go wrong visiting Hawaii btu also consider the outer islands if you've already been once. Aloha!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Homeless_Girl
<Content>Great deal on a great hotel! We stayed at the Hawaii Prince October 24-27 and had a great experience. We made an offer of $125/night for a four or five star hotel in Waikiki on Priceline and our offer was accepted by the Hawaii Prince.Our room was nice and very clean. They actually upgraded us to a higher floor (which usually comes with a higher price!) and we had a great view. I am very particular about the places we stay (it must be VERY clean!) and was very happy with our choice. Everything was in working order and clean. The only two flaws I found were that the desk chair was getting threadbare and the bathroom counter was small. On the up side, the shower was separate from the bathtub and was a more generous size than the normal set-up. There were louvered doors (very Japanese in style) with which you could pull for privacy in the commode, the bathroom, and even one to close off the room itself from the bathroom/hallway/entry area. The view (although no lanai) was gorgeous and the windows opened like a 1/2 door of sliding glass. The service was impeccable. The concierge was bubbly and had great suggestions on places to go and either she or the front desk had great directions and even had the directions to some places printed on a heavy cardstock with a great map included. While there, I took advantage of a discount offered in the spa. The facial was nice and somewhat different for me as it was done in a Japanese style. We didn't eat at the hotel as we already had other places we wanted to try, so I can't give you any information regarding the restaurants. I can attest, however, to the fact that the pool was barely used- it was like having your own private pool!I do not believe we could have found a place to stay with a more polite and helpful staff. Overall, this was an excellent experience and we will return!-HomelessGirl  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bsg1003
<Content>Not worth the money! The hotel needs a sprucing up. The room was comparable to a mid level chain hotel. The bathroom was cramped and dirty feeling.Overall, we would not return to the Hawaii Prince and actually checked out earlier in the day to make an earlier flight. We didn't see any reason to hang out at the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel My wife and I stayed at the Prince for four nights in the middle of October and we have no real complaints. The staff was wonderful. Everyone we dealt with from the front desk to the valets were very courteous and friendly and quick to take care of our needs.The room was great with an awesome view of the Ala Wai Boat Harbor and the sunset. And one night there was a fireworks show that felt like it was a few feet in front of us. It was incredible.There is a free shuttle to the main areas of Waikiki, since the Prince is at the far west end, but it is also very close to the Ala Moana Shopping Mall, which is a plus.The only minus was a weak breakfast buffet. We would have been better off ordering off the menu. But the service was great.I'm sure we'll stay here again and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DaveKC74
<Content>Great Hotel! I have stayed at this hotel on three separate occasions and have been pleased with each stay. The rooms all face the ocean and have amazing views. The hotel is at the end of Waikiki, just adjacent to the canal, so it is quiet. You can walk to the beach or to Ala Moana Mall in about 5 minutes. The rooms have always been clean, and everything works. The only time I had a problem was the first time I stayed there, the lock on my door would not open. The maintainence men could not open it either, even with the master key. My wife and I spent about an hour in the hall (at 10:30PM) while they worked to get the door open. Finally a couple of hotel engineers got the door open. Needless to say, we had to switch rooms, and we were upgraded to a suite, had our parking paid for and got hotel credit to use at the restaurant/spa. I felt that they handled the situation well, and we were justly compensated, and our next two visits were uneventful. When you look at other hotels in Waikiki, there are few that offer such nice accomodations, beautiful views, great location and reasonable prices. You could spend twice as much at some of the more crowded locations on Waikiki and have a view of a courtyard.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goodservice
<Content>Not Too Bad Afther doing a bid on priceline for a 4 star hotel, I got the Hawaii prince hotel offered for 125 USD Per night (7 nights). When we arrived at Honolulu airport we drove to this hotel; which is about a 20 minute drive. Before I had called the hotel about parking possibilities, and was told that there was a self parking garage. When we entered the garage we could not find any availible parking spot. Afther a 12 hour flight and 2 small children; you do not expect do drive arround the parking garage for 30 minutes to find a spot. I drove back to the parking attendant, where I demanded to speak with the manager. The manager came to see us and appologized to us. He offered me to use the valet parking free of charge. The hotel is nice with a beautifull view over the Marina harbor and almost across from the Ala Moana shopping centre. Most guest are from Japan, as there is a japanese tour desk across the elavators. The Rooms are Typical Japanese style. 2 double beds which were a little too small for 2 adults and 2 children, but room was very clean and had a very nice roman style bathroom (and a toilet which flushes the best I've ever seen). The hotel offers also a complimentary shuttle service to the Heart of waikiki which is very nearby. The Pool was also quite nice with a nice view over the marina harbor and sea. later during the week we experienced similair parking problems, which is really something you do not expect from a 4 star hotel; overall we have enjoyed our stay here..but be warned when parking in the garage.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tyim
<Content>Love it!!! Highly recommend it!       Looking straight from my room  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mpotter13
<Content>Fantatstic! My husband and I celebrated our 3rd anniversary here from Sept. 10-15th. After reading about the reviews on this website, I knew it was a great hotel for us. We are not into the crazy scene, so being enough off of that path was wonderful. However, the shuttle was great and it helped us get into the heart of Waikiki at night for dining plans. After much research we ended up lucking out and was able to get a terrific rate through the hotel. We booked in on their September Anniversary Special and paid about half-price! (Less than $200/night)Overlooking the marina was beautiful. The sunset was very visible from our room on the 21st floor. Everyone who looks at our pictures remark at how lovely the view was. And getting to our room via glass elevators was as nice on the last day as it was the first day.The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. The male consierge in particular was very personable. After making reservations for our anniversary and refusing the tip, he later asked how dinner was. I had to tell him we ended up canceling our dinner plans so we could have the once-in-a-lifetime experience of watching the season premier of LOST a week before the rest of the world.I've never been to a hotel that was so nice and NOT stuffy.The robe and slippers were a great touch. Of course the bathroom was very nice and roomy. We thought the room itself was plenty big and accomodating.I enjoyed my swedish massage at the Day Spa. I thought I'd have to pay an extreme amount, but truly it was comparable to what I would pay around home.The pool was a little breezy, but I rather enjoyed that. The hot tub was the perfect temperature. We'd to to the pool to sit and have a cocktail after having the sun beat down on us at the beach all day. The breeze was calming and welcoming. Oahu itself was (of course) terrific. However, I was taken by surprise at the amount of rocks on the beach and in the water. It was a little painful. Growing up goint to the Atlantic Ocean, I'm used to the shells instead.Dining experiences and excursions were great. I would love to go back sometime. If I ever did, we'd definitely stay here again. Next time we WOULD make it to the North Shore... we canceled that on the day of LOST too.September was a great time to visit Oahu. The weather was very nice. Hot only when baking on the beach. We ended up being able to see the biggest surf they had had in over 2 years. On our last day, the waves were about 12' and it was so cool to watch the surfers and the waves break on the rock walls. It was truly picturesque. It only rained once. Which was the same day as the high surf and Lost premier. The rain comes in sheets and passes just as quickly as it comes.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vandalay
<Content>Great Deal This is a four star hotel, with everything you expect from a four star with regards to service, amenities, and cleanliness. The pool area is very nice, with a beautiful view of the marina, and you can even watch the sun set from the pool, or from your room for that matter. There's also a bar at the pool so you can also drink a Mai Tai while watching the sunset. The rooms have a small fridge, beautiflu bathrooms and nice large rooms. The staff at the hotel are also great. The bellboys seem to be the best bet for advice regarding some of the better places to go off the beaten path.The downsides to the hotel is that it's not real near the beach. You can walk to Ala Moana beach or Waikiki, but who want's to walk in the heat, especially if you're carrying your beach gear. The hotel offers a shuttle to waikiki, but it only starts at 12 noon. Also, you have to pay $12 a day for parking. I got this hotel on Priceline for much much less than the going rate, so for me it was a great bargain.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TexasGirlinAtlanta
<Content>Loved it! This was great! I booked through priceline (a first for me!) and got a steal for this hotel! They have both a concierge and a trip advisor person to help find restaurants, book tours, etc. The room had a nice view of the pool  harbor. The pool was a little windy a couple of days, which made some people forget about sunscreen. The salon downstairs was also very nice for a facial and a massage- call early once you get there to get an appointment. Definietly would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Frees
<Content>Hawaii Prince deserves all it's high marks! We stayed at the Hawaii Prince from September 9 through the 14 and was extremely pleased with everything. Starting with the reception hot towel to the free bottled water and coffee in the room. Although we had a Hotwire room on a lower floor, the view was still spectacular looking out to the Ali Wai yaught habor and beyond. The sliding glass windows are a great feature. The amenities in the room were thoughtfull and Housekeeping was immaculate. We took advantage of the lobby coffee bar daily for morning coffee and pastries and had breakfast one morning in the restaurant which was super. The service standands are very high here at the Prince along with having a great location away from the crouds but close to the beach and shopping. Very highly recommened!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome first visit to hawaii My family and I stayed at the Hawaii Prince Hotel in Oahu, room 1507 in mid-August. It was our first visit. My co-worker who is a Hawaiian native recommended the Hawaii Prince since thats where she stayed for short visits. We had a very nice ocean view. We were able to watch the yachts go out to sea. Our room was well maintained. The staff very nice and responsive. If there was any minor problem the management sent workers to fix the problem right away. They have healthy Aloe plants by the poolside that we were able to use for our bad sumburns. We enjoyed the movies shown over the weekend by the poolside. There was a shuttle to take you to downtown. The Ala Moana is close enough to walk to. The bus stops almost right in front of the hotel. ABC store and Mc Donalds across the street.  We did miss the sight of people frolicking about on the beach and missed the fireworks for Admission Day. One cannot see the Waikiki beach since another hotel blocks the view.  Overall our first hawaii experience was very pleasant. We would recomend this hotel to all. My recomendation is that if you are Kaiser Permanente employee, check out this classy hotel. We have an employee discount, call the hotel directly.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>triptraveller
<Content>Nice Quality Hotel in Waikiki Hawaii Prince is a very nice quality hotel -not quite luxury - but very nice.Service is attentive and polite.Hotel is quiet - includinig the main lobby wihich has shops and lounge area.Upper-level rooms, especially, have good views of the marina. Furnishings in room are fine - and bedding is very good. Great bathrooms - with separate shower area, and deep bath tub. Housekeeping servie is good - including turn-down service (if you would like it).Nice pool on fith floor - appropriate for use by both adults and children.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CheesieOne
<Content>Fantastic Stay       Jellyfish in Marina  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sfwork
<Content>Good Location This is a nice hotel and has a great location -- at the end of the main Waikiki strip and within walking distance to Ala Moana Shopping Mall. The lobby is very nice and the hotel staff was really really nice. They also have a free shuttle that takes you to the main shopping and beach areas of the strip. Very convenient. My main complaint is the pool -- not so good. It's on the 12th floor or something like that and sort of windy on the days we were staying there. Also it wasn't kid friendly. Other than that, I can recommend this hotel with confidence.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel, highly recommend My wife and I stayed at the Hawaii Prince for our 25th anniversary trip. We were very pleased with our room (23rd floor, Diamond Head Tower) and with the staff at the hotel. The views over the harbor were spectacular, day and night. (BTW, we were told that the opening scene of Gilligan's Island, with the 'SS Minnow' leaving the harbor, was filmed there!) The in-hotel restaurants are pretty expensive but there are plenty of restaurants in the area (Outback Steakhouse, Red Lobster, McD's, Subway, Starbucks, all within one block of the hotel. As others have mentioned, the Ala Moana Mall is nearby with lots of shops and restaurants, too. The hotel shuttle service was terrific. It has four stops right smack dab in the middle of Waikiki and runs about every half hour until about 10:15 or so at night. We were able to catch the last bus home each night after shows. Since the hotel is a little ways away from central Waikiki, this saves a lot of cab fare. In addition, when tour company bus pickups weren't right at the Hawaii Prince, many of them were next door at the Ilikia, which was very convenient. It's a short two block walk to the beach at the Hilton Hawaiian Village.If you are more inclined to a bit quieter spot, I'd highly recommend the Hawaii Prince.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perhaps a duke not a prince We stayed at the Hawaii Prince Waikiki in July and found it more a 3 star than a 4 star. Because we're familiar with other Prince hotels (Maui and the Big Island) as well as 4 and 5 star hotels in Waikiki (Kahala Mandarin, Sheraton Moana Surfrider and Halekulani), we inevitably compared the Prince Waikiki with those facilities and found this hotel not quite up to the four star standard. While the rooms were large, the furniture was rather tacky (low-end couch and fiber board tables). And although the housekeeping was very nice and ready to please, the rooms were not all that clean (toe nail clippings next to the bed when we checked in and grungy carpets). Also, the elevators were constantly unusable because of high winds, forcing us to use the service elevators which was inconvenient, because those elevators were often very slow due to luggage and housekeeping carts moving up and down the elevators. Finally, the check in was bizarre. Instead of checking us into an empty room, the clerk checked us into someone's room that was fully occupied. Not a good safety plan there.Needless to say, we won't return to the Prince Waikiki but will stay at higher end hotels closer to Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LazyCat
<Content>too good for the price               
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>patriotic
<Content>Quiet rooms near most popular sights This is a very nice hotel at the westernmost part of Waikiki nextddoor to the Ilikai. It caters to more business travelers but also has tourists, families, etc. The rooms were well decorated in modern and neutral colors. The room had a fridge and coffee maker. The floor-to-ceiling glass windows were a plus because the views were great. I stayed in the Ala Moana Tower and all the rooms had partial or full ocean/yacht harbor views. But the drawback is that there are no balconies. The bathroom was big with a separate tub and nice shower. Granite countertops in the bathroom and the tables in the room were a nice touch. The bed was comfortable with nice feather/down pillows.The hotel has frequent shuttle service to the downtown Waikiki madness. There are trolleys that run along the main road frequently and I would say you probably don't need a car if you stay in the general Waikiki area. We signed up for a kayaking tour (through the helpful hotel concierge) and it was fabulous. The shuttle picked us up from the hotel and drove us back. There are many tours that provide transportation to/from the site (Pearl Harbor, Hanauma Bay, etc.) The hotel is only about two blocks from the massive Ala Moana Mall, where there are tons of shops (including high end) and lots of restaurants. The front desk staff were very nice and helpful however, my room was not ready when we arrived at about 1pm. They said it needed a touch up. When I finally entered the room, I noticed that there was still trash in the trash cans and a pair of slipppers kinda haphazardly strewn near the bed (not side by side next to the bed). I wasn't sure if the room had been fully cleaned so I called housekeeping and they came right away to clean up, etc. The only other problem I encountered was that the nob inside the fridge broke off (plastic piece) when I tried to adjust the temperature. I called maintenance and they came right away and replaced the part.Overall, I think this is a very nice hotel and worth the peace and quiet at night. If you are looking to stay in the center of all the action, this is probably not the spot for you. Aloha!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iamlisad
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in a Quiet Location We got this hotel on Priceline for a 5 night stay in July 2005. The rooms were in good shape and every room has a beautiful view of the marina and the ocean beyond. The pool on the 5th floor was nice -- but at times became crowded. There are beaches within walking distance, but it would require an energetic walk. We had a rental car and were glad that we did. It allowed us to visit beaches around Oahu. Food service in the hotel was expensive and we ended up not eating meals there. There is a McDonalds, Subway, Starbucks right across the street, however, and these were good breakfast and snack options. The hotel offers a shuttle to the heart of Waikiki. We found this worked better than taking the rental car to this area because parking was a problem. The staff was friendly and helpful. At times the parking lot was full and you are forced to use valet service for more $$$. Lots of shopping at the Ala Moana mall that is very close by. If you want to be in the heart of the Waikiki action to bar hop and visit clubs this is NOT the location for you. If you're looking for some quiet in a busy city, this is perfect.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class service From the doormen to the maids to the concierge to the check in people, my wife and I encountered first class, friendly treatment! We stayed three nights. The rooms were very clean. The floor to ceiling windows offer an incredible view of the city, the ocean, and the marina. Since our flight didn't leave until 8:30 p.m., the hotel gave us keys to the full bathroom in the fitness area so we could enjoy a full day of sun and then clean up before our evening flight. They securely stored our baggage during the day and allowed us to get in and out of it multiple times during the day. I have no reservations whatsoever recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful We happen to stay here in July 4th weekend by fluke and the place was the best we ever stayed. My wife said she wants to keep coming back to honolulu and stay here every year. The staff, location, cleanliness, ocean view excelent. They have Tokyo locations where we will stay.A little efforts wll take this hotel to five star rating.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>omar1671
<Content>So so... I just got back from a trip to Hawaii where I stayed at several hotels (Holiday Inn, the Mandarin and the Prince). Far and above the Mandarin was the best and none of the others even came close. Ofcourse the Mandarin cost a whole hell of a lot more. The Prince came in second. We had a 5 th floor room. It was fairly roomy, nice big bathroom and separate shower and toilet. However, the 5th floor rooms are on the same floor as the swimming pool level, so your balcony is on the same level (there is risk that someone from the swimming pool could climb into your apartment).Also, our apartment had tiny little bugs! I had to swat them off my computer screen, you could see some crawling on the bathroom floor, etc.The front desk staff are hopelessly lost, rather slow in responding to questions, check-in is painfully slow, and they werent as friendly as some of the other hotels.Internet access is 11bucks a day (no wireless access). FYI-Its free at the Holiday Inn and costs a bit more at the Mandarin.In summary, if you want a room here, make sure its not on the 5th floor. The rooms are large, the bed was comfy and its walking distance to the huge shopping mall. A bit of a walk to waikiki beach. Has an adequate swimming pool. Staff (with the exception of the bell hops) are slow and inefficient.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice nice hotel, little too stuffy for me though... Don't get me wrong, I got a deal on this room from Hotwire, so no matter what, for Fourth of July weekend this was a bargain. It's just that I'm a more laid back type of clientele. Checkin wasn't the greatest. I read reviews about them greeting you with warm face towels etc, but there was nothing of the sort. The staff barely wanted to help me it seemed. I checked in the room, finding out that they put me in a two double bed room. I requested a king but he told me this was all they had. We were on the fifth floor, also which was smoking, and I mean smoking. I recently quit so this was kind of an annoyance, but regardless we stayed.The room itself was beautifully designed. Nice colors, furniture. Awesome bathroom, seperate tub, shower and even the toilet. Nice and roomy. Not so sure about privacy, but was definitely a nice bathroom. The room itself was nice and roomy as well. The view was spectacular.Now as far as stuffy goes, it caters to mostly Japanese and high dollar foreigners so we seemed a little out of place there. I think the fact that we booked thru hotwire they weren't as nice to us either. Also, if you don't want to hang out at the gazillion malls and just want to walk down to Waikiki, it's kind of far for the walking impaired if you don't want to wait for the complimentary trolley. Luckily I don't mind walking in such a beautiful location, but if I couldn't I don't know how I would have gotten around.Regardless, this is definitely a beautiful hotel and if someone gave me a free room there I would take it, but definitely would rather stay at some place like the Sheraton Princess down across from Waikiki for the same amount.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tporier
<Content>The Hawaii Prince was great! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in June. We went to Oahu to celebrate our 20 year wedding anniversary. The hotel was perfect for our stay. The location was wonderful and just a short walk to the beach at the Hilton Resort. The staff was extremely courteous and the room was very nice.Everything you read about this hotel is true. The windows that open are fantastic and the bathroom is large and very impressive. The robes are a nice added touch and the maids are completely efficient. I do think this is a better hotel for couples or singles instead of families. The pool area was nice enough for adults but, I don't think kids would have much fun there.I would definitely book this hotel again. Frankly, I can't think of one negative thing that happened during our stay.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic hotel room My husband and I had to stay there for a convention that wa held in April and we stayed at this hotel and I fell in love with the room that we slept in. I stayed at the Hilton for our anniversary but next time i am planning to stay at the Hawaii Prince again. The room was great, the bed was hugh and very comfortable, and the bathroom wow i did not know that it was like that when we arrived. overall event though the price is high if you want a great experience stay here, i am planning on going back  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hsiu
<Content>Odd experience! Well, our experience were kinda odd here. In general, it is a 4.5 star hotel, so we like the hotel, the room, bathroom is big with a bathtub and shower in separate. Our room was 2204. We specially called bf we came to request for higher floor since we booked thru Hotwire, and afraid of being discriminated by putting on one of the low-floor unit. So i suggest you do that. The only problem came when we unfold the bed! We found a Shoe-print on the bed sheet! feeling digesting, shock! We were nice enough to squeeze on the 2/3 of the bed since IT was like 12 midnight. we didn't bother to complain. Wait until next morning then I called up the frontdesk. After talked with the manager, they wanted to see it, so we called them up before you check out (we only stayed for 1 night). He managed to give us complimentary lunch buffet for compensation. The lunch was very nice after all, we don't know if we should thank for the Shoe-print or not!~ There is a shuttle take you to Waikiki area, so you can avoid the bad traffic.  I guess our case was exceptional, so we will stay here again next time.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MokupuniFan
<Content>Hawaii Prince Waikiki was great! My wife and I spent four nights at the Prince (04/30 - 05/04). We had outstanding and friendly service from every employee. Our room was extremely clean, comfortable, and spacious. The views are unbeatable. What sunsets!!This is an extremely convenient location - close enough to beaches and Ala Moana Center is a stone's throw away. You could pay a lot more to stay int he Waikiki area - but why?The Prince was super and when we're in Honolulu - this is where we will stay!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Angelyvonne
<Content>Excellent and Great Value Waikiki Hotel We stayed at the Hawaii Prince in May 2005, and the hotel far exceeded my expectations in many ways. I purchased the room as part of a package, and felt like it was definitely one of the best hotels I have stayed in in this class (4 stars), particularly in Waikiki. The lobby was airy, bright, and spacious. The staff was super friendly and helpful. They moved us to a room with King size bed without any issues (I forgot to request it when I booked the package) and even got us into a room with an even more amazing view. We could see the marina and most importantly, Magic Island, which was just beautiful. The rooms were nice, clean, and the bathroom was great as it was large. We have been in Waikiki many times, and I would say that the Prince was the best place we've stayed for what we needed. I actually really liked the fact that it was slightly out of the hustle and bustle of Waikiki, but easily within reach. In addition, it was super close to Ala Moana mall, which I definitely prefer over the touristy shops and ABC stores on Kalakaua. We also tried the hotel's Japanese restaurant (Hakone), and it was fantastic! I am usually quite skeptical of hotel restaurants - particularly if it offered sushi buffet, but this was great. They offered sushi, sashimi, shabu shabu, udon, steamed egg, roasted lamb, dessert tray, and so on and so forth. The quality was superb, and the restaurant had a lovely view of the ocean.Overall, I would highly recommend staying at the Prince. It seriously offered such great value and quality for its price. If you are looking to be near Waikiki and not be bothered by the crowds and noise, this is the perfect place for you!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PleasantlyLost
<Content>Service, Quality, Bargain Rates=Great Hotel!       View from my room, Sunset  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - the Prince is First Class!       Beautiful Waikiki sunset as seen from the room  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Star Hotel with Good Service and Excellent Views The Hawaii Prince Hotel is definitely one of the better hotels in Waikiki and certainly one of the best deals. If you are looking for a quiet hotel away from the noise of central Waikiki than this is your place! They keep the room rates down by not offering many of the little resort frills that most people don't use anyways, such as torch-lighting ceremonies, half-a-dozen restaurants and other such gimmicks which you really don't need. Though this hotel is away from the action of Waikiki they offer a free shuttle service and who needs Waikiki anyways when you're across the street from Ala Moana Shopping Center and Ala Moana beach park. Service here is excellent and although there are no Lanais the floor-to-ceiling windows offer an unobstructed view of the ocean that every other Waikiki hotel would kill for. We were on the 27th floor and the views were stunning. The rooms are above average for Waikiki too. Separate shower/tubs are nice and amenities were good. We paid $209/night.The only issue I have is with the lack of 24 hour room service which was a pain as we arrived on a late-arriving mainland flight. Also, the breakfast buffet was terrible for the $19 cost. No evening bar service seemed odd for a 4 star hotel as well.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every room has an ocean view! We stayed in the (cheaper, I assume) Ala Moana tower which has a harborview and a view of the Ala Moana beach. Due to the layout of the hotel, darn near every room has an oceanview. And, as other reviewers have said, the windows actually open. WOW. We picked this location slightly off the beaten path because we wanted to be closer to Chinatown and downtown, which are a very short drive from the hotel. And $12.50 a day for in-and-out parking including valet (very nice guys) or self-park, I thought this was a great deal compared to Waikiki. Also, it is within walking distance of Ala Moana beach (very nice for swimming) and the mall. Yes, it is on the edge of the nightlife, but Waikiki is a very short drive, bus, taxi or trolley ride away. The rooms were very nicely kept, comfortable beds, fancy bathrooms, etc. Not the newest hotel we've stayed in, but very classy nonetheless. High-speed internet worked great. The elevators were fast. Check-in was quick and friendly. No mention was made that I booked this through Priceline (many travellers are getting a GREAT rate this way). They give you towels to refresh, a nice touch.One minor complaint about the hotel, there's no decent lounge for an after-beach drink. Yes, there's the lobby of the hotel, but that's a little tacky. Other than that, everything was perfect. I would have definitely paid more for my stay. This hotel is worth it.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not your average Waikik Hotel The hotel feels like a 4-star hotel in downtown Tokyo rather than one in Waikiki. There are no surfboards hanging from the walls, no lei-wearing staff, no giant central pool adjacent to the sand, and no missing walls between the hotel and the outdoors. The Prince is across the street from a boat marina, has a small, shallow 5th floor pool between the two towers and the driveway is separated from the 2-story lobby by a wall of glass and glass doors. It is icy cold inside. It is especially not suited, in my view, for children since the front and back doors of the hotel open onto streets.So, why stay here? Simple: you can enjoy the madness that is Waikiki -- the crowded beaches and pool areas, the massive shopping (including the immense Ala Moana Shopping complex which is across the small bridge next to the hotel) and then return to an air conditioned oasis a few blocks from the crush.All rooms face front with views of the marina and the ocean beyond. They start on the 5th floor so all have views. Mine on the 7th had a view not dissimilar to my friend's on the 11th, so book a cheap room (floors 5 thru 9) and ask for a free upgrade, if you want to.The rooms are beautifully done in neutral colors (it's a business person's hotel, after all). There are no balconies but, instead, a wall of glass, the upper half of which opens (sliding left and right from the center) to form a big screen TV opening of the marina and ocean view. There are no screens so you truly feel a part of it. Note: if you open the window -- as I did during my stay, the A/C turns off!The bath is very large, tiled (with limestone, I think) and features a toilet room, separate tub and stall shower and a clothes line that appears over the tub to hang your wet stuff.Previous comments about the condition of the hotel are accurate. My room had 2 small cigarette burns in the carpet (in my 'no smoking' room!), loose fabric trim on the chair, and the baseboards and armoire needed touching up with paint and varnish. These were minor defects, in my view, especially in light of the excellent housekeeping staff.The location is a couple of blocks north of the Hilton Hawaiian Village (which is the last hotel on the beach). To get to the sand and into downtown Waikiki, you have several options: 1. Take the hotel's free shuttle bus which leaves every 1/2 hour between noon and 10 pm. (5 to 10 minute ride depending where you get off) 2. Take the city bus (on Ala Moana St -- go out the back door of the lobby, turn right: the bus stop is on the next block). It's $2 and runs often. 3. Or, simply get onto the beach as follows: Turn left out of the front door of the hotel, walk 1-1/2 blocks and you will see a lagoon (small lake) in front of you surrounded by a barrier. Look for the opening in the barrier (a little to the right), step onto the sand surrounding the lagoon, walk to the right around the end and you will end up on the beach in front of the Hilton. It's a 6 or 7 minute walk and the easiest way to the water.By the way, across the street from the city bus stop is an Alamo Car rental agency. (Lower level, below the street). We rented a midsize for $24 (all fees included) by booking it on their website (---). If you walk-in without a reservation, the same car is twice as much. Be sure to reserve the car for pick up at the Ala Moana St. office -- not the airport office!A couple of miscellaneous things...Great breakfast at Eggs and Things Kalakaua Ave, just off Ala Moana St (the staff will direct you). Get the 2 eggs + pancakes for $3.95 and savor the coconut and orange pancake sauces. Yum!. Lastly, if you're going to Hananauma Bay for snorkeling, etc, keep in mind that it's closed on Tuesday and that the hotel concierge offers a package for $15 that takes you there, loans you the snorkeling equipment and brings you back. A pretty good deal.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KatieCanada
<Content>Great quiet hotel at the edge of Waikiki Loved it - my fiance and I stayed here for our winter holiday for the Oahu part of our trip. It was perfect for us - just at the edge of Waikiki, and quiet and elegant. Lovely piano music as you come in and fresh towels at the desk.AMAZING bathrooms! They're huge.The only drawback is that it is a little far from the center of Waikiki, but the HUGE plus is that you don't have to deal with all the noise and kids. The Hilton beach is a 5 min walk away and the views from this hotel are fabulous. There is a complimentary shuttle service that runs into the center of Waikiki every half hour which is nice. The hotel is also walking distance to Ala Moana shopping centre, which has great stuff!Perfect for couples and business travellers who want good access, but some peace and quiet too.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet getaway on edge of Waikiki       The view from our room  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place My wife and I stayed here on a business/leisure trip from March 5 - 12, 2005. It is the most wonderful hotel we have ever stayed in. Every room looks out over the ocean. You can open the windows any time of day. There are no bugs and no flies. The rooms are very large and each room has a large bathroom with a bathtub and a seperate shower.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smurfergirl
<Content>A nice place to be       Hawaii Prince Hotel - Diamond Head tower (right) Ala Moana tower (left)  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelFan
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We stayed here for three nights in March via a Priceline reservation. They treated us exceptionally well, including hot wash towel and kids stuff at check in (water proof money holders and water bottles). Great treat! We got a 14th floor room which was beautiful and very quiet. The hotel was sold out during our stay. Self parking was $13 a night and we always got a parking spot on one of the lowest levels of the garage. The hotel is very convienent to the Ala Moana shopping center. The rooms all have a refrigerator with two bottles of complimentary water each day. The ice in the Diamond Head tower is located on the 9, 19 and 28th floors by the service elevators. We didn't use the pool but it looked lovely (we never saw the poolside cabana open, though). It's about a five to ten minute walk to a beach. They have an afternoon and evening shuttle to the beach and shopping areas but we never used it (leaves approximately every half hour). For those who like a quiet stay with an awesome ocean front view in Waikiki, this is the hotel! The hotel primarily caters to Japanese tourists, but treats everyone wonderful. I definitely recommend this hotel--large rooms, very comfortable beds, great bathrooms with separate tubs and showers.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved This Hotel We just returned from our first trip to Hawaii. We booked our hotel through Priceline and got a good price $140 per night for a four star hotel. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. From the moment we drove up to the entrance until we left, everything was wonderful. Our room was on the 4th floor and overlooked the pool. Even though this was a very low room, we could see the ocean and the sunsets perfectly. The hotel staff, especially the bell men, and the men at the entrance, were very friendly and helpful. They were the most helpful and friendly of all the places we stayed. The room was very quiet and clean, the bed was comfy, and the bathroom is done all in marble with a seperate shower and tub. It is quite large. This hotel is a short walk to the beach and park. Shopping is also very close. My husband and I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Complete Couple Comfort My husband and I just returned from a five-night stay at the Hawaii Prince and I must say it was just about the most perfect situation for us. We were there during one of their busiest times - Valentines Day, as well as the Pro Bowl which was a part of our itinerary, but also included tours and water sports as we were mostly there for Valentines. Needless to say, we wanted the Waikiki experience without being in the heart of all the chaos and madness - for instance, the traffic is always an issue and sometimes the characters on the main hotel drag are shady. So, we searched for something that was more of a compromise to their main drag, but secluded enough from any of the riff-raff and/or noise. Sure the Marriott is nice if you have no intention of going near Waikiki and want to be so far out that you'll need a car to get anywhere.Okay so the hotel is not on the beach, but it's next to a beautiful park and provides views of both the lagoon and ocean like no other hotel (it's the tallest hotel in Waikiki with 33 floors and within walking distance to the beach), the rooms aren't immaculate but our room was always clean and had just about every ammenity necessary (separate shower  tub, huge glass windows you could open and let every bit of sunshine in, free water in the refrigerator, bathrobe  slippers), the room service isn't 24 hours but it's prompt and the food is delivered hot, and even though the room service ends at 10 p.m. and there are no vending machines - when I wanted a soda after midnight on Valentines, someone from staff generously met my husband with a cold can of soda and a cup of ice for me (no charge). Whatever they may lack, they make-up for with great service. My husband had wanted to surprise me with a vase of roses and candy on Valentines, and sure enough when I returned to my room my flowers and candy were waiting there for me. All the staff was friendly with a smile and even concierge was helpful in assisting us, and we never had to wait for our car with valet. I cannot sing their praises enough but to say that when we return with our children and mothers next time, we will not be staying anywhere else. Oh yes, and right on the corner is Red Lobster which is the best one we had ever visited. Ask for Frank or Mona (the manager) and tell them the Butlers sent you.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Just took my family to Hawaii and we stayed at the Hawaii Prince. The location was great for my family because we were just a few blocks from the Ala Moana shopping center. That made is easy for value priced meals at their food court. Great food court there, but you better like Asian foods. There is also a McDonald's, Subway, Outback and Red Lobster within 2 blocks of the Hotel. The view over the marina was nice. Another tip, if you want to save some money on parking your rental car, ask about parking on the other side of the Marina. There is free public parking where the hotel staff park. Saved me a few extra dollars for the week. Hotel staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The bathrooms were big, and the rooms were good but not great. For those looking for more Waikiki action, this a little far for just a walk, but you can easily take the shuttle or a taxi.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tranquility Outside of Waikiki Hawaii Prince is located just north of Waikiki Beach overlooking the yacht harbor. The clean, quiet rooms have fantastic floor to ceiling views of the ocean (stunning sunsets) and are stocked with high quality linens (tripled sheeted beds), robes and a small refrigerator. The rooms are showing a little wear and tear, however. The finish had peeled from the desk, the paint on the door ceil was chipped, the marble bathroom had a crack in the sink. Even with the cosmetic defects and the lack of a lanai, were very pleased with our 17th floor room (upgraded at no additional charge) which we 鈥淗otwired鈥?for about $130 inc. tax. A hotel shuttle runs 鈥榯ill 10 pm, leaving every 30 minutes, stopping at Nike Town, DFS Galleria, International Marketplace, and the Duke statue. A walk to the beach in front of Hilton Hawaiian Village takes about 10 minutes. The Ala Moana Mall in the other direction also takes about 10 minutes. We conveniently reserved a car through Hertz which we picked up and returned to the hotel so we could explore the North shore. Hotel staff was courteous, room service swift. This is a hotel for grown-ups, ones who want to relax by the pool, enjoy the spa and unwind in the sunshine. If you want a party atmosphere, or if you have kids, go elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel but learn the bus lines Hawaii Prince was a very nice hotel in a quiet area off of Ala Moana. The desk staff and concierge were great and the room service staff were outstanding. The room was very nice. However, it is a bit far from the beaten path if you're there to cruise the shopping on Kalakaua or go to beaches more in the heart of Waikiki. Make the number 18 bus your friend or avail yourself of the hotel shuttle to get to the center of Waikiki. (The bus lines are pretty dependable and easy.) And there's and ABC right across the street from the Hotel. But, if you wanna be more in the action of Waikiki, look for something closer to Diamond Head. All in all...great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cnjmichael
<Content>Great price - wonderful service - suitable location Just returned from a 4-night stay over the Christmas holiday and felt the value for the money (around $100 per night including taxes via Priceline) was outstanding. We received a room on the 24th floor, with a full view of the marina and about a 2/3 view of the ocean. Check-in and check-out process were quick and efficient. Since we knew the hotel was not right in Waikiki and we wanted to do a lot of sightseeing in other areas, we rented a car and used it every day to go to places like the Polynesian Cultural Center, Pearl Harbor, and Chinatown. We did use the hotel shuttle one evening and found it relatively convenient. Next time, we will probably stay in a Waikiki hotel for the extra convenience, but we know we'll pay extra for it. All in all, it was a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TexasYokel
<Content>Very Nice Comfortable room, was upgraded to a junior suite that had a completely seperate room that would have been very useful if I'd had work to do or for someone with kids. Meticulously clean in all aspects. Bellmen were very helpful with advice and directions. Everyone was very nice. Not right on the beach but very quiet. Shuttle runs a loop around Waikiki from 10 AM to 10 PM and Ala Moana Mall is a 5 minute walk.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JackSD
<Content>Location, location...and quiet The Hawaii Prince combines three features much-prized by frequent travelers: It's near a major natural attraction (the beach at Waikiki in this case), it's walking distance to a fashionable shopping area (Ala Moana Center), and it's also positioned to have striking views of the cityscape. That it also provides surprisingly quiet rooms is the deal-clincher for those who want convenience, comfort and predictability. Except for the Asian motif in the lobby and the views of the Pacific, this hotel could as easily be in Houston or Chicago. Some may find that disappointing, but because it is not a hotel draped with a lot of superficial Hawaiian decor, it will be a relief to many travelers who don't want to pay for artificial packaging. The Hawaii Prince is buttoned-down, arm's length, almost corporate. That means it will be too impersonal and cool for many enthusiastic first-timers to Honolulu, but the hotel compensates for that in its jetlag-dissipating calm. Just two caveats: Hallways on floors with rooms are in need of a periodic facelift as of this writing, and the dining room should really learn how to do a breakfast buffet...  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience! I have JUST stepped off the plane returning from my wonderful vacation in Oahu, Hawaii. We stayed Nov. 15-18, 2004 at the Hawaii Prince and have been just SPOILED! The hotel staff were very professional/nice from the time I made the reservations until the time we departed. We celebrated our five year wedding anniversary (our second time to Oahu, first stay at Hawaii Prince) and had a blast. The hotel location was just PERFECT, could basically stroll to any place we wanted. Rooms were beautiful with an awesome view to die for on the water (we were in the Diamond Head Tower-- 11th floor)! We're already planning our next trip and the Hawaii Prince will most certainly be the spot! Highly recommend this place for an awesome and romantic stay in Oahu!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our First Vist to Hawaii from Sydney Australia Nov9th - Nov 17th My wife and I spent a lot of time picking our way through the various Hotel choices.the Hawaii Prince came through for us. It was everthing we expected and much much more....We booked a Marina Vista Room #1016 (10th Floor) The room was very clean, and fresh. The bed was enormous the room size was generous. The bathroom included bathtub and vanity, a seperate shower and seprate toilet was a nice touch.Plenty of towels etc. Coffee facilities (free)bring your own Tea Bags !!Large sliding windows. Beautifull view of marina and the sea beyond, a partrial view of waikiki beach was also possible. Great location for those 'die for' Hawaiian Sunsets, something you might miss if youre on the Waikiki Beach strip. Prior to our arrival I arranged for a transfer from the Airport to the hotel $9 per head (Taxi will cost $25 so if there are more than 2 get a taxi)Some people have complained the hotel is too far away from the main stream of waikiki. Rubbish! ....Its just a few minitues walk, better to walk, you might miss something, but if you want to get there in a hurry...you can always use the hotels free shuttle bus, the drivers are great characters and very helpful. Or a Taxi for a few dollars.If you prefer to eat out there are plenty of nice places to choose. Driving around Honolulu can definately be a little scary, to people like myself not use to the road rules. My advise, if its your first visit give the car a miss. There are plenty of buses around the island the fare is the same wherever you go just $2 ( that includes 1 free transfer )We took advantage of the many 'things to do' offers available using the Expedia Agent, located in the hotel foyer We went off to Pearl Harbour ' a life changing experience' did a full day trip around the island ( the driver was excellent, plenty of stops and commentary with lots of humour thrown in. The best was left till last we took a Full Day and evening package to visit the Polynesian Cultural Centre. Worth every cent, dont cut this short do the whole thing, there is nothing better to compare this with ..... Finally a word on the staff at the Prince. What a joy to see so many people enjoying thier work. Very good at meeting your every whim.Dont forget to include breakast in your package. To the Prince Hotel and all those that made our trip so enjoyable...Mahalo and Aloha  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnTes
<Content>Classy and Peaceful We have stayed here twice in the past month--first for 9 days and, recently, for 4 days--and they were both perfect experiences. The check-in is simple and quick (with hot towels to refresh after a long flight), rooms are large and well-appointed with AMAZING ocean views, pool/hot tub area is perfect and the entire staff is first-class. This is the only place I would stay on Waikiki...all the convenience of staying on the beach without the craziness that exists everywhere else along it. Definitely worth the price!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most unromantic hotel in Hawaii We were so excited to come to this hotel after looking at all of the great reviews on trip advisor- so when we pricelined a 4 star hotel, we were very pleased at our result. Check-in was easy and the staff was semi-accomodating; our main problem was with our room. Our room was dirty and the ceiling was stained, it also looked very worn, there was hair in the bathtub, and it was not clean. The beds were stiff as stone, we made a call to guest services to see if they could soften them up a bit. Housekeeping placed an extra blanket to add some softness, this did not help in any sort of way. We pre-paid for a 3 night stay, but we only managed to survive here for one night. We didn't have a problem losing our money, if it meant going to a hotel that was truly a 4 star.If you are in a romantic mood, do not consider this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm difficult to please, but they did it!!! 8 days/7 nights Where to begin? The Hawaii Prince Hotel, Honlulu was much more than I expected. Let me begin by saying that our room was upgraded to the 19th floor. Aah, the sunsets from the 19th floor. I will miss them. The warm, friendly staff was always ready to satisfy all my needs. The room was large enough, with breathtaking views and a comfortable bed. Floor to ceiling windows actually open and at night you can fall asleep to the sound of the ocean surf. It's far enough away from the noise of downtown Honolulu, but only a five minute hotel shuttle ride to the International Market and all other restaurants and shops, and just a three minute walk to a beautiful, quiet beach. The TV channel selection is lame, but who cares, you're in Hawaii and should be outside playing!! I'm pretty difficult to please, but I could not have asked for anything more. It was wonderful. I booked this trip using Priceline and they also should be commended.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Callie911
<Content>Extremely satisified.... We stayed there from Oct 9 to Oct 16 on the 7th floor. We are in our late 20's but we look younger.Upgrade: Our flight was delayed so we got to the hotel around 10 PM on Saturday, but the staff got us checked-in in less than 10 minutes. I asked for an upgrade but they were already full, but they promised to inform me when they have anything available. Indeed, they did on Monday. However, my boyfriend and I liked our room so much that we didn't see a reason to switch even thoough the hotel will send the staff to move our stuff when we are out on the beach.Room: The ocean/harbor view from the room was so great. When you lie on the bed, you only see the ocean and sky. We opened the window from time to time, and we don't hear much of noice since the street is only occupied by guests at Hawaii Prince Hotel. Bed sheets are clean. Room decoration is modern and not overly Hawaiian so you don't get tired of Hawaii feeling when you already see it everywhere when you are out. Bathroom's design is very similar to Mandarin Oriental Jarkata and Mandarin Oriental Singapore; use of marble makes it more elegant and clean. The bottled water was nice gesture to make coffee in the mornings; both bottled water and Kona coffee are free. The towels and bath robes are soft as we compared with Hilton ones side by side; but no, we didn't take them home with us.Staff: Words can't describe our appreciation of the staff. The concerige was extremely helpful. The front desk was friendly and polite without any attitude. Room service was fast and efficient. Maids clean the room everyday as if we just checked in. The doorman was full of information. Shuttle drivers were full of humor.Hotel  Restaurant: The hotel overall is great. Swimming pool has a beautiful view. The two restaurants were marvelous. The food was so delicious. The waiters' manner truely proved that they are way beyond average, but they don't have attitude at all. Even though the hotel is at the end of Waikiki strip, the hotel provides free and easy shuttles to Waikiki.Another couple went on the trip together stayed at Hilton Hawaii Village at T35XX which is the highest room in that building with ocean view. Their hotel is nice, too. However, they agree that our hotel is much more personal, and they wanted to swtich with us. This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at. We will stay there again when we go there again; of course, I would love to try out Mandarin Oriental and Turtle Bay Resort, too.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>misha_lover
<Content>Would stay there again This hotel was fabulous during our stay Sept 23 and 24, 2004. The room we got was an upgrade from the 5th to the 18th floor. It was well laid out, the bathroom very spacious and inside very quiet. We never heard one other guest the two nights we were there. As with past reviewers, we asked for an upgrade before we even left for the islands and got it without a hitch. The room overlooked the harbor and although it was a bit noisy in the morning from the cars below, it wasn't a deterrent. The bed was hard which we liked. The hotel staff was incredibly service oriented and mostly Oriental. We ate one breakfast in the restaurant and I had fried rice which was more than I could eat and very tasty. The pool was probably the cleanest pool I've ever swum in and I met many locals who had stayed there before. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How to make the most of a 3-day stay in Honolulu We just returned from a wonderful 3-night stay at Hawaii Prince Hotel in Honolulu, part of a package we purchased from Priceline. We were very happy with the large bedroom and bath. The bedroom had huge windows overlooking the lagoon where Gilligan and his crew left on their 鈥?-hour tour鈥? We were very pleased with the convenient location, the friendly, helpful staff, and how quiet the hotel was (unlike other hotels where we hear noise from people in the hallways and housekeeping making their rounds). Our vacation package included a compact car but we would never again rent a car in Honolulu. It only costs $8 for the airport bus to the hotel or, if you want to really feel pampered, you could be taken to the hotel by limo for only $25. Once at the hotel, you have the free hotel shuttle or good bus service for $2, or in only 5-10 minutes you can walk to the Ala Moana Shopping Center, Hawaii鈥檚 largest, where you have a wide variety of restaurants and shops of every kind. There is no need for a car in Honolulu and driving there is a nightmare because of one-way poorly-marked streets, road construction, and the crowds. They also have an ordinance that prohibits lighted signs displaying the name of the hotels. We went on a dinner cruise on the Dream Cruises鈥?Island Grill Dinner Dance Cruise. The price was much less than the other dinner cruises and the food was good; however, since it was called a 鈥渄inner dance鈥?cruise we anticipated dancing, but it was more of a party-type boat where 3-4 male guests were selected to don skirts and learn the hula, and 3-4 female guests were selected to spin hula hoops. Our cruise went by the Hawaiian Village Friday night fireworks display which was an added treat. One other memorable dinner was at the Top of Waikiki, a revolving restaurant on the 30th floor of the Waikiki Business Plaza, giving great ever-changing views of the city. The food and service was very good but we were surprised that most guests were dressed very casually for an upscale restaurant. Surprisingly, we had no problem getting a last-minute reservation on a Saturday night. On Saturday we took the Pearl Harbor/Circle Island tour from 6:15 AM until 4:30 PM and really feel like we saw everything. We had a very knowledgeable tour guide who had been in the travel industry for 20 years, had also been a high school teacher, and obviously loved both fields, so we learned a lot. Our lunch stop was at the Crouching Lion Inn on the north shore, which was a quaint former inn with a wide variety of delicious food. On Friday at noon we attended a concert on the grounds of the Iolani Palace by the Royal Hawaiian Band. It was so good we went to their concert again on Sunday in Kapiolani Park. From the Iolani Palace we walked to Chinatown where we were able to get beautiful fresh leis for only $4.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased! I pricelined hotels for our August 23rd - 28th trip to Oahu and was very pleased with our winning bid at the Hawaii Prince (almost 50% off of rack rates). As mentioned in other reviews, the Hawaii Prince is on the harbor and away from the tourist traffic of Waikiki...only a 15 minute walk to the Shorebird in Outrigger Reef. The staff is extremely friendly, and the rooms are clean, bright and cheery. The only con is the valet parking price of $16 per day ($11 self park). We will definately consider returning to the Hawaii Prince on our next trip to the islands.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hectorsmom
<Content>away from the crowds Just spent 6 nights at the Hawaii Prince. My husband and I are not really beach people, so the location was good. All the rooms have a marina view, and the strip area of Waikiki and beaches are easily within walking distance. There are also a multitude of shuttles available. The room was pretty big, and provided all the expected amenities (bath robes, coffee maker, mini-refrigerator) to be expected. The breakfast buffet was good. The parking lot is accessible from the hotel, though you have to change elevators or use escalators to get to the higher levels. It was fairly easy in-out parking, but get a good map because Honolulu and Waikiki have a number of one-way streets. On the whole, a very relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eehey
<Content>good hotel to stay Bid this hotel via priceline because of numerous positve review on this board and good price. Stay for 5 days, got a good ocean view room at 7 floor (Diamond tower) at first day, but found ants in both bath room and bed room. Changed to another room (Ala tower) with one king size bed which is very comfort, but lost full ocean view. Very close to Ala Moana mall and Hilton Village beach. Shuttle bus is the best way to beach and various shopping malls at wakiki.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melliepont
<Content>Gorgeous view, away from the hustle  This hotel is great. Very clean, beautiful lobby. We expected to be on the lower floors, but were surprised by getting a room on the 30th floor. I didn't miss having a balcony -- you can open up the windows if you want fresh air. The staff was courteous and never intrusive. The bathroom, like most reviewers have mentioned, is spacious  always stocked with Aveda bath products  nice fluffy towels. The beds we had were comfy and had lovely Hawaiian style quilted pillows. Yes, parking is a little over $11 in the garage, but I suppose that's the norm. I only used the spa on the facilities to get my hair done before a wedding, but it's quaint and has mostly Japanese speaking staff. Their treatments looked interesting, though. And just a 5 minute walk from Ala Moana Mall, McDonalds (spam breakfast!) and the park/beach. The best thing is being away from the Las Vegas-ish traffic  noise of the strip. Plus the shuttle is dependable, if you crave the craziness.Only thing I'd recommend for the hotel is to have a late night eatery in the hotel for your snack cravings!My hubby  I hope to go back someday. If you're looking for something sophisticated and calm, this is your hotel! Mahalo.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DrData
<Content>A Great Place to Stay This Japanese owned chain only offers rooms with sweeping views of the ocean looking across the Ali Wai marina. The rooms are excellent with nice amenities and subtle touches of elegance throughout. Service is first rate with an exceptionally helpful and accomodating desk and bell staff. Internet bargain rooms are on lower floors (5th to 9th floors) but the view is excellent. Ask for an upgrade... we were moved to the 27th floor at no increase from the Expedia rate. Food across the street at the Renaissance Ilikai is really first rate, don't miss the Kalua Pork sliders as an appetizer. For us being away from the bustle of Waikiki was a blessing (although it is an easy 10 minute walk down Ala Moana to Kalia Road through Fort De Russy or even faster along the lagoon through Hilton Hawiian Village. A better beach is the opposite direction, at Ala Moana park. Local families picnic there and you'll see the real Hawaii.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For those who want prim and proper, quiet and professional accomodations We stayed for an entire week recently, and required an above-average hotel. It must be clean, professional, quiet and polite. We've been to Honolulu before and many hotels are not so polite. They're resort hotels and as such are quite laid back and informal. We wanted something more prim and proper. Hawaii Price hit the spot perfectly. It is quiet, professional and polite. More of a convention style hotel than a resort hotel, and that is what we wanted. The room was clean, polite and professional. No mildew in the bathtub. The bathroom is above average, with a separate toilet with glass door, separate shower with glass door, and a separate bathtub. The towels had a little too much fabric softener for me, more of a soft feel than a clean feel, but that's ok. Location was ok with me, being at the west end of Waikiki, and you have to walk five min. or so to get to the west end of Waikiki beach. Check in and out was a breeze, parking facilities were good for the self parker. All in all, excellent accommodations that I can just concentrate on having a good vacation. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bay_Area_Traveler62
<Content>Wonderful Hotel The Hawaii Prince is a beautiful, serene and quiet hotel. It is understated elegance. Our room was extremely clean, spacious, and the marble bathroom is wonderful. The tub, toilet stall, shower and sink area are all separate. You feel like you are in a spa. There is a coffee maker for your use, as well as robes and slippers. Each room has a view of the boat harbor, beach, golf course. Lovely. If you are expecting to be on the beach (you are not), or if you are envisioning tiki torches, pina coladas, and live ukuleles playing, this might not be the hotel for you. It is clean, quiet and peaceful, not stereotypical Hawaii (in terms of visuals). We just checked out of the Prince today, and would definitely return. It is located within walking distance of Ala Moana Shopping Mall, so if you like to shop at the mall and prefer to be off the beaten busy path, this hotel may be right for you. You can also walk to Red Lobster, Outback Steakhouse and other nice restaurants. We come to Oahu every year, and this hotel is our favorite now!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cynluvs2travel
<Content>Wonderful Place to stay for the $$$PRICE$$$ I just got back from Hawaii and it was wonderful. I cruised for the first week and spent the second week at the Hawaii Prince. I did get the room off of Hotwire at $111.00 a night which included taxes. What a wonderful price for an ocean and beach view room. They had floor to ceiling windows that would open and what a view!!!!! The Waikiki Harbor where they filmed the opening scenes of Gilligan's Island (remember the harbor that they left on their 3 hour tour?) was right in front of us. I had asked for rooms together and that's just what I got, 2 rooms with 2 beds and nonsmoking. We also got early check in for one of the rooms, which was at 10 am since we arrived early from a cruise we were on. This gave us a place to put our things and go out on the beach. The strip was well within walking distance and one day my family (we ranged in age from 9 years to 73) and I walked all the way to the Royal Hawaiian and shopped and viewed all of the attractions. I just can't say enough great things about the room and the service we received. The rooms and bathrooms were huge. Nice big closets and a big safe in your room for valuables.We had a child along and they had a kids club for her to join and she received some free things, which she loved and they showed kid movies at night by the pool that she enjoyed too.The desk help us with booking tours and the front desk arranged taxi's for us and the beach towels were located in several places to accommodate us beach people. They did have a shuttle to the beach which was nice but we walked, very close to 2 beaches.If you stay at this hotel I don't think you will be disappointed. We did stay at another motel before our cruise and lets say I am glad we only spent on night there.Have a great time in Hawaii!!!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ARBUFL
<Content>Nice Hotel but no beach and away from the Beach We booked this hotel as part of a package deal, which was at a very good price. The hotel itself was very nice, clean and the staff was very helpful. Self-parking in the parking garage that was connected to the hotel was $11 a day if you are a guest at the hotel. I forgot how much for valet parking a day. The room that we had was cozy and nice with a view of the marina and had a mini refrigerator in it. It had a very nice bathroom with a separate toilet, tub and shower areas. It didn鈥檛 have a balcony, which would be nice. The hotel overall had a Japanese sensibility to it. I guess this hotel is popular with the Japanese because I would say the majority of the guests were Japanese.The hotel was great but I thought the location sucked. It was easy to get to from the airport but it was too far from the Wakiki strip to walk on over but the hotel did have a shuttle that ran over there free of charge every hour or so, but in only ran from noon to 10pm. You really can鈥檛 drive to the strip because finding parking is a major pain so you are left with taking a taxi if you want to go to the strip in the mornings or stay out later than 10pm. The Hawaii Prince was not on the beach, but there is a very small beach about a 5-minute walk away and Ala Moana Park about a 15-minute walk away.Overall a very nice hotel with very friendly staff, easy to get to and no problem with parking but there are no balconies, it is not on the beach, and the beach close by is very small and it is too far from the strip to walk to. Of course you would have to pay more, to get a hotel on the beach or on the strip, so the Hawaii Prince is a great hotel and a great value, just as long as you don鈥檛 mind being away from the a beach or the strip.The Hawaii Prince was $170 a night and the Sheraton Moana Surfrider where my friend stayed was $195 a night which was right on the strip and on the beach.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>She's got the aloha spirit After a 25 year absence from Honolulu (having lived there from 1968-78), I was a bit uncertain as to where to take my wife to stay for her 50th birthday and her first visit to Hawaii. After researching the web I settled on the Prince. I knew it would be out of the midst of the Waikiki bustle but still close to the things we wanted to during our short (1 week) visit.The choice couldn't have been better. The staff, the amenities, the overall mood of the facility spoke volumes of aloha. My wife was thoroughly delighted and can hardly wait to return to Hawaii, although we will probably visit the Big Island on our next trip. We intend on staying at the Prince resort on the Kona coast.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I loved it. Great view of the ocean/marina. Tranquil compared to the rest of Waikiki as it is located to the far west end of the strip. I had a rental car and it was easy to get in and out of the area. It is located next to the Ala Moana Beach Park - great for jogging, nice beach used by locals that is way less crowded than the Waikiki beach. The room was very clean, very spacious. The marble bathroom was huge - the toilet, shower are each walled off separately from the tub  sink.Very quiet at night. I was there during golden week, so the place was dominated by Japanese. They are very quiet and dignified, and their children are very well-behaved. Across the street there is Aloha Sushi - great place for very very cheap takeout sushi - nice for a quick bite.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince was first rate. We read many hotel reviews before picking the Prince. It was the perfect choice. To run as smoothly as it does the mangement and staff have to be good. pleasent attitudes with the prompt can't help you enough spirit. The rooms are wonderful and the frankly ( as some other reviews have mentioned also) we thought the marble baths were upscale from the norm. This hotel is not in the middle of Waikiki but at the begining of the strip-for some of us that is a plus. Food prices in the dining room are high, but so is most of Oahu. Visit the deli at the hotel. For breakfast visit Sam Choy near Hilo Hatties.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place I just returned from my trip to Hawaii. I stayed at the Prince from March 16th to 20th. This hotel was excellent. I booked my room through one of the available online services. Make sure to use any of the services to book your room since the rates are less than the hotel will offer. The property is great compared to other hotels in Waikiki. I found being away from the main drag to be very nice feature. I stayed at another resort after the Prince and the area was very busy. There were police sirens and ambulance sirens all night. With the Prince being off the direct main drag it is very quite and relaxing. I would reccomend this hotel to those seeking a relaxing luxurious room. For those who want the hustle bustle this place is not for you.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonBackBayer
<Content>Amazing This was probably the nicest hotel room I ever stayed in and at a bargain price, who can complain. The hotel is about 1 mile or less from the Waikiki nightlife, but that area seems very Atlantic City-like to me. The Hawaii Prince is what Hawaii should be about...beautiful rooms all with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the harbor, with no obstructing large buildings to block any view. The bathroom was larger than some NYC apartments and had a separate shower and separate bath, so 2 people can get ready at the same time. Free water and welcome gift of dried fruit to boot!The bell boys were the nicest and the front desk staff were also nice. The room s were immaculate and by immaculate I mean sparkling white bed spreads that I had no problem sitting on top of the bed ot letting the bed spread touch me while I was sleeping...this is a big deal if you knew how germ phobic I am.The Japanese did dominate the hotel and are not a friendly bunch, but don't take it personally cause I noticed they do not greet each other either!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>one_lucky_guy-21
<Content>A worthy 4 Star! The Hawaii Prince is almost a great hotel. My wife and I stayed for 2 days after the Prince accepted our bid on Priceline. ($100/night) We were offered a suite upon check in for an additional $50 but we spend so little time in our room it wasn't worth it to us.We were given a room on the 11th floor which afforded us a nice enough view. Every room does overlook the ocean and the Ala Wai Yacht Harbor. This is kind of nice because you can check out a lot of the different boats when you tire of looking at the ocean.The room itself was nicely appointed with a king size bed, 2 sitting chairs, a refrigerator with complimentary water, coffee maker (with coffee and condiments), and high speed internet hook up if you so desired. The marble bathroom was clean although our shower did drain slowly. We were told upon leaving that it would be fixed.The staff was very friendly and treated us fine. The hotel does offer a shuttle bus into the heart of Waikiki that leaves every half hour and makes 4 stops to save you some walking if that is what you wish. The location of this hotel has its plusses and minuses. If you are attending a convention or like to shop at Ala Moana you can't get much closer. If you prefer to be in the heart of Waikiki then you have about a 1/2 to 2/3 mile walk. There is no beach out the back doors (as stated above, you are next to the Marina). So this requires a 5-10 minute walk to the Hilton or Ala Moana park. The only other thing we were not real impressed with was the pool area. There is a pool and jacuzzi on the 5th floor of the hotel. There is not a lot of chairs and it was a bit windy around the pool area so this discouraged us from spending much time around the pool.Overall, I still think this is a nice hotel (especially if you go through Priceline and get a discount compared to the rates of $170-300 that I found browsing the net). It is a 4 Star property that is worthy of its rating. Good rooms, nice staff, and some nice extra's offered. Aloha!!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely stay at the Hawaii Prince my only regret is that we only stayed for one night!my husband and i thought this was a great hotel. the room was large, clean and very comfortable. had luxurious triple sheeting on bed, no blanket touching you that other hotel guests before you have used. every staff member from valet to bell boy to front desk, extremely pleasant, always using your name with Mr/Mrs. very nice touch. compare to royal hawaiian hotel, where front desk clerk made mention, rather loudly, that with priceline resv. you get the bottom of the categories.reserved HPrince with hotwire, front desk clerk said, room is prepaid, did not make big production that you were receiving a bargain basement price!the view of the harbour/ocean was amazing and the huge bathroom a real plus.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaiian_baby_808
<Content>Locals Love This Hotel Too! We have stayed in hotels in several countries and other states and the Hawaii Prince Hotel is one of the best values anywhere. This is not a five star hotel . . . if you want five star accomodations in Honolulu, stay at the Halekulani or the Kahala Mandarin, which we have and you do pay dearly for the five stars. If you're looking for the best value in a Waikiki hotel between $150 - $200, this is the place. Although we live in Honolulu, we make it a point to stay at the Prince at least twice a year, one of which has to be during the Christmas season to shop at Ala Moana Center which is within walking distance. The staff is the best and the dining options good. I've seen the reviews that this hotel caters to Japanese tourists, but in all our stays at the Prince we have met people from all over the world which tells me that this hotel matches the needs and tastes of a diverse group. The hotel does not front the beach, but one of the best beaches (next to the Hilton) is such a short walk away. The rooms are clean, quiet and well maintained. Some are starting to show wear, but it never bothered us. If you get a chance to choose a room with the breakfast option, consider it. The breakfast buffet spread is awesome (10x better than the ones we've seen in Europe or on the mainland). We will continue to highly recommend this hotel to friends and family when in town. It's the best value!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tedge
<Content>The best hotel in Honolulu Travellers take note - you will be hard-pressed to find a better hotel in all of Honolulu than The Hawaii Prince. Even the cheapest rooms (which start on the fifth floor and all face the serene Ala Moana Yacht Harbor) gaurantee a great view. No other hotel in Honolulu/Waikiki can offer so much. We recently returned from our honeymoon there and were so upset to leave. Our room was great, the pool was wonderful (especially at sunset), the lobby was welcoming and upscale, and the staff is simply unbelievable. We were treated like royalty. The Hawaii Prince offers free shuttle service to Waikiki Beach, the Duty-Free shopping center, and The International Marketplace. No other hotel offers a free shuttle and it is extremely convenient. You can walk virtually anywhere in Waikiki, but the shuttle does help after a long day. The hotel also features three great restraunts, but just around the corner from it are plethora of other great places to eat! To top it off, every room in the hotel features an ocean view, a marble bathroom, and floor-to-ceiling windows. You really won't believe how great of a place this is until you check it out yourselves. Booking through Expedia and other online places will gaurantee the best rates... but whatever you pay will be worth it. This hotel makes a vacation to Hawaii just that much better.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Overnight Hotel - Great Value! We stayed just one night here and were quite impressed. We had the lowest quality room and still were happy to have stayed at the Prince. The hotel staff really understand Hawaiian hospitality and service. Join the Prince Preferred and often you are upgraded -- we weren't here but we were at another property in Maui. We paid a low price +/- $115 and received great value! We usually stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village (preferred) but they would not accept a reservation for less than 4 days and we were just transitting to other islands overnight. If you are staying here for more than a couple of days you may want to reconsider because this hotel is more of a high end convention hotel versus a vacation resort. If we need a short term stay again and the Hilton were unavailable we would stay at the Prince again without any hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel Based on the reviews here, we decided on this hotel as it seemed to be low-key (not loud or busy) and the best value. We stayed almost two weeks and we thought it was great! All rooms have a view of the marina, great for watching the sun set. The bathroom was excellent, so well designed. The beach in front of the Hilton is a few minutes walk, though we mostly walked over to the main beach (we walked a lot to stay in shape instead of taking the buses or trolleys). The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. The gym (two converted hotel rooms) was also nice, clean, with modern equipment.We wouldn't recommend the hotel as a great place to hang out, more like a place to rest after a full day of fun.We recommend a nearby restaurant called Tanaka of Tokyo. We had never been to a Japanese steak house before, but we were thoroughly impressed. Had the best dinner there. The Chart House wasn't so good.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dfarr
<Content>Great savings through Priceline.com We spent two nights at the Hawaii Prince prior to flying up to Kauai for 10 days. Our stay in Waikiki was for sightseeing purposes only; we planned on spending beach time once we got to Kauai. The Hawaii Prince served very well for this purpose considering our $89/night rate through Priceline. The Priceline rate was for floors 5-9, but I asked for a higher room at check-in and we were given an ocean view room on the 24th floor. The rack rate for this room was $390. We were very pleased with our room for what we paid but would have expected a bit more if we paid the full price. The shuttle is convenient, making only 4 stops per trip, but it does not start running until 12 PM. The Prince is very quiet compared to the other Waikiki hotels we visited. So if youre looking for a nice, clean and quiet place to stay and you dont need direct beach access the Prince will serve you well and is a bargain at the Priceline rate.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catgetsdown
<Content>The Prince really does treat you like family! The Hawaii Prince is one of my favorite hotels - anywhere. I travel too much and have stayed in the Hiltons, Marriotts and Embassys. The difference with the Prince is that the staff are genuinely there to make your visit comfortable. There is no attitude or 'unapproachability'- everyone is friendly and goes out of their way to take care of you. Example - I was staying 3 days for business and 3 day with my family joining me. I asked to be moved to adjoining rooms when my family arrived. The management said we'd be more comfortable in a suite and offered to move me into the suite, same price as two rooms, when my family arrived. And - the bathrooms are enormous and gorgeous! I like space in a room and the rooms are large; the bathrooms - extra large. Very, very comfortabe, and very very clean.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth A lot, Just Not As Much As They Charge.... Definitely utilize the concierge while you are at the Hawaii Prince. They booked all of our shuttles and side trips. The inside information and rates they were able to get for us were invaluable.We'd also advise you to keep your do not disturb sign up on your door as we found hotel staff (NOT housekeeping) in our room twice, once in using our toilet. The man of the toilet incident didn't announce himself till I (a female) was half undressed either. Management was quick to apologize, and that was appreciated. Still an ick moment.The room views are magnificent. Our room had a huge stain on the ceiling and the upholstery on our dressing seat was worn clean through. For the price, I expected exquisiteness, not shabbiness. We also requested a non-smoking room and it had most definitely been smoked in, and more than once. If you are sensitive or have allergies, beware. Non-smoking seems to be strictly a title.The staff at the hotel were fabulous. We were treated with great respect and friendliness. Worth a lot, just not sure it's worth $300+ a night.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sk84fungirl
<Content>Good value and very comfortable Just returned from three night stay at the Prince.Nice reserved hotel. Perfect for me as I'm not into loud colors and a lot of noise. Great location. Caters heavily to the Japanese population. Rooms are nice and well-kept. Had a room w/two double beds in the Diamond Head tower overlooking the Harbor. Great deal for under $100 via Priceline. Staff was very courteous and accomodating. Shuttle runs to Waikiki from noon until about 10 p.m.Located next to Ala Moana park, 1 block from Ala Moana shopping center, around the corner from HHV, and a 5-10 minute walk to Waikiki beach and shopping area.Recommend this hotel if you book via priceline. Would not pay list price.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Upscale We first spent a week at the Maui Prince, then flew to Honolulu to spend a second week at the Hawaii Prince. Both hotels are very formal, but comfortable. This is NOT a Disney family vacation spot. It is quiet and reserved. The activities center around the koi ponds and spas, not paintball and skateboarding.The majority of the guests are Japanese. Although the staff is bilingual, most guests are not.Our view from each hotel was breathtaking. We were pampered and every whim was satisfied. I felt it was worth the mid 300's per night pricetag.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just returned home from a vacation in Hawaii I dont understand the peoples enthusiasm about the marbled bathrooms at this hotel. The bathroom was good but not spectacular. The room was good but again nothing to write home about. I would prefer to keep the window opened at night but the a/c compressor was too noisy to be able to sleep. Therefore, there was no other choice but to close the window and switch on the a/c. My white swimming shirt disappeared from the room. It could be that the service lady accidentally picked it up with the sheets. It happens and was no big deal except finding another one at a store took some time. The staff was good. I like to walk so the distance to the main area of Waikiki or the beach was perfectly fine. Despite the location of the hotel they still charge for the parking. Would I stay at the Hawaii Prince again? Yes. Would I like to try another place? Definitely.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L&LChicago
<Content>Fabulous place to stay Our stay at the Hawaii Prince surpassed all our expectations. We just returned and I could hardly wait to write a review. The room was great - marble bathroom lovely. The staff was excellent. Everything was extremely clean. The location was perfect. We wouldn't want to stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaii Prince Treats You Like Royalty   showReview(1283052, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!   showReview(1272965, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern, High-Rise Hotel with Very Good Staff   showReview(1235673, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant hotel in Hawaii   showReview(1107558, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Larryo
<Content>Hawaii Prince   showReview(1106689, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChezTom
<Content>Very nice, but pool too windy   showReview(1032583, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, But Far From Beach   showReview(1030961, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hawaii Prince Hotel   showReview(985521, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply elegant   showReview(835733, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy and Upscale   showReview(744600, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉ㄣ儍銉堛儚銉笺儛銉笺儞銉ャ兗   showReview(22855368, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>525arabia
<Content>銈儵銉偄銉奡C鑷宠繎锛?#x201d;   showReview(20883956, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>锝嶏絽锝囷絹锝冿綀锝夛綊锝?> 锝嶏絽锝囷絹锝冿綀锝夛綊锝?</a> </div>
<Content>銉愩偣銉兗銉犮亴銈偣銈广儭   showReview(20819600, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仚   showReview(19171891, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐愯粖鍫淬亴绌恒亜銇︺亜銈嬨伄銇с儵銉冦偔銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170701, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚℃牸浠ヤ笂銇尽鍊ゃ亴銇傘倞銇俱仚   showReview(19170653, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜哄悜銇戙仹銇欍伃   showReview(19169969, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇汇仺銈撱仼鏃ユ湰姘楀垎   showReview(19169488, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰瑾炪仹銇傘伒銈屻仸銈?#x201d;   showReview(19168771, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄儚銉偆   showReview(19168317, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>杌娿仹銇Щ鍕曘伀鏈€閬?#x201d;   showReview(19166654, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ€€銉椼儶銉炽偣銆€銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165980, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶忎紤銇?#x201d;   showReview(19165884, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇椼仸婊炲湪   showReview(19164284, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屻亶銈屻亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19162220, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴峰鏃呰銇屽垵銈併仸銇с倐瀹夊績   showReview(19162157, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19161831, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11335480, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔涓績閮ㄣ亱銈夐洟...   showReview(19927560, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏄ㄥ勾銇紪鏈堛伀锛旀硦瀹挎硦...   showReview(19927034, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曘仺瑷€銇ｃ仸銈傘€佹棩鏈汉...   showReview(19925032, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>纰恒亱銇皯銇楀銈屻仧銇ㄣ亾...   showReview(19923859, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩倧銈嗐倠銉偆銈偔銇嬨倝...   showReview(19920921, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇儜銉冦偗鏃呰銇犮仯...   showReview(19920445, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐝惧湴銇綇銈撱仹銇勩倠浜恒伀...   showReview(19920197, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑸┖鍒搞仺銉涖儐銉紙鎸囧畾...   showReview(19920099, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛曟硦锛楁棩銇梾琛屻仹锛戯紣...   showReview(19917220, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

