<Author>title63dick
<Content>No longer a Wyndham  Went to Nawlins for New Years Eve, which i've done many times  I've stayed at the Bourbon Orleans 3-4 times now. Its no longer a Wyndham  when it was ran by Wyndham the service made up for the old opinion of the hotel. The hotel is a typical Nawlins hotel on Bourbon complete with antique furniture, musty smell, etc, but for Nawlins the rooms are big. Arrived on New Years Eve, there was a line of disgruntled guests who's rooms weren't ready and it was after 3pm. They were having to wait on rooms and not happy. I lucked out and got a room, but of course not the room I had reserved and it was a handicapped room. The front desk staff was rude and not accomodating at all, especially some black lady who's name started with a K had the I don't care attitude.Its a good location on Bourbon, but if you wan't nice rooms with a responsible staff, go to the Iberville Suites, Omni or somewhere with a responsible staff!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>tellingitlikeitis111
<Content>Eh, okay This hotel is very old...and dated. The beds are very uncomfortable, as are the pillows and linens (so scratchy). The plumbing is so old it makes all kinds of noises all over the hotel. If a person three doors down was showering, we knew about it!The lobby is okay, with nice chandeliers...but needs CLEANING. The furniture is so old it has crease marks.The only plus is that the hotel is on bourbon street and if you get a balcony room you can look at all the drunk morons fighting and puking in the street. Another thing to remember- there is a club in the hotel lobby and the music is LOUD. I couldnt sleep a wink friday or saturday because of all the thumping. a higher floor probably would have helped!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>LRMChicago
<Content>Great location, cute hotel, but haunted! I was traveling for work and received a comp hotel room here. I was very happy with the location. There is a great bar with a beautiful courtyard across the street, a wonderful French store around the corner, and entertainment all around. The rooms are very small, the customer service is so-so. Lots of character though. Good local Community Coffee in the lounge. Overall I slept well and enjoyed the hotel but it is haunted. I had NO idea until I came home, told people about the unexplained and very strange experiences I had there, and looked it up. Apparently it's one of the most haunted hotels in the world. And I stayed on the 6th floor. Yeah- you guessed it, the most haunted floor, an old infirmary of a orphanage. I am so glad I didn't know while I was staying there because ignorance is bliss with these sort of things! Fascinating.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>lenne1234
<Content>Overrated!!! Spent 2 nights at this overated hotel. Great location for a stay in the French Quarter. We had 10 couples staying for a wedding and each couple had a completely different size room for the same price??? One room was extremely tiny, others were huge - all for the same price. Front desk personnel were horrible!!! Arrived to find no phone in our room. Requested 3 times to have one placed in the room to no avail. Left the hotel without a phone and no service recovery from anyone. The front desk could have cared less. There is a club attached to the premises and the music reverberates throught the entire first floor. DO NOT STAY ON THE FIRST FLOOR. Also, the outside rooms are extremely noisy due to the location at the corner of Bourbon  Orleans, so be wary if you want to go to bed early. You can request an inside room which does help, but stay off of the first floor due to the club noise. Decent restaurant although a bit pricy. Can do better in the Quarter. The only reason I would stay again would be their location but it may just be worth it to find another locale and find transporation into the Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>kgros
<Content>Mixed review We celebrated my husband's 60th birthday and I had booked 4 rooms. We had problems with the final billing for 3 of those bills. I received an internet rate of $64 a night, but the bill indicated $127 and we were charged for a valet service that we did not have for one room. Check your billing statement.Also, the rooms were very small and our view was the room of the building next store, but for $64 I can't complain.On the other hand, great location and the staff are very nice.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tm-travels
<Content>Good location, but not much else Got a great price on our stay at the Bourbon Orleans, and I was hoping the few positive reviews would match our experience. We got checked in okay, if a little slow. The lobby is very nice, and the room seemed very nice as well when we got into it. One lamp didn't work; there was a stain on the carpet; the shower knobs were broken. This is all stuff I can deal with and be happy with in a hotel where the location is so great (and it really is great). But the bed was horribly uncomfortable - just hard matresses. And then there is the noise. I am not talking about street noise either. Our room was facing St. Ann (back of the hotel). Yes, we could hear a din of noise from Bourbon Street partiers until late hours... but this wasn't really loud of intrusive. It was more of a dull background sound that I had no problem sleeping through. The noise from INSIDE the hotel was so much worse. The maids start banging on doors between 7:30 and 8:00 - looking for people who are checking out - and until 9:00, they are constantly slamming doors up and down the hallway. I have never heard anything like it!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Ballynac
<Content>Great hotel in superb location This is a really nice hotel in the most central location you will find in the French Quarter of New Orleans. The hotel is situated on the corner of Bourbon and Orleans Street. We stayed in one of the Courtyard facing rooms and there was complete peace and quite. You would never know that Bourbon St was right outside the building. The building itself is really beautiful and in good condition. The rooms are a very decent size and the bathroom is great. The decor in the rooms is slightly dated though, but other than that, the rooms are great. The staff were nice and friendly. The pool area is very nice, though the pool itself is one of those that goes from being 5ft deep to being 8ft deep in the space of about 6 inches so watch out for that! Also, for central New Orleans, the rate was fantastic and the staff were very helpful at getting us the cheapest rate.The only reason to fault this hotel is that they charged us $30 a night for valet parking, but our car was actually just parked on the street outside the hotel the entire time! Seemed like quite a rip off really!Generally though, this hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>suzieq27
<Content>Loved our stay and centrally located in the French Quarter!       Center court with pool  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marklyn
<Content>Nice hotel, nice staff, clean rooms and ghostly good! We've stayed at the Bourbon Orleans several times over the years and always enjoyed our stay; particularly for the location. Yes, the outside rooms can be a little noisy but lots of hotels in/near Bourbon street can be that way. Request an inside room (courtyard view) instead. We've never had a real problem regarding noise. Staff are always nice and hotel is clean with normal signs of wear and tear.Our rooms have always been above average in size (larger usually) and we always leave the hotel feeling we got a value for the location and amenities. This hotel is supposed to be one of the more 'haunted' places in the area/New Orleans. We've never really paid attention to that; however, on our last visit we left less skeptical!Our room was an outside room and we regularly heard what sounded like a door slam coming from the air conditioning system and it always happened when we tried to take a nap or go to bed at night. It was random but occurred all through the night. I got up and checked to be sure the air conditioning wasn't the problem, and could see no reason for the slamming. There were no guests adjacent to us and nothing was going on outside (particularly in the wee hours of the morning). It was the same door slam sound throughout the night.This happened for the two nights we stayed. I jokingly complained to the hotel staff during checkout that we either had a ghost slamming a door or they needed to look behind the wall where the air conditioning was. They didn't laugh like it was a joke and, interesting enough, other staff were interested in hearing more about it.Did we experience a haunting? Don't know but coming from someone who usually takes the 'logical' side of a problem to explain something, I'm a bit less skeptical now.Regardless, I'd stay at this hotel again with no reservation!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TXtoNO
<Content>Was great room for great price This was one of my best stays in New Orleans. This was our first time back since Katrina, me and my wife were going every year before that. The hotel staff was great. I got a good deal from there web site and the room was clean and ready upon arrival. The only complaint I had was that the waitress I had were not very good, the one that filled the coffee were fine but my actual waitress only came to the table twice ( to take my order and then to bring it)  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>YankeeinTX
<Content>Disgusting bed Sheets and Terrible service Check in was at 4pm and our room was not ready. We had to wait an hour and ask them again if the room was ready. The sheets had Pubic hair all over them after the room was made up. We had them put new sheets with less hair on them. Wife refused to use the top sheets. The next day when they made up the room it was discusting again. Now if you like other people hair on your sheets and pillows,this is your dump.I raise my voice and checked out. They decide not to charge me for another night because they didn't want me upset their new customers more.Run away don't walk  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>JandBtrips
<Content>Someone made a hotel just for me...       2nd floor room - vanity  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>safety86
<Content>Not What It Used to Be I've stayed at the Bourbon Orleans many times in the past. In fact, I have posted several good reviews of this hotel.Since it is no longer a Wyndham, it has taken a turn for the worse. While booking through Wyndham, I always got a great room, free internet and other amenities. Since they are no longer with Wyndham, I received probably the smallest room that I've ever stayed in (complete with a scenic view of a nasty service alley between buildings), they've removed the in-room safes, and now charge for the internet. In addition, the front desk staff are not too polite or helpful. There are two things the Bourbon Orleans have going for it now: a wonderful concierge and the location.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>mstFla
<Content>Great Location Great location...I contacted the property directly and booked a king size balcony room facing Orleans. No problems with my reservation.If noise bothers you I recommend that you book and interior room, you can hear the noise from the crowds outside. The room was clean, though you can see the wear and tear of the rug. You could also hear anyone that passed by your room, and the housekeepers talking.The front desk was not overly friendly, (not rude). Door men were always there to open the door for us.Did not use the pool but it looked liked the guests were enjoying themselves.We would return to this hotel.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>Emm781
<Content>Just okay My husband and I go to New Orleans every year to attend JazzFest. Last year we stayed at the Bourbon Orleans, which at the time was a Wyndham Hotel. We enjoyed it so much last year that we decided to stay there again this year. However, it should be noted that this hotel is no longer part of the Wyndham group, and has gone downhill since last year.The hotel nearly triples its rates for JazzFest, as do all of the other hotels, airlines, etc... because they can. So what would ordinarily be a $99 a night room was now a $249 a night room (using the JazzFest discount!). Our room was very small, with a queen bed, desk and office chair. No other chair, and really nowhere to sit anyway. I walked by the bed and whacked my ankle on something. When we looked, it appeared that the box spring had not been placed on the frame correctly, causing the metal frame to be exposed. Since it was under the bedskirt, I did not see it. I had an enormous bruise that still hurts more than 2 weeks later. The phone did not work. There was no safe in the room. They used to have safes in the rooms, as do all hotels where I've stayed in New Orleans. But the safes have now been removed, and valuables can be stored in a safe behind the front desk. Very inconvenient. So those are the reasons the hotel was not as nice this year as last.There are two great points about this hotel. One is that it is in a wonderful location. It's within easy walking distance of the heart of the French Quarter, Jackson Square, anywhere we wanted to be. And a major asset at the Bourbon Orleans Hotel is their concierge, Ron LaGaie. He knew everything about the city, made dining recommendations, gave us discount coupons for tours we wanted to take... He appears to love his job, and when I asked how long he'd been there, he told us this is his 19th year as concierge at this hotel. He makes up for some of what is lacking in the hotel.All in all, we would stay there again because of the location, but losing the Wyndham name has caused some noticeable changes in the Bourbon Orleans Hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Twistidfunk
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever This place was an absolute nightmare to deal with. I was in a group of 4 and they gave us a single bed, knowing we had a reservation for 4 people. They said, we are booked to which I responded, we have a reservation. Here is my reservation number, here is my date of the reservation. It did not matter to them because they said it was through bookit.com. The place was booked through bookit.com and I also do not recommend them in any fashion. It did not matter to them because they said it was through bookit.com. They refused to give us a cot because it would block the door, even if we moved the furniture around. Both Bourbon Orleans and Bookit.com kept putting blame on one another but in the end we stayed one night because we spent 4 hrs. being put on hold and arguing. We used AMEX to pay for the room so we called and cancelled the payments for the remaining nights, which were 3 of them.We ended up staying at the Marriot which had a room twice the size, a better view of the qtr, open bar on the top floor, and only 5 blocks form the Bourbon Orleans. I also saw a rat by the elevator of the Bourbon Orleans. The bathroom was in very poor shape also. I don't know if it was my room only but from the way they treated guests, I can see it carries over to the upkeep of the rooms.Overall impression was horrible. If I was a visitor for the first time I would have a very sour impression of New Orleans, thankfully, I had been to the city before and it did not ruin my love for New Orleans.Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. Sure the location is nice but the rooms are small, trust me, they are nothing special kinda like a motel 8, and the rates are ridiculous because it is on Bourbon St. Do yourself a favor and save the disappointment and go somewhere else.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jenniferBrisbane
<Content>Spoilt our trip ! Think twice. We travelled extensively throughout the United States during April and early May, and this hotel was the worst experience and spoilt the New Orleans portion of our trip.Do not rely on any promises about rooms if you book on the internet at this hotel. We booked and paid through the internet months ago (bookit.com) and arrived at this beautiful hotel which is let down completely by very poor management.The hotel itself is beautiful and wonderfully positioned. However, after traveling from the north to the south on Amtrak and arriving here exhausted, we expected to really enjoy the luxury portrayed. On presenting our paperwork from bookit.com to counter staff, she said our room which we had been promised was not available. We asked to see what was available, and it was very smelly and small. We said that we were not getting what we had paid for (which was supposed to be deluxe or better, and asked to speak to the manager. Receptionist said that the Customer Relations Manager was in a meeting. We waited nearly TWO hours at the desk exhausted, for someone to come to see us. Finally the Customer Relations Manager came out of the meeting and she was extremely cold. Just told us she couldn't help us as the promised room wasn't available. There was no apology, no attention, no compromise, not even a smile. She told us to take it up with bookit.com. We finally accepted a room that was available but was sub-standard and was not what we had paid for months ago. During the two hour wait for nothing, there were other people also upset about their rooms and wanting to talk to someone.The supposed available internet was a waste of time. You couldn't access your emails. On questioning staff about this, we were told they would do something tomorrow!! We witnessed many frustrated guests trying to access emails as most travellers rely on this. This was never rectified, and we heard that the system had actually been set up within the hotel so that you couldn't open emails and read them - probably so that the two computers were not tied up and used !! !!The hotel was being painted externally, and we were woken up at 7 a.m. some mornings with painters tapping on the windows scratching off old paint. The first morning we were woken early (8 a.m. approx) by housekeeping asking us if we had used anything from the bar fridge !!! Porters/bell boys were helpful and efficient and room service was good.We do not recommend this hotel, unless you are desperate for a central position.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>westtexgeo
<Content>Location is Key If you're looking for a spot smack dab in the middle of the Quarter, this is the place. A great location within walking distance of all the sites, with one side facing Bourbon St. The room itself was nothing special, pretty much what you'd expect. We didn't use the pool, located in an enclosed courtyard, but given the time, and a few more degrees, it would have been welcome. Don't expect free wireless, though there is a couple free-to-use PCs in the lobby. Parking is expensive ($20/day), but parking is a premium in the whole area. It was actually nice to let the valets take care of it...just give them about 10-15 minutes warning before you actually want to leave, since your car will be parked at one of two off-location lots, one 14 blocks away. Didn't try the hotel restaurant as there was plenty of other establishments to choose from in the area. Nothing outstanding, but wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>2savvy-shopper
<Content>Rooms incredibly noisy but beautiful ballroom We went to a beautiful wedding there last weekend. The room was decent sized for NOLA, but there were several problems.The worst were the paper-thin walls, if you're a light sleeper or don't party until the early hours, this is not the place for you. We heard every noise our neighbors made, even regular conversations carried through the walls. Also, even though our room was non-smoking, it smelled like it had been a smoking room for the past 30 years. We bought a fabreeze candle and it only partially helped with the odor. Finally there were other problems with the room such as the safe was not functioning (which is pretty important in a city like NO) and the cordless phone also didn't work. The swimming pool was not heated and mostly in the shade, so unless you go in the full heat of summer, its too chilly to swim.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>theta918
<Content>great for party not for privacy stayed here for a wedding. Great location to restaurants and bars, in the heart of the French quarter. The service however could be better. The front desk did not have maps handy and few knew their way around town. Room service knocked on our door three times before 9:30am on Sunday morning. The walls and doors are paper thin so we heard all hallway conversations and the discussions the couple next door had. The valet and bell boys were polite and prompt. There are other hotels near the action with better service, insulation and similar price.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>StephG13
<Content>Pleasant Stay       Our room at the Bourbon Orleans  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SacTraveler1
<Content>NEVER AGAIN TRY ANOTHER HOTEL FIRST. We must have had the same server in the hotel restaurant that the previous reviewer had!! She also had issues with timely serving. When our breakfast order (for 4) was finely taken and farrived, we had to remind her about the cream for our coffee yet again. When it was delivered in a chipped one serving pitcher, we were told to share it); told us to get the jellies from the next vacant table (when asking about jam) and that she had to handle room service next--perhaps making this her excuse for poor service?!! I think management may be short on staff and are putting the wrong people in the wrong jobs due to labor shortages right now? We had a confirmed reservation number for a king bed, but upon check-in, computer said queen, and there was no changing that--sorry! So we paid king rates for a queen bed because the computer said there was a king bed in the room?!! This was really irritating as the hotel had availability and their internet server had a spring special going on, as well as an advertised queen rate. Never called and offered to move us, even upon asking of king availability (due to the fact the computer said we had a king room??) They didn't even come down and check the room to see--very strange!! Employee attitude was poor. At the beginning of our stay, we kept trying to explain ourselves and ask for a manager, we were informed we had been speaking to the manager (one of the desk help)(?!). We were only staying 3 nights, and didn't want to fight with staff the entire trip, so quit even trying as the frustration would ruin the trip. Room service order arrived incorrectly (no croissants that day) so delivered what they wanted, no call to see what else we'd like (we didn't dare wait and see how long it would take to correct the order--so ate it as is). Its a shame, cause the room we had (looking at the pool) was quiet and nicely furnished, great location, but I'd never stay there again.....if you do, get everything in writing prior to your stay, don't rely on the confirmation number.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimmie
<Content>Location, Location, Location - Loved the Bourbon Orleans       From our balcony  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Spaztek99
<Content>NIGHTMARE! First, our room was right by the second floor bar, and we had loud dance music blaring all night, plus drunk people trying to hook up right outside our door. We called security, but no avail. We were up every two hours both nights asking people to please go elsewhere. It was like staying outside a very loud brothel. Next, parking was $30 a night, something the hotel does not tell you until you are there with no choice. Even the Marriott only charges $10 a night for valet. Next, the $16 a head buffet breakfast (biscuits and fruit) was worth maybe $8 in New Orleans, and we were disappointed, when the table next to us was informed that waffles, omelets, pancakes, and French toast were also available with the buffet. When we asked our server, she said, Oh, yeah, well, I'm busy, I gotta do room service, too, and I didn't want to bother with you. It really set a terrible tone to our day. Finally, we were double charged for our room (charged twice the rate we were quoted, and I confirmed that rate when I checked in). When I asked the desk, I was told, Well, honey, we got your credit card number. Your only choice is do you want this credit card charged, or do you want to give me another one? I tried to talk to the manager, I tried everything, but I had been taken. Honestly, I go to New Orleans a lot, and I would recommend one of the well known hotels on Canal or a BB in the Marigny. This hotel has a great location, but it is a pit of thieves.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>maddeline
<Content>Pretty Good Hotel Just stayed at the Bourbon Orleans for a girls weekend. We lucked out and got an amazing 2 story room for 3 of us with a huge balcony! the other members of our group got a standard room which was fine as well.The rooms are on the older side.. i mean, dont expect anything fancy- but the rates are rather low. the location is great- really in the thick of things.. which also means very loud- even on the 3rd floor-- but it is new orleans and the french quarter!The great things about this place are that the they have 2 computers with free printing in the lobby, and the concierge is very nice and helpful. The not so great : the pool is a bit gross and all the lounge chairs are broken and dirty, they dont seem to have enough maids to clean all the rooms everyday -- we heard lots of complains of people whose rooms didnt get cleaned each day.besides that a good location and an easy affordable place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	3	3	5	

<Author>ChefGurl
<Content>Broom Closet or Room? First time ever using bookit.com - we booked three rooms at the same time, one for my 12 year old and I, one for my mom and aunt and one for my cousin and her husband. Their rooms were fantastic, great - however, our room was twenty dollars more and I was given the smallest room I have ever rented (I lived in europe, so I know small) with a double bed. It was also the farthest room in the hotel to walk to. I specifically booked a Queen Suite, the hotel said sorry, but you didn't book with us and we can use our discretion when placing a guest in a room through a travel site. I think it was because I had a child with me. But the staff was inconsiderate when I asked if I could have a rollaway but they said the room was too small. Ridiculous. They told me they would change rooms the next day as there were no available rooms for the first night - not only did that not happen, but - the room next to my mothers was vacant the entire time (I asked the maid) and it was the room type we requested.Nothing was offered to fix our problem and nobody made any apologies.I have stayed at the Bourbon Orleans before and loved it. So this was an isolated incident and everyone else had a fantastic room/time... But if you are traveling with children for any reason, avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>MathiasStockholm
<Content>Beautiful Bourbon Orleans Me and my wifes fist time in New Orleans occured in May 2001.We decided to book Bourbon Orleans for a 4 night stay.We fell in love! The staff took care of us from the moment we stepped into the Hotel. We had a standard room, Very nice with victorian decor. We loved our room.Hotel is located directly in the French Quarter district were all the action and fun takes place. But best thing of all is, whenever you feel like taking it easy and relax, just go back to Bourbon Orleans and enjoy the nice inviting pool in the courtyard. It was absolutley fantastic. We did bring home nice memories from this hotel and the whole city.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>like2travelAtlanta
<Content>Try somewhere else In town for Bowl game and stayed here-family had picked location. Easy to find-hotel name is the location (property at the corner of Bourbon and Orleans). Room big enough but bathroom really needed servicing-wallpaper hanging off walls, tub surface pulled off, poor lighting. Service poor-asked for help making reservation for airport shuttle and ignored. Resturant never busy- food didn't look good. Bar closed more often than open. Disappointing, and expensive. Choose another facility if headed here.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>rz65j8
<Content>Don"t Stay Here I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.Have just returned from a trip to New Orleans, and never been to New Orleans before, would like to warn potential guests. Love NO, but this hotel ruin my vacation. Don鈥檛 know if I will remember this horrible hotel or the entire NO experience.My sister decided to join us at the last minutes. Try both Wyndham and priceline.com (list as 3 star hotel, and definitely is not) to secure double bed rooms, priceline.com told us to deal with the hotel directly, called the hotel they said they don鈥檛 have our reservation; this already alarmed us about this location. And this put priceline.com on my future caution list.Upon check-in asked if there were any doubles available, was told will cost us extra $30/night. Switched for one, but room was only slightly bigger than the standard room. The comforter is very dirty and cost my sister asthma!! The bathroom were dirty and water tank in one room was leaking and refilling the whole night, and took me 2 tries to get it fixed. The other room had red color (may be blood?) all over the floor, they ignored my complain completely. The morning of check-out, received a full charge of rooms (HELLO, if not paid in full at priceline.com, won't even stay there), showed to front desk, they didn't even question and just tore it up. Overall, it's in a great location, the lobby is pretty but you don't STAY in the lobby. DON鈥漈 scarify your comfort, for a short walking distant, you can find a better hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gregg407
<Content>Great Place to stay This is a truly fine hotel. The rooms are pretty with great views of the French Quarter. The staff was kind and courteous. We paid less than $200 per night for a beautiful two room suite. Not sure if that is usual or not. Sadly, we didn't get a balcony like some of the other rooms had. Parking was $30 per day, so beware of that. But all-in-all a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>macwim
<Content>Bourbon Oreans a good choice Very good choice for staying in the French Quarter. The Bourbon Orleans has the charm of the smaller indepenent hotels, with the advantages of the Wyndham group. Our room was very spacious by French Quarter standards. The location is ideal! I thought the rate was quite reasonable, considering the quality of the accomodations.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doctormark97
<Content>fine hotel, great location Stayed between Christmas and New Year. Given a room on the quiet side of the hotel (facing courtyard) before I asked. Front desk was helpful, courteous on check in and throughout stay. Room was on the small side, but clean and adequate in size and amenities for my wife and I, including free internet available in Lobby. Absolutely unbeatable location in French Quarter. Had none of the problems noted by some others in their reviews. Excellent value for the price paid. Would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>bryang73
<Content>Great location, thin walls, pricy parking I've stayed at the Bourbon Orleans several times over the years and I think I know what to expect. It's in a great location but the rooms are not luxiorious by any means.I know to avoid the small queen bed rooms. On my most recent stay I requested and was placed in a nice-sized king bed room. It had an adjoining door that I didn't pay any attention to until a couple occupied the room on the other side. Although they weren't being excessively loud, I could hear every word they said and every noise in their room, including the alarm clock that they couldn't figure out how to work and that seemed to go off every couple of hours in the middle of the night. If you want some privacy and quiet, ask for a room that does not have an adjoining door.Also be warned that parking is valet only and costs $30 per night!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>MonthlyVacation
<Content>Nice place! Great Location! I just got back from Wyndham's Bourbon Orleans. I read the reviews on here before I booked and I was a little unsure how the trip was going to go. After staying there....I'm not sure what all the negative people are talking about. This place was pretty nice. The hotel was historic and had a great feel to it. The location was perfect and the staff was friendly. The rooms were small but that is the case with most older hotels. I did have a problem with the in room safe being locked when we checked in. They told me there is nothing they can do but they did offer to use a lock box at the counter. You may also want to note the $30 a day parking charge. Overall I was pretty happy with the place and I imagine I will go back.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Docholiday758
<Content>Great Bang for the Buck!!! Ive stayed at many 5 star hotels but my favorite hotel is the Bourbon Orleans which is not 5 star. The staff has been more than helpful during my numerous stays....The rooms are very clean and the staff very personable. The hotel is located at what I consider THE PRIME LOCATION in the French quarter, just a few steps to Royal Street and Jackson Square. The Bourbon Orleans is the real deal.....Lots of bang for the Buck.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sissy444
<Content>It was fine for me! I stayed at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans from 9/21-9/23/07 via reservations from Priceline. After I read the reviews I was scared to death that my weekend would be awful. Check in was a breeze, no one in front of me. I had a nice size room with two queen beds and a large bathroom, towels and toilet tissue.The sheets were clean and I did not see a mouse. (not that I doubt it, it is New Orleans after all)I never leave a purse in a hotel for the opportunity for thieves so please do not leave yourself open for something stupid as that can happen any where. Everyone was friendly. I do not know if I got lucky or if someone is out to ruin this hotel. The only complaint is the walls are thin and there are a lot of late night party goers coming in at all hours. (but I was one of them too)For the right price I would give this hotel a chance and I myself would probably take another chance too. Suggestions: be specific with your room request and do not leave things for others to take! (and be polite when making request as it helps)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GATORVacationer
<Content>No Value Here Have just returned from a trip to New Orleans, and would like to warn potential guests. This property is not AWFUL, but I would certainly never stay again. Check-in procedure was quite lengthy (about 40 minutes), upon checking in met guests who were checking out because they weren't satisfied with the property. Most disturbing we spotted a mouse running across our hotel room and reported it to the front desk... only to be told that they were aware of the mouse, it was running from room to room and they were trying to catch it. Never once did they offer to switch our room to another floor or compensate us in any way. We had a purse stolen from our room and they offered very little assistance in the investigation. And lastly, we met a couple when checking out that too had a bad experience - on their first night when they pulled the comforter off they discovered the sheets were very dirty and had not been changed!! Overall, I was quite unimpressed with this experience and would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>deb93
<Content>Great Location - Not Great Service Having never been to New Orleans before, I did a little research online and found the Bourbon Orleans had a great location at a reasonable rate. And being a Wyndham, I figured it would be a nice hotel. It is certainly not up to the normal Wyndham standards. The location is great - right next to Jackson Square and within walking distance of anything in the French Quarter. The hotel front desk staff was awful! I booked a queen bed room (that was all that was available online) but upon check-in asked if there were any doubles available. I was told the only ones available were with balconies. The trip was to celebrate a friend's birthday so I figured $50/night more was ok for the occasion, but was then told they had none available. We checked into our room and the room was only slightly bigger than the queen bed in it!! We took our bags, headed back to the front desk, informed them we were going sightseeing and upon our return expected to be placed in a different room. Upon our return, we had to fight with the front desk but were finally placed in another room. It was handicap-accessible so it was HUGE in comparison. We gave our luggage ticket to the woman at the front desk but 30-45min later, still had not received our luggage. We called the bell stand, we told they never received our ticket from the front desk and had to go downstairs to pick out our bags. On a positive note, the front door/bell staff was PHENOMENAL. I don't remember their names, but every one of them was wonderful - they gave us directions, got us taxis and never failed to direct us to some fabulous restaurants. New Orleans is a great city and I hope to go again next year - I would stay at the Bourbon Orleans again - but only because of the location and bell staff. I will also request a handicap accessible room from the get go next time!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	1	5	-1	

<Author>jjjhm4
<Content>not what we expected!!! the hotel was pretty, located right off bourbon street. we have never been to new orleans and this was the place that was not booked thru our timeshare. Be prepared for small rooms, tiny tv, no microwave or refrigerator, no free local(0.95 a call) phone calls, yes they have a mini bar but very expensive!!!! a small can of pringles is 3.50 yes at the grocery store you pay $0.50 cents breakfast was 16.95 for the continental ..no it wasnt complentary!!! towels was limited ... lets not forget valet was 30.00 a day. they have room service but very high! go across the street we got a 14oz. ribeye and sides for 19.95 each its was very good and in a classy place.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>butterflydoc
<Content>Great Location I booked this hotel after reading a bunch of reviews for New Orleans Hotels and being disappointed in what I found. I got a good rate and joined the members club. When we got there, check in was a snap and we found that we had been upgraded to a room with a balcony on Orleans St! The hotel is historic, in that it is older, but the room was nice and the bed was comfortable. We did have some trouble getting some extra towels that night. It took 2 phone calls and then a man with a bucket of chicken brought me 2 blankets. He was nice enough to immediately get me 2 towels instead though. We didn't mind the noise from Bourbon street, but if you do then don't get a balcony room. I would happily stay here again, but do not expect exceptional service for a while. (You can probably gather this much from other reviews)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>grandisle
<Content>GREAT LOCATION- We were hoping fo a better stay than the Wyndham St Anthony in San Antonio, and we did have a better experience. This hotel is a typical N.O. French Quarter place, sort of seedy but in a charming way. the room we had ( we upgraded to a king suite and paid more ) was large with a balcony which we could sit on.The bath was ok but needed some work around the tub.Regular tube TV. Our friends had a standard room and it was cozy but had a flat screen TV which was located about 2 ft. from your toes. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>oslady
<Content>Nice stay but noisy late at night Stayed at Bourbon Orleans on Jul 21, 2007. We arrived about 9:30 in the morning, were pleasantly and enthusiastically greeted at check in and promptly received keys to our room. Our room was on the 6th floor and was a little small, I guess because of tiny window,I would suggest a stay on floors 1-5. The room itself, 2 double beds was clean and neat. Bathroom quite large. All staff were helpful and pleasant. The hotel lobby is nice as is the pool and pool area.The hotel is in a great location, directly behind the St. Louis cathedral and the hotel bar opens on to bourbon street. Easy to walk french quarter. Walked to cathedral and attended mass on sunday.....wonderful. Only drawback, the walls between rooms on this floor were very thin, so you could hear conversations in the next room, also a couple on our floor must have gotten drunk and got into a loud obscene shouting match down the hallway and down the stairs and back up to the room. Several groups of partyers also woke us during the night with their noisy return. Maybe our room was too close to the elevator and once again you must remember you are in New Orleans, so you have to expect some kind of commotion. Nice perk, if you are checking out (check out time is noon), if you would like to leave your car at the hotel until 4:00 p.m . they will be happy to let you do this, I believe with no extra charge. (read the ticket they give you when you leave your car) This might give you extra time to explore french quarter or eat lunch before you leave  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tom2K
<Content>Nice, But Overpriced Compared To Others We have been staying at the Bourbon Orleans on and off for 20+ years, partly because of the excellent location (right in back of Jackson Square) and partly because of it being a good value. Over the last 5 years, I never paid over $120 for a King room, until about 2 years ago when I noticed prices went up (unlike other French Quarter hotels.) Count on $200+ nowadays. Anyway, I have been staying at the Royal Sonesta, which is a MUCH better value (around $100+) and several notches above in service and quality. We went ahead and paid DOUBLE Sonesta rates at the B. Orleans for a 1 night stay July 5, just for old time's sake. It's still nice, but it's no Sonesta - and at 2 times the price! I don't know what they're thinking.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	1	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>KYUSA
<Content>Great Hotel       Nice pool and courtyard  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>starfishsleeper
<Content>Another good stay at the Bourbon-Orleans! I have stayed at this hotel a few times for weekend trips to New Orleans and all of them have been a good experience and this was no exception. This was my first stay here since Katrina so i was a little worried but the staff was friendly, the room was clean, and of course you can't beat the location. It is not the Ritz but for the money you really can't beat it. I will however make one comment. The Hispanic influx in New Orleans, I believe, is here to stay. While I welcome new culture and people to my home, part of Louisiana culture is hospitality. Maybe it is a language barrier or maybe they just need time to adjust to our culture but I found overall where you go the Hispanic workers are less hospitable and are less likely to do things like hold a door open for you or say Thanks for coming! or Have a nice evening! when coming in and out of an establishment. Hopefully as time goes on our new neighbors will become more outspoken and friendly.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	5	3	3	

<Author>jagdog
<Content>Works for the French Quarter Nice lobby, very small room (rooms were sold out so I couldn't get a bigger one), shower didn't work, gave me 2 free breakfasts as an equalizer.Ok, so valet is $30/day, not many alternatives and I think it is worth it for a short stay.Checking in was a breeze, we were the furthest room from the elevator though. That usually isn't a big deal, but trust me, it seems like a quarter of a mile walk, seriously. Luckily, someone that works there was passing by as we were leaving for the first time and showed that we were literally adjacent to the service elevator which they don't mind you using. The room was pretty small, probably the smallest I have ever seen, but we only paid $100/night and the location was phenomenal. The hotel is a rock's throw from Jackson Square and a minute walk to Bourbon St. from the front entrance. If you really want a good time, get a room on Bourbon St. When the shower was reported we had to fuss, but we convinced them to send someone immediately and 5 mins later he was there. He showed us how to use the shower without a working handle, and brought us free breakfast tickets which sounds minimal, but actually would have rung up to almost $40 without the tickets. Don't depend on the in-house restaurant for much, I think they close at 10 and have a very limited menu. The bed was decent, furniture in the rooms was too big for the rooms, but the office chairs and everything were nice. People were coming in and out at all hours of the night, but what do you expect, it is the French Quarter on a Sat night. I wouldn't suggest this hotel unless you were a party animal or someone that doesn't need a full night's quiet sleep. I doubt I would have stayed there if I had my kid with me as well, it's the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donnyagreen
<Content>Nice hotel great location I was very concerned about staying here after i read the other reviews. I was happy with this hotel, the front desk staff was VERY helpful. I was upgraded to a 2 level suite. There was some noise from the outside but thats what you should expect on bourbon. The room was pretty clean but Housekeeping seemed unmotivated. The rooms are very ornate with gold trimmed mirrors  furniture. the TV was old and seemed out of place. I didn't try the hotel food. The price was right for this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	2	5	-1	4	

<Author>d75angel
<Content>Stay Elsewhere! I love NO and will return but I will not be staying at the Bourbon Orleans. Service was horrible. We stayed three nights and our room was never cleaned. Housekeeping was unresponsive. LOL!! We were even told that we could only have one roll of toilet paper for the time being because there was none to spare througout the hotel!! New Orleans is wonderful. When I return I may be heading back to the W French Quarter, which was a wonderful hotel experience.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>justposting
<Content>Very disappointing! I have never written any online review, but I feel compelled to post regarding the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans. I stayed from Thursday through Sunday with my husband, 2 children and our niece. Before making reservations, I viewed a picture of one of the townhouse suites online on their website. (I don't think the photo is there anymore) It looked roomy and nice. The plan was to have the children sleep on the sofa bed and a roll-away bed for our niece. Here is a breakdown of our first and last visit to the Bourbon Orleans:Day One: After loading the luggage onto the cart at check-in , the bellhop walked off, leaving us to get the luggage to the room ourselves. Not a real big deal, but inconvenient when you're carrying tired children. When we got to our room, we were disappointed to see that the suite was actually very small. The smell was unpleasant. The carpet was stained and dirty. The sofa was very uncomfortable (hard as a rock) and the seat cushions would sink down into the frame after you sat for a bit. When we pulled out the sofa bed, we were disappointed to find that the metal coils that connect the under layer to the frame were uncoiled and disconnected, resulting in the mattress falling through the frame. There were also no linens or pillows for the sofa bed, so we attempted to call the front desk to have them repair it and bring linens. The phone did not work. We went down and made the request. After 30 minutes, a maintenance person appeared and tried to repair the sofa bed. He seemed bothered and gave up after a few minutes, saying he didn't know if he could fix it. My husband ended up fixing it. The maintenance person appeared relieved and was happy to meet our simpler request of taking a look at the non-working phone. The linens were brought up 45 minutes after the initial request and consisted of 2 lumpy, pathetic pillows and three flat sheets. We had to go back down to request a blanket. When it came it had several spots of dried crusty something-or-other on it. We put it in the closet and improvised with linens from the larger bed. Day Two: Breakfast food at the hotel was decent but pricey. The thing that really got me was the attitude of the staff. They were rude! And although there was hardly a patron having breakfast there, the wait to be seated sign was out. So we waited several minutes. Finally a staff member who had been watching us wait to be seated came over and motioned us in to sit anywhere. At the end of the meal I attempted to hand the waitress our payment as she strolled by. She rolled her eyes at me and walked off without a word! A couple of minutes later, another staffer took the payment. Later that day we returned from an afternoon of sightseeing to find housekeeping in our room. She told us we were to wait outside 15 more minutes while she finished up. We were tired, and hanging out for fifteen minutes somewhere in the hotel for her convenience did not suit me. We came in and politely told her we would stay downstairs out of her way since the upstairs was what she had to finish. She made this really annoyed face and muttered [--] when she turned around. That was the last time someone from housekeeping entered our suite the rest of our stay. They simply did not come back. For towels, we helped ourselves to the clean ones provided at the pool entrance. A problem did arise when we ran out of toilet tissue. A call to the extremely hard-to-reach front desk yielded no results for toilet paper nearly an hour after our request. I went to the front desk and asked for some and they said they couldn't get it - that housekeeping would be bringing it up. By this time, I had had it. I was in the city to enjoy myself, not to trifle with hotel staff. After some not-so-nice conversation between the front desk clerk and I, the toilet paper was delivered to our room - quite rudely I might add. Day Three: I was glad to be leaving this dump. We requested that the vehicle be brought around about an hour before we were scheduled to leave (by this time we had learned to request it early) When we got downstairs our vehicle was parked in front with no key. They could not find they key, and concluded that another staff member must have it, and he would be back later. When questioned how much later, no one could tell us. An hour later this guy arrives with the key. Unbelievable. Besides the rudeness of basically everyone and the deplorable condition of the suite, there was the noise factor. Our balcony was half a block from Bourbon. It was nice to be in the mix, and the location was convenient, but each night (or morning between 3 and 4 a.m.) we were awakened by people yelling or arguing LOUDLY on Orleans. My personal fave was the 15 minute obscenity fest between what appeared to be a prostitute and her pimp. While this is not the fault of the hotel, anyone wishing to sleep at some point should choose another hotel for this reason alone. How anyone could recommend this place is beyond me. It's a bait and switch. The website touts this luxurious hotel with the fab lobby...(the lobby is pretty but you don't STAY in the lobby) You get here and it's a total let down complete with unbelievably rude and incompetent staff. Bottom line - DO NOT STAY HERE!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>bandit
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here one night - we were given a suite on the first floor - which had a living room/wet bar/ area downstairs and the bedroom/bathroom upstairs. The door to the outside was locked, but looked directly out to the street - The room was comfortable, although we had reserved a room with two beds, we got a room with one queen - The Wyndham by Request items were waiting to include a small bottleof wine and a platter of fruit which was really nice. The hotel is within walking distance to the Cafe du Monde', Jackson Square and theFrench Quarter.It also connects to Burbon St thru the bar, but it is at the end of Burbon, so it's a long walk to some of the places. Be aware that the valet parking is $30 per night!! We were two females and arrived around 10PM, so we went ahead and did the valet because we did not want to be walking around at night after parking acar. Unlike some of the other posters, the front desk clerks were very friendly and helpful. The bellmen did store our luggage the morning that we were checking out so that we could do some sightseeing beforewe left. I would probably stay at this hotel again - I would try to arrive earlier and attempt to find a parking garage that didn't charge so much -  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>WINolagirl
<Content>great hotel, great location Lovely hotel. Perfect location in the quarter. When I arrived the hotel did not have a room for me, but they had already set me up at another hotel and paid my taxi fare to and from. When I did get my room the next day it was very nice. Better than I had anticipated. Room was spacious and clean and very comfortable. My only complaint was that there was one front desk staff member who did not seem to know anything, or more importantly did not seem to care, and there was no concierge the entire time I was there. Most of the staff was very nice and as stated earlier the location was perfect. I would absolutly stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>denverroadtrip
<Content>Fine Stay We were a group of 12- 6 rooms. Everything worked out pefectly- the GM put our rooms together, on a high floor. The front desk staff was good enough, but the valet parking needs work. We waited for our car approx. 30 minutes/day, but they told us, so it wasn't so bad. The house cleaning service was fine. The rooms are well insulated, so we barely heard bourbon st. Everyday we came home and used the pool- and loved it! The location is absolutely perfect, even if it takes some work to drive to the front. I would definately recommend the hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>bourne42
<Content>Nice Hotel in the Quarter Stay for a long weekend here. The staff was very helpful with local places ,more than just tourists stuff. My room was clean and breakfast was good.The pool area was good to take a nap at in the afternoon  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>katnyc80
<Content>Ban them for life The Wyndham Bourbon Orleans ruined my guest stay in New Orleans. Even if you don't care a bit about the stuff they pulled at my wedding. My brother in law has his black berry stolen from the room, and my father in law had a cleaning lady walk into his room unannounced with a plain clothed man. Probably to clean them out too. My cocktail hour was not set up when my guest arrived. There were 20 chairs for 120 people, and a large dead roach lying on the ground ready to get tangled in my dress. The reception was not set up when we went to the ballroom either. My tables were blank except for the centerpiece my florist put there. The only plates were dessert size for a dinner, and when asked to bring dinner size they rudely said they didn't have any. (At breakfast the next day in the same room there were dinner plates) Someone spilled a drink and we asked 2 people for a mop, and it never came. ... what else can I say? Basically Even if you are just spending the night... don't. The place is beautiful and lures you in, but the service is so utterly horrible that it is not even worth it. My rehearsal dinner was 5 times better.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>PlanoTripper
<Content>Wyndham Should Be Ashamed I have never written any kind of review of a hotel before, much less a negative one鈥ut this hotel changed that. There鈥檚 no denying that the hotel is in a great location, but the staff made sure that we will never stay in any Wyndham property ever again. During this nightmare experience, we discovered that Wyndham is a franchise and Wyndham, apparently, isn鈥檛 concerned about how absolutely appalling the service here is. You might be even more surprised to hear that they don鈥檛 always have a manager on duty!On arrival, our room wasn鈥檛 ready: 鈥淭here are some people who haven鈥檛 checked out yet and we like to clean them all at one time.鈥?We good-naturedly agreed that we鈥檇 walk around and come back. The Front Desk Clerk, Keania, wouldn鈥檛 take care of our bags; she told us we鈥檇 have to take them back across the lobby to the doorman. When we returned later, we found our bags sitting unattended in the lobby. Keania asked me to sign a form that said we were staying for only one night. I had booked through Wyndham Vacations, for two nights, and had already paid in full. She told me that Wyndham Hotels, the Bourbon Orleans and Wyndham Vacations don鈥檛 talk to each other. (I had similar trouble when I enrolled in Wyndham by Request and tried to add my preferences to my existing reservation. They told me this was only for stays booked through Wyndham, even though I booked through Wyndham Vacations, from their website. It took 3 e-mails to straighten that out, but the Bourbon Orleans doesn鈥檛 talk to them either 鈥?none of my 鈥渞equests鈥?happened.) She said I would be charged and they would have to amend my reservation for a second night. When I asked for the number of Wyndham Customer Care, she didn鈥檛 have one: they don鈥檛 talk to Wyndham. I asked for a manager and was surprised when she said it wasn鈥檛 their policy to have a manager on duty; one would be there at 9 am. Then, she then gave me the card of 鈥淣ight Manager鈥?Kevin Granier. We got to our room and found a maid still vacuuming. She left and, unfortunately, also left bits and chunks of Styrofoam all over the floor. There stuff from a previous guest in the bathroom. The countertop, etc. and mirror had not been wiped down. I don鈥檛 want to think about the likelihood of the sheets having been changed. At this point, I unpacked my itinerary and went back to the front desk. Keania said it was meaningless. 鈥淭hey have nothing to do with us.鈥?Since there was no manager on duty, I asked to speak with her supervisor. Her supervisor, Doniella, was standing next to her and had been there the whole time. Doniella said to Keania, 鈥淭ell him that we have no way of knowing if he paid.鈥?Since she was directly in front of me, I asked her to speak to me directly. She raised her voice: 鈥淚 just told you鈥︹€?which, of course she hadn鈥檛; she told Keania to tell me. She couldn鈥檛 be bothered to speak with a guest of the hotel. She said she would need to see a copy of my credit card statement. I, naturally, didn鈥檛 bring financial recorsds on my vacation.While Keania and Doniella were busy not giving a damn, my roommate was changing in the room and an employee came in without knocking or announcing herself. This invasion of privacy was very upsetting. She said she was there 鈥渢o see if the room had been cleaned.鈥?Back at the front desk, Keania suddenly announced that, despite not knowing we were staying two nights, they had tried to charge my card repeatedly and it had been declined. I assured her the charge had gone through in February. I said I apparently needed to talk to corporate headquarters. This time, Keania was mysteriously able to find a number for Customer Care. Doniella had long since disappeared.While navigating Wyndham鈥檚 automated system, I found my printed receipt. While I was on the phone, my roommate took this down to try his luck. After more rudeness from Keania, he actually got an apology from someone with housekeeping. She told him the hotel had no way of knowing if a room had been cleaned. After the front desk rudely told him that I didn鈥檛 have this receipt with me earlier, they promised to reduce the charge for Saturday night and send up breakfast vouchers for Sunday morning. How a receipt from Wyndham Vacations was more valid than an itinerary from Wyhdham Vacations is a just another part of the mystery. The vouchers were eventually sent up but, naturally, no credit for a reduced rate has appeared on my credit card.Meanwhile, customer care told me they had talked to the hotel and told them my bill had been paid: no one would speak to me again about any charges. Great! Time to calm down and enjoy this fabulous city. As we settled in, we discovered no minibar key, no ashtrays. When we finally got the key sent up, there was stuff missing. Another call to Keania鈥攄on鈥檛 charge me for stuff I didn鈥檛 use. She said, 鈥淚鈥檒l tell them鈥?and hung up. As far as I know, the minibar was never restocked. It took two more phone calls and a half-hour to receive a single ashtray: a woman pounded on the door, held it out without so much as looking at me, and walked off. I should note that the hotel did send up a split of red wine and a cheese tray, I suppose as some kind of pathetic apology. That evening, I called housekeeping for extra pillows. 鈥淲e don鈥檛 have extra pillows.鈥?Click. The next morning, my roommate went down to use the breakfast voucher. I was pretty much done with this hotel. When he got to the restaurant area, he waited at the 鈥渨ait here to be seated鈥?sign. The maitre d鈥?eventually looked at him and shrugged, like 鈥渨hat the hell do you want me to do?鈥?When he said he was waiting to be seated, the man just walked toward a table, pointed, and walked away. When I checked out, Keania asked me if I wanted to keep all the charges on my credit card. It was clear she had absolutely no recollection of the entire episode. Apparently, abysmal service and upset guests are so commonplace they鈥檙e easy to forget. I told her I鈥檇 been through all this with her before; I owed nothing. She eventually told me I was 鈥渇ree to go.鈥?As I鈥檓 sure you can imagine, this 鈥減ermission鈥?to leave didn鈥檛 improve my mood.I wrote to Wyndham and the general manager of the Bourbon Orleans a month ago. The only response I鈥檝e gotten was an e-mail from 鈥渃ustomer care, 鈥?with a brief, inaccurate summary of my issues attached, that said the general manager would be contacting me. Bottom line? The Bourbon Orleans is staffed by the rudest, most obstinate people I have ever encountered in the service industry and Wyndham couldn鈥檛 care less about the quality of hotels with their name attached.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>NYC123456
<Content>Rooms are big, service to be desired, noisy I had requested a courtyard room because it's more quiet than being on Bourbon Street. We got a courtyard room on the 2nd floor above the nightclub, so we had loud music until 3am. The rooms and bathroom were huge. The air stopped working our last night. The frontdesk was so unhelpful and unfriendly. The concierge didn't know what he was talking about either. We wanted to go to the Garden District and were told to take a bus at St. Charles. We couldn't find the stop from his map at first. He didn't tell us which stop or where the best place is to see the houses we'd be looking for, and there were no maps in the hotel of the Garden District, so we went on a wild goose chase. Next time, we'll take a tour, but the concierge should have at least mentioned the tour or known which stop to tell us to get out at.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>DJCJKaty
<Content>Really Enjoyed Everything This was our first time in New Orleans. I searched several hotels and chose the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans. We were not disappointed. We arrived a bit early and was able to put our vehicle with valet parking and have them hold our luggage until the room was ready for us and then we ventured out. The location of the hotel was the best part. Just a short short walk from the action of Bourbon Street. You could not ask for a better location. The hotel was very clean. The staff were wonderful. We will definiately be staying in this hotel again in the future. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Texgirl123
<Content>WOW!!!! This place is great!!! My boyfriend and I had a long weekend at the Bourbon Orleans and it was wonderful. The staff were great. We got there on Saturday and spoke with the Concierge who gave us the best advise!! We booked dinner at Kpauls for that night. Fantasic!~Kpauls....5stars to them for food and service. Next we went to Brennan's again suggested by the Concierge. Hats off the great Concierge who help us to have a fantastic weekend in NO. Not one complaint. Everyone....New Orleans is back! Book now because the crowds are low and the service is high!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Scotus
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great location The Bourbon Orleans is a historic hotel in the heart of the Frech Quarter. The location is great.We had no problems with our stay. The room was in good shape, and the staff was friendly. Because of the slow times in New Orleans, we were able to upgrade free to a Junior Suite that faced Bourbon Street. Be advised that those rooms can be loud at night.Also, I have stayed in the Bouron Orleans before, and there is a big variance in room size and shape since this a historic hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hoosierboy2
<Content>OK Hotel, GREAT location This hotel is in a fantastic location in the French Quarter...BUT, if you're like me, and think that a nice hotel is an important part of your trip too, this may not be the place for you. I rarely stay at Wyndhams (however, there is one in Chicago that I love), but this hotel is faded as another poster put it. Rooms are not that attractive, furniture is frayed, and it's just a little dingy.BUT, if you're in NOLA for the nightlife, this is the place for you. Whether you're straight or gay, there are many bars nearby. It is also close to the French Market, Cafe du Monde, etc. There are many art galleries and shops nearby, and there is a great little AP around the corner for bottled water, etc.Because it's in the middle of the French district, I would not recommend it if you have small childrent. Too many partiers in the hotel and outside the hotel. Be sure to ask for an inside room overlooking the pool if you want to avoid the noise of Bourboun St.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>TravelingTxn
<Content>Hotel has faded a bit, but the staff is great My friends and I decided to go to NOLA for a girls' weekend in October and had a good stay at the Bourbon Orleans. The location is great and the staff is attentive. I used to stay at this hotel on business in the 90's and it has definitely worn a bit since then so I'm scoring it lower due to a less than great renovation, but it's still a great location for times in the quarter. If you're looking for quiet, be sure to request a courtyard facing room or be sure to pack your earplugs. Also, dining/room service options are very limited at the hotel right now. I assume this is just due to lack of business after Katrina. If you're hungry for lunch 11-2, Paillard's is a good choice without having to venture out.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	5	3	

<Author>HoustonSoccerMamaMD
<Content>NOLA is back! Good hotel,Great location. Just back from a fabulous long weekend in New Orleans. If you are at all unsure if you should go back to the Big Easy - DO IT!!The French Quarter is basically the same - lively, funky, wierd, historical, charming.... perhaps a bit less crowded and with more for rent/lease signs up, but otherwise unscathed.Uptown  Garden District  Magazine Street were amazingly alive  well!! Restaurants  shops on Magazine were buzzing.St. Charles Streetcar still not up  running, but perhaps in '07.Commanders' food was as good as ever, though the service was noticeably younger  less experienced. New decor downstairs is good  bad (love the birds/wallpaper but the corner pavillions??) Cafe Du Monde, Acme, Columns, Pat O's, Preservation Hall, Laffite's, Central Grocery, Galatoire's, etc etc are all up  running  as good as ever. Who knew I'd ever be excited to see those high-heeled legs bobbing in  out of the wall on Bourbon? That's right, they're back too!Th Bourbon Orleans hotel is in a GREAT location - just behind the Cathedral, around the corner from Rodrigue's gallery  just off Bourbon. If you want quiet, ask for a room closer to Royal. We had a 3rd floor loft room with a fantastic balcony. The lobby is beautiful, the concierge so helpful  very New Orleanian, and the staff was VERY friendly. The elevators, hallways,  rooms could use a little TLC but just a little would go a long way (chipped/scratched wood/paint on some doors etc) . The courtyard  pool looked beautiful  clean and hygiene was ABSOLUTELY not an issue/problem. The one true complait I have is not related to this Hotel, but to Wyndam: Why have a ridiculously overpriced Herman Miller desk chair when the sofa is the single most uncomfortable sofa I have ever sat on??? And that includes college...??? Half the $$ it took to get the business chair would have been MUCH better spent on a higher quality sofa for the room- particularly in a place like the French Quarter.NOTE: You only get the benefit of the Wyndham Rewards Program if you reserve directly thru Wyndham.The people in the Quarter  in New Orleans in general were friendlier than EVER. They know what people think of the city  are struggling to regain some dignity and the confidence of the travelling public. We had a WONDERFUL, safe, fun, interesting, reassuring, magical, delicious, historical, decadent  spiritual visit. And all that in just 2 days...only in New Orleans, today  forever.All in all, I say LAISSEZ LES BONS TEMPS ROULEZ and visit New Orleans!! You'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>rusty7jr
<Content>Nice hotel I thought that the Bourbon Orleans hotel was a nice hotel in a great location. It was in the middle of the French Quarter and on Bourbon Street, but not in the middle of all the craziness. The staff were friendly, and the hotel and rooms were clean.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leatrice_O'Neill
<Content>Loved the Bourbon Orleans!       exterior of hotel  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uptownnolagirl
<Content>Could be really good! As New Orleaneans, we have always recommended the Windsor Court to people looking for a special stay in the city. However, we moved last summer, and the reviews on tripadvisor post-Katrina for the Windsor Court were not all good. We decided to try the Bourbon Orleans. It's a beautiful hotel in a great location. Per the adivce of another tripadvisor member, we signed up for the Wyndham rewards program to get free drinks on arrival, snacks, and free valet parking. All of the above were forgotten during our stay! The rooms are fine - a little small. If you want quiet, ask for a room far away from Bourbon. We asked to make sure that we weren't on Bourbon, and they put us in a corner room or Bourbon and St. Ane. It was really loud. I believe fully that New Orleans is a city for families - but I don't know if this hotel is. I don't even know if it's for serious travellers. A parade of drunks woke us up each night from 3-5 AM as they returned to their rooms. One night, a guy banged on our door door demanding his friends. Ten minutes later, he pulled the fire alarm. What was most alarming about this was that he also sprayed the extinguisher, and the hallway appeared to be filled with smoke when we opened our doors. The drunk man ran wild in the lobby, as the guests waited there for the go-ahead to return to their rooms. No arrests were made, as the management informed the guests that tourists were not currently being arrested in the city. Huh? Anyhow - our sleep was interrupted each night by rowdy guests. Guests should also know that there is very limited room service. You can basically order up a cheeseburger or a turkey sandwich...but why would you even want that when the Royal Street Grocery is a block away serving up soft-shell crab po-boys and snoballs, too! The hotel has a beautiful lobby, and a nice garden pool. If the management could figure out a way to sit on it's rowdy guests - this would be a great place for anyone to stay in the quarter.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>m4drudy
<Content>Spectacular! This hotel was wonderful! I searched for days to find a hotel that met our expectations for our stay in the French Quarter. Being a bit of a scaredy cat - I took this one of my list of tops (which included Hotel St. Louis, the Royal Hotel and the Bourbon Orleans) - because there were articles on the web about ghosts. However, I just kept coming back to the reviews on this particular property. Well, there is definetly something at the hotel - but we didn't see anything and it didn't disturb our vacation. We were told by a ghost expert that to see the spirit we needed to only curse and she would make her appearance. Needless to say - we did not try this experiment! The hotel's ballroom, where many of the sitings have happened, is beautiful and a perfect place for a regal wedding party. Our room was beautiful. We stayed on the 5th Floor with a view of the courtyard. I was hoping for a balcony overlooking Bourbon - we were shown a room with a window overlooking Bourbon, but because it was on the 5th floor it only looked into the building across the street which was in disrepair. The courtyard rooms are definetly better. We saw a tip on trip advisor about joining the Wyndam By Request program - definetly do this! Our room was upgraded for us at no charge and for a while this hotel was running a special on free parking for By Request members. It saved us $30 a day in parking alone! Overall - this property was everything we were looking for in the French Quarter - right in the middle of it all!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DivineMrsM
<Content>Best hotel experience imaginable I stayed here by myself on a trip to New Orleans in July 2006. My first visit to the city, and I was a little nervous, especially post-Katrina. But the Bourbon-Orleans was FABULOUS. The location is absolutely perfect, the lobby gorgeous, the room amazing and the service outstanding. I followed the advice of other Trip Advisor reviewers and joined the Wyndom By Request club program because it offered free parking this summer and that alone saved me $45 for three days. Plus, when I checked in for my $89 single room, I found they had upgraded me to a multi-level suite! Floor to ceiling doors on the living room level led out onto an enormous balcony overlooking Orleans Street just a couple doors from Bourbon Street. There's a lovely pool in the courtyard, and the whole environment is just sparkling clean. There was a sign in the lobby saying that they've just completed a 1.5 million upgrade to restore the hotel to its former luxury, and that is certainly true from what I've seen.The whole experience could not have been better. I originally had planned to stay for two days, but extended my stay an extra day because it was so nice. I can't say enough about this hotel. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mobilemystic
<Content>Well-located beauty We recently stayed here in June 2006. Beautifully decorated-very nice. A 4 star. It is located just behind ,more or less, the St. Louis Cathedral. Expensive breakfast but that's the way it is in N.O.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pharmgirl29
<Content>Wonderful French Quarter Hotel What a wonderful hotel! A delightful historic hotel, a former convent, in the heart of the French Quarter. We were greeted at the door by smiling doormen/valet attendants and directed across the gracious lobby to the desk. Our 2 rooms were ready and exactly as requested. They each had 2 double beds, a writing desk, and a wardrobe which contained the television, minibar, and safe. The decor was elegant and respectful of the history of the building. Our windows overlooked the beautiful inner courtyard and pool.The French Quarter location make the hotel within easy walking distance to all our favorite places. We visited Preservation Hall and Pat O'Briens (my son turned 21 on this trip), had midnight treats at Cafe du Monde and Breakfast at Brennans. New Orleans has begun her recovery with the French Quarter leading the way. The Garden district was looking her same elegant self, but Commander's Palace had not yet completed her restoration, with opening scheduled for late summer 2006. Check out this gem of a hotel and contribute to the rebuilding of one of America's treasures, the Big Easy!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoingEverywhere
<Content>Nice Historic Hotel! Incredible Location! The Wyndham Bourbon Orleans is a nice historic hotel, right in the heart of the French Quarter. While not a five-star hotel, its location makes up for it. The hotel occupies a city block between Bourbon Street (where the bar is located) and St. Louis Cathedral. The hotel is built around the New Orleans auditorium, which dates to 1817. Most of the building is newer than that, however, and the hotel has distinctly New Orleans architecture. The hotel is nicely maintained and gradually getting back on its feet post-Katrina. My room overlooked the swimming pool, with a big comfy bed and marble bathroom. Nice! I don't believe the courtyard rooms have balconies, but they do have balcony rooms that overlook Bourbon Street. It's probably noisy on that side, as Bourbon Street is unbelievably loud. From my room, however, there was total silence.Room service is minimal at the moment and limited to po' boys and burgers. Hours are 5p-10p only. However, they'll deliver snacks and drinks to your room 24/7. One reviewer said the bar was closed, but it has since re-opened. The restaurant is open, as well. There's also a nifty little wine bar and bistro across the street that's worth a stop.The staff was great --- friendly and helpful all around, as is common in the Big Easy!There are great advantages to being a Wyndham ByRequest member. I booked my room at Bourbon Orleans for $89 plus tax, and that included free parking -- something they're offering through the end of August '06. What a deal! Parking usually costs at least $25 in the French Quarter. ByRequest members also get in-room snacks and beverages upon arrival, and 500 frequent flier miles. I booked here for the rate, and I'd definitely choose to stay again at normal rates. I love the authentic architechure of the hotel, and the location cannot be beat!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Historiana
<Content>Nice choice! I received an email offer for an $89 room rate with free parking right in the middle of the French Quarter so how could I resist? They event had two chocolate chip cookies, coke and water waiting in the room! The staff was friendly and room was wonderful - a very plush hotel! Room even had a great balcony. The only negative is its proximity to Bourbon Street which made it noisy in the evening.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you like gnats, you'll love the Bourbon Orleans Please let me say that I am a local, and write this review in hopes that visitors to the city of new orleans will select a hotel that will leave them with a positive experience.It is sad when walking back to one's hotel in the evening, that the street feel more appealing than the hotel room. From the hotel's entrance to the crowded guest room, the property lacked standard hygiene. Housekepeing staff seemed to spray some sort of scent rather than clean the cause. I spent 3 nights at another nearby hotel, so I assure readers of this review that this is not the general Smell of New Orleans to which I refer. The staff at the hotel, when I could reach someone, was unfriendly and more defensive than helpful. I will not stay at this hotel again, and do not recommend it to anyone with a general concern for basic hygiene or service.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heathork
<Content>Above Average My husband and I had booked a trip to New Orleans pre-katrina. We had been informed by expedia that our hotel would not be open so we should make other arrangements.I searched for hotels that would be in a central location and in my price range. I had decided on the Bourbon Orleans. I took the advice of many previous reviews and joined the wyndham rewards program. It was great advice. Upon arrival, we had cold beers and snacks awaiting us in our upgraded 2 level suite. It was a wonderful unexpected suprise. Probably the largest room in the quarter that I had ever had. We also had a very large balcony overlooking Orleans street.The location here is probably the best. You are steps away from Bourbon, but equally close to the French Market and Decatur. We did alot of walking in the quarter...but this made everything much more accesable. There was a wonderful wine bistro called the Grapevine across the street which we took full advantage of. The bar connected to the Orleans (snooks) was also very nice. We stopped in to pick up drinks to take to the pool on a sunny afternoon.The only problem we had was housekeeping forgot to come one day. We called the front desk sround 4pm and they sent someone right up to take care of it. They also only left decaf coffee on the first night...the rest of the trip I was on my own. This was fine since cafe du monde is a few blocks away.I know my husband and i would definately stay here the next time we come to New Orleans. Hopefully we make it back real soon!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dscott12
<Content>Not Too Bad I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans in late March 2006, I found the hotel to be pretty nice, My room overlooked the pool which was nice, the rooms are a bit small, but I sure have had much smaller ones when in new Orleans.many of the services are not available since Katrina, the bar was never open, no mini bar service, etc, the font desk people were pleasant and helpful.There is a nice restaurant right accross the street from the Hotel entrance.the only complaint I has, was my room was about as far as it could be from the elevator, I probably should have requested something closer, but once I got in, I really didnt want to move.all in all a nice Hotel and a great location!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cmb2
<Content>The staff made me feel right at home.... Even tho my stay was to conduct unplanned family business, the staff here was very accommodating and really made me feel at home. I was prepared to have no housekeeping except for 1 time, but I had housekeeping every day since it was during the week and guest numbers were low. The only drawback found was the queen bed was not as comfortable as I read in other reviews -- the mattress actually needs to be replaced because it is obviously overused on 1 side. The spacious room was very quiet, tho, even tho it was on the 2nd floor very near to corner of St. Ann  Bourbon St. Mini-bar and toiletry amenities (cotton balls, shower cap, lotions, etc.) were also missing, but I always bring my own toiletries, so it didn't matter -- they did provide tissues, hairdryer, iron  board, plenty of fresh linens, soaps, shampoo, and conditioner. The staff did their very best, the business center is totally functional and I'd definitely stay here again because the weekday rate was drastically reduced over what it used to be to bring in more guests. Location is also excellent -- you can walk to every French Quarter attraction in just minutes, and the walk to Canal Street is close. Many neighborhood establishments have re-opened, and it is safer now than ever before --- and that's saying a lot for a woman who was there by herself. If you're having breakfast in their lobby cafe, be prepared for a wait if they're busy because there's only 1 waiter --- at least during the week.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ladee
<Content>Wyndham Bourbon Orleans, great hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans hotel in late August 2005, and it was awesome! We loved that the hotel was right in the heart of the night life, and easy access to many of the art galleries, as well as some pretty decent restaurants. Getting a cab from the hotel was no problem. The staff was very courteous, and helpful. The hotel had a unqiue cozy and elegant touch to it, the restaurant and the food was delicious. Our room was comfortable and overlooked the outdoor pool. We are very fortunate that we had the opportunity to see the real New Oreleans. Ironically, we left that Friday before they started evacuating the city due to Katrina! However, if we ever venture that way again, we will for sure stay at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaddVibes
<Content>Great location My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend a few years ago on a group trip. It was a couple of weeks after Mardi Gras and the city was still wild. The music and atmoshpere during the day was just unforgetable and the wild partying night life was also a great time. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were quite cozy. It is located right in the heart of New Orleans. We had a great time and I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone. It was a bit pricey but my company was footing the bill so I really don't have much to complain about there.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>titch01
<Content>Great Location Great Hotel Bourbon Orleans - New Orleans Duration of stay Aug 6 鈥?Aug 10 2005Location - Right in the heart of the FQ 鈥?excellent location - steps away from Bourbon Street and minutes walk from Cafe Du Monde, The French Market, River Front and all the lovely places of New Orleans. Feels a really safe area - we were a group of 4 and were quite happy to meander the streets quite late in the evening without hesitation 鈥?at no time did we see anything to concern us. Description - this is a beautiful hotel, large grand lobby with chandeliers, grand piano and the feeling of opulence everywhere you look. Described as an Historic hotel, it really is beautiful. FacilitiesThere is a bar set off to one side, very discreet and has doors that actually lead out onto Bourbon Street There is a restaurant inside the hotel too - although we didn鈥檛 try any food, the menu looked pleasing and reasonably priced. A lovely heated, clean outdoor pool enclosed in the courtyard area - the pool and surrounding courtyard area is spotlessly clean with small planted borders and tubs around.Phone in the lobby area which allows international calls 4 minutes for $1 - very handy for us as we were travelling from the UK and were able to call home to report our safe arrival.There is no guest self service laundry facility but you do have the option of using the pricey hotel laundry service. Room Reasonable sized quiet room, we were on the top floor with one very large clean and comfy bed, well presented room that actually had limited edition prints of the FQ on the walls - nice touch.The bathroom was average hotel sized bathroom, again very well decorated and clean.The staff in the main were friendly - the front desk staff could have better customer service but they did the job they had to do so cant ask for much more really . The concierge was very friendly and attentive.Overall This is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in 鈥?If you want to stay near the FQ, this is the place to stay 鈥?we had 2 rooms on the top floor (4 people in the group and not one of us could find a fault with the hotel - if you read any other reviews I post you will know how good this hotel must be!!!!!)Bourbon Orleans - we all hope you survive Katrina - our thoughts are all with you and the people of Louisiana.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>omoshiroi
<Content>August in New Orleans       History of Bourbon Orleans  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy but Nice I stayed at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans Hotel when attending a two-day intense work related seminar held at the hotel. I took my family with me and we stayed an additional couple days as a mini-vacation. Our flight was scheduled to arrive in New Orleans at around 10 p.m. so I made a call to the hotel before leaving for the airport to let them know we would be arriving late but that we would definitely be there. They assured me that my reservation was secure and that they just didn't give reserved rooms away. When we arrived at nearly 11 p.m. they had given our room away and told us there was nothing available. They eventually found something for us but it was an upgrade and only for one night--we had to move rooms in the morning. They assured us our room would be available the next day. It wasn't. They were telling us we would need to find another hotel but again, they eventually found us a room we were able to stay in the rest of our stay. The front desk staff were rude and didn't seem to care a hoot about the fact we'd made reservations several months in advance... not enjoyable people by any means, but aside from that, we found the rooms clean and attractive. We loved the watercolor lithographs on the walls of our room and enjoyed the wonderful scent of the soaps and lotions provided. Maid service was extremely friendly and very enjoyable. The bellboys were extremely helpful in giving us restaurant tips and walking directions and scheduling taxis for us--they also had fantastic senses of humor and were very fun. The hotel restaurant provided the luncheon for both days of the seminar and made a wonderful taste of New Orleans style luncheon at the last minute to accommodate the requests of our seminar hosts. Some of the other reviews here suggest having a courtyard room for quietness--I'd have to agree. I personally don't handle noise well and the noise on the street was overwhelming for me, particularly when I needed rest to take in the information I was there to learn. The noise level is by no means the fault of the hotel, however, and if you are the party type and like to be in the middle of a big party all night long, those street side and balcony rooms are definitely the place for it.If it weren't for our experiences with the front desk staff, I'd probably have rated the hotel above average or excellent.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CANCUNCOOLER
<Content>Very small rooms My wife and I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans July 22, 23, 2005 . Upon arrivalwe were told our room was not ready , and told to come back after 3:00 pm.We came back at 3:00 and checked in. The bellman took us to our room . The room was very small . The suitcase rack had to be placed in the closet because you could not get to the far side of the bed if it was left out. We made reservations two months in advance, an requested a king suite. My wife called the desk to remind them we were suppose to get a king suite.We were told none were available.We are members of the Wyndham by Request that provides room upgrades and drinks of your choice upon arrival. After the third phone call to the front desk to ask for our drinks [ appox. 7:00pm] we went out to dinner.When we came back we had a Sprite and a bag of MMS left in room,this was our Wyndham by request arrival drinks.Oh , we had ordered cocktails. We have stayed at most of the Wyndhams in New Orleans, but in the future  Wyndham Hotels will not be on our list for hotel reservations.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Service, Would not recommend I wanted to cancel my room at this hotel during a hurricane watch. They told me they would charge me a cancellation fee of one nights rate plus tax $122. They want me to gamble on a hurricane that it will not hit their city and fly into New Orleans and spend the night there, or they are going to charge me anyway. I think it is a dangerous gamble. Their staff was unhelpful and the 1-800-Wyndham customer service told me it was the hotel managers call. I would not recommend booking any Wyndham hotels!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>robinson62
<Content>Questionable service but great location... I stayed here for the first time during the Essence Festival. Some reflections:Good points include*great location (Bourbon St. right at the corner)*nice staff*some band members and dancers from Destiny's Child and Tina Marie were staying on my floor (cool)*quietNot so good points include*linen didn't get changed until 4:30 - 5:00pm*no hotel directory in room*phone had no inhouse number directory imprinted (front desk, room service, etc.)*had to ask 3 x for them to remove a charge from my bill...each time they said they were doing it as we spoke. when I checked the inteactive billing on my tv, it was still there*a second broken phone was left on the desk*pool alittle mirky*the guy that brought me my breakfast repeatedly asked me if- and why I was traveling alone...made me stand reeeeal close to the door while he put my food down  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TheQuenzette
<Content>Gorgeous and Charming       Wyndham Bourbon Orleans Hotel Suite  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chloe961
<Content>Great location but be aware We have stayed at this hotel 4 times since 1999. We have not been since the remodel. The location cannot be beat. Everything is within walking distance. I have heard complaints about the rooms. My suggestion is to try to check in before evening, then you are more likely to get the room you requested. We have always gotten great rates at this hotel...usually around $99.00 per nite for one of the dexlue king rooms...this usually compensates for the lack of speedy customer service. Spend your money on the wonderful food to be found in the quarter.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>XSFTRIVIA
<Content>Had a Blast My Husband and I stay here during Jazzfest. We had stayed here during Mardi Gras in 1996. We love this hotel. The renovation is great. Our room had a balcony that overlooked Orleans and Bourbon and the back of St. Louis Cathedral. I did not hear any noise, but we were usually out until the early am. The room was large and the bathroom was nice. We did not have problem with the room or the staff. As everyone says the location is wonderful, especially if you love Bourbon St. We only ate room service, because we had so many other place in NOLA we wanted to eat. I stayed in alot of hotels in New Orleans and I don't think I'll stay anywhere else when I go again. Be sure to join Wydham By Request. I'll try to post my photos but they are only of the views from our balcony.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>athens59
<Content>We will be BACK! My wife and I spent two nights there and loved everything about the hotel: service/staff (really, really nice, helpful folks), location (right off Bourbon Street), food (we had breakfast only) and room (standard, but what you would expect). We'll go back, maybe even one more visit this summer! Hey, to all the folks who complained in their reviews about their stay ... sorry, but we had absolutely no bad experiences there.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymooner's Delight My husband and I stayed here in 1999 for our honeymoon and just had the bst time. We were treated like royalty and it's one of the best experiences I've ever had with a hotel and it's staff. We stayed in a super deluxe suite and it was beautiful, along with the rest of the hotel. I wish our budget would allow us to stay there on every trip to New Orleans we take.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HViddy
<Content>Borbon Orleans -Fabulous This hotel is in the perfect location. Just steps to Bourbon Street, but the entrance out of the hussle and bussle. The staff there are wonderful folks and were happy to help in anyway. Make sure you say hi to Patricia-one of the housekeepers- she will give you the 'downlow' on whatever you need to know. We joined Wyndham By Request the day before and where treated with a free room upgrade,fresh fruit and cokes. There is not much wrong with the place-besides I didn't run into any ghost!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location...OK for everything else. My husband and I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans from June 2 to June 6 and while the location was fabulous the service and room were just OK. Upon arrival we were given a small somewhat dirty room (however our request to be away from Bourbon St. was complied with). Having stayed at Parisian hotels the small didn't bother me as much as the dirty. There was what looked like food (cookie or someother crumb-like substance) on the carpet that was there for our entire stay. I was awakened every night by security talking very loudly and their walkie-talkies beeping very loudly while they were either patrolling the halls or dealing with issues of customers. As one other traveler noted, the cleaning crew did, in fact, stop and talk very loudly outside our room one morning. Thank goodness we were already up! Also, on our last full day at the hotel (Sunday) we were gone from 10AM to 5PM and our room was not cleaned at all. If this were a lower-priced hotel none of this would really matter to me (except for the loud talking in the halls early in the morning by hotel employees), but having stayed at other Wyndham hotels this one was by far the worst we have stayed in. As other travelers have noted, the Wyndham By Request membership does only count if you make the reservations through Wyndham, so definitely keep that in mind should you choose to stay there.Overall, the stay was ok (we did have a very lovely view of the spires of St. Louis Cathedral) and the location was excellent. I would stay here again, if the price were lower, but we will probably seek other accomodations on our next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>yakuza77
<Content>Wonderful! This is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever stayed at.I was traveling with a friend and we got a room with two twin beds (the most comfortable I have ever slept in) for the amazing price of $70.00! This room is perfect for friends or single travelers.I have to echo the comments of another reviwer--if you stay at a Wyndham become a member (it's free), the extra perks are nice.The location cannot be beat. You are ON Bourbon right across from the Tropical Isle (get the Tropical itch), but it is not noisy (we were facing the courtyard--balconies on Bourbon may be a different story).I am going back to NOLA in August and was heartbroken to see that the place was sold out. I have stayed at another French Quarter hotel (Ramada I believe) and it was just a generic hotel, no New Orleans charm (which is half of the fun). Actually the Ramada was a very nice hotel, but after the Bourbon Orleans, I am spoiled!I recommend this hotel fully, and being in the military, I travel a lot.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed Stayed here for 3 nights in May.After reading recent reviews joined Wyndhams By Request only to find that the room we were given was very small.When we told the front desk we were members of Wyndhams By Request they said as we booked through a british travel agent and not direct it was invalid.Anybody else doing the same please beware  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DC_CoPi
<Content>Overall good experience While the customer service does leave a bit to be desired, for the money and location, the Bourbon Orleans is overall a good choice. Upon checking into one of our rooms (we were a group of 5 women in 2 rooms), we were upgraded to a balcony room that was available when we got there at 12 noon. Our other room was not ready until 6 pm, and despite the reservation being in the name of a Wyndham club member, we received no upgrade on that room or the snack that is supposed to be delivered. The front desk very rudely told us that the person needed to call them directly with the number, that when it was linked on line, it didn't count. Whatever. We also requested chairs for our balcony Friday evening at 6 and when we checked out Monday morning, still didn't have them. But as I said, for the price and location, the hotel was fine. It was clean and safe, with a decent pool area - rare in the Quarter. Not luxurious, but do you really go to New Orleans for luxury?  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndam Bourbon Orleans Hotel, Not Good. We booked our reservation through Orbitz. Upon arriving at the hotel we were not given the room we had requested and were told it was not available. We were forced to take a smaller room with no credit issued or offered for the price difference. We knew finding a room in New Orleans this late was almost inpossible so we pretty much had no choice but to stay. The room itself was very small and dirty. It appeared the floor had not been vaccumed in a while.Once unpacked we went down to eat dinner. There was no one in the dinning area and it appeared closed. We asked the bellman and he stated that it was open but he reccommended we don't eat there as the food was not the greatest. We dined elsewhere.We called the front desk the next morning to find out what time they stopped serving breakfast after being awakened by the maid service in the hallway hollering at one another about the shifts they had to work. One standing at her cart directly in front of our room door with a big DO NOT DISTURB sign hanging on it. I had to ask them to please hold it down. This happened both mornings.We got to the dining room at 10:30 and were told (in a very rude manner) that they had closed early because they had a luncheon to do and could not accommodate the special luncheon they had if they stayed open until 11:00. There was no indication of this from anyone. We were told when we called down that morning that they would be open until 11:00.We dined out again. We were offered a free lunch at the Hotels other restaurant but decided to decline the offer basing our decision on the quality of service we had received thusfar.In general. The service was terrible, the rooms small and not clean. The staff was not accommodating in any way shape or form. We travel a lot and have stayed at Wyndam Hotels before and have always been satisfied. Based on this experience we have crossed the Wyndam Bourbon Orleans off of our list as well as all other Wyndam hotels. If Wyndam is accepting of this type of service from one of it's hotels we figure we will run into this again at another Wyndam down the road.In all a very, very disappointing Experience.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NaMakani
<Content>Character, Value, Location       Wyndham Bourbon Orleans  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Rooms, Great Staff, Awesome Location Awesome Location! Found the rooms to be very comfortable. Become a Wyndham member before you book and service will be excellent. I was upgraded to an extra large room with sitting area. Great bathrooms with marble and nice admenities. Service was of high quality with friendly conceirge in lobby.Wish the hotel had a better bar and restuarant downstairs - but this in New Orleans so many other places to hang out outside hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leenie
<Content>Nice Rooms  I had an overall good experience at this hotel. You can walk everywhere from there in the Quarter. Our room was quite roomy  nice, especially by New Orleans standards. I did overhear though, some other guests really complaining about their rooms,  they actually checked out of the hotel  moved to the other Wyndham on Canal. As it turns out, we had an upgraded room because we were members of Wyndham By Request. If you do stay here, which I would recommend based on my experience, go to the Wyndham website  join their By Request club. It's free,  you get welcome snacks, extra towels  pillows,  an upgrade upon check in. I would stay here again,  I am pretty picky.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jestercrescent
<Content>A star in the french quarter The bourbon Orleans just keeps getting better, and better. This time I was amazed by the whole staff, from house keeping (thank you Jacquelyn) to billing (thank you Barbra), to the revenue manager (The truly amazing Ray Camp). I was impressed by how everyone was on the same page and the hotel has always been far superior for value and location but now that the renovations have been completed and the jazz bar is up and going with live entertainment it is astounding!! I have never been happier with my choice of hotels!!If you have any questions at all please feel free to email me!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location We got a great deal on Priceline for this hotel so I didn't expect one of the best rooms. We were very pleasantly surprised. We could not check in early but they cheerfully stored our luggage and called our cell when the room was available. We received a well appointed large room with minibar and king size bed. The location is perfect. It is about a half block from Bourbon street but we were never bothered by any noise. There is a computer available but I found it to be very expensive. $10.95 for 20 minutes and 55 cents per minute after. There is a small Starbucks next to lobby and a nice restaurant. I would stay here again due to the location alone. We had no complaints at all and enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad at all I stayed there post mardi gras (2/21-2/24) not bad at all. The first room they gave us was tiny and overlooked a creepy courtyard (we arrived at night). I called the front desk and they immediately put us in a beautiful, more spacious room on a higher floor that overlooked the street, no questions asked. The fitness room was cool, it had a rather new treadmill, elliptical machine and stationary bike (but who goes to new orleans to workout?). I felt the service was pretty good, and the location can not be beat. I later found out that its supposed to be one of the haunted hotels in new orleans (which i'm glad i found out AFTER i left), but I personally didnt experience anything out of the ordinary there. At the end of the day, I would definitely stay at the Bourbon Orleans again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bourbon Street pros and cons My wife and I went with another couple for a long weekend in New Orleans. Our room was large, clean and had a separate sitting area with a wet bar and it overlooked a quiet courtyard. Our friends' room overlooked Bourbon Street and was very noisy not only from people on the street, but also from the Thump-Thump of neighboring bars and clubs. Not everyone enjoys dixieland and smooth jazz! We stayed three nights, and until the morning we left I would have given this place four to five stars. What happened? No hot water. I called the front desk and got no answer. I called the operator and was transferred to the front desk. When I grumpily checked out I mentioned our situation, and the clerk said, she had been there all morning and nobody called her (HA!) and then admitted that other guests had made the same complaint. The clerk removed mini bar charges we did not incur, and was mildly apologetic. The bottom line for this place is location. It is right on Bourbon a few blocks from Jax Brewery. Everything in the French Quarter is an easy walk. As for us, we may stay in the warehouse district next time.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its the little things My girlfriend and I stayed there Feb. 26th to Mar. 2. Clerks okay, Rooms Okay, Service left alot to be desired. Everyday they left something out. One day we had no wash clothes, the next we had no sugar or cream for the coffee. Then we only had one towel, and no glasses. Also had to ask for toilet paper twice. Lastly we had a smoking room no ashtrays in the room, called down for one took three hours to bring one up. I know these are litlle things but they all add up to disappointment,  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JimL
<Content>I keep coming back...anyway This is my second review of the B.O. I have stayed there four times in my now ten annual December trips to the Quarter. As someone else posted, it is a three star hotel bordering on four-star -- but mainly for location and appearance, not content and service.Overall I rate it a high 3.5, and I will return, but not necessarily on every trip. THere are many places available with similar discounted rates and facilities. However, if I had to pay their rack rates I would go elsewhere. Their sister, Canal Place, on the edge of the Quarter, is much nicer at just slightly higher prices. It's just farther away.  In low season one can find deep discounts (here as well as elsewhere), which makes it worth putting up with some inconveniences. Location and price. I would personally pay a bit more, and put up with even a few more problems, for the location - but that is my preference. The problems I have experienced are usually minor -- service forgotten or messed up, wrong room assigned, and very inconsistent level of training and performance of staff -- housekeeping, desk, door, maintenance. One reviewer mentioned a concierge -- I haven't seen a concierge at the desk since my first stay six years ago. But I mostly fend for myself, not seeking special attention or services.The recent renovations are nice, and were much needed due to normal wear and tear. The new three connecting bars on the main floor (this seems to be a Wyndham trend in several of their cities) were mostly empty or even closed during the pre-Xmas slow season. I don't see why they felt the need to compete with all the bars and clubs in the Quarter. Their previous small lobby bar, to me, was adequate, and it was never crowded. People don't go to a hotel for nightlife - of that type, anyway.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lolomooki
<Content>Great location OK service and rooms We stayed at the Bourbon Orleans for a few nights in Feb 2005 before Mardi Gras. First of all, the location is MARVELOUS, steps away from Bourbon Street and all of the French Quarter. The first room we were given was the smallest on the planet with a view of a concrete wall. 10 minutes in that room and I was ready to go crazy. The room did not have a phone and there were peanuts on the floor. We were immediately moved to a room 3 times the size with a view of the pool. However, although it was a NON smoking room you could smell a hint of cigarette (perhaps from other rooms on the floor). The only other thing that bothered me was that you couldn't open the windows for fresh air. If you are going to stay there, request a large room with a balcony and you will be happy. The service is just okay but the man at the concierge desk was quite lovely.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L8sho
<Content>Consistent as always The wife and I were there from 1/04/05 - 1/07/05. The quarter was nice, all the sugar bowl tourists were departing. The hotel was it's usual value for the dollar. If you want to stay in the most convenient location in the French Quarter this is it. You get more than what you pay for when you consider the location. I only live three hours from New Orleans and I have stayed in the French Quarter dozens of times, and the Bourbon Orleans is always my first choice. I would give the facility between 3 and four stars, but they only charge a three star price. Clean rooms with new furnishings, marble bathroom, decent restuarant, room service, minibar, ppv tv, valet parking. The location is in the very center of the quarter so you can walk or catch a streetcar to get anywhere. Give the keys to the valet and relax! ...Try a hand grenade from Tropical Isle directly across Bourbon!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trippy007
<Content>Armpit, Armpit, Armpit Great location, but really filthy. Moldy bathroom, dirty sheets. After contacting corporate, I did get a free coupon, but it made me afraid to try other Wyhdham hotels, so I never used it.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!!!!! My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights. He found a great rate through the Wyndham. I looked up the reviews on tripadvisor--- and was worried because there were some pretty bad reviews. Well I was surprised when we arrived and continued to be surprised throughout our stay. When we arrived they had upgraded us to a suite. The suite had a sleeper sofa, a balcony, and a loft for the bedroom. They had an ice bucket with our favorite beer, water, and mm's on the side. They had a turndown service every evening. It was very close to Jackson Square and the French quarter. Next time we visit New Orleans there is only one place that we'll stay, Wyndham Bourbon Orleans!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location! We visited New Orleans 1/20 - 1/23 and were so happy that we chose the Bourbon Orleans. It was in the perfect location - I mean smack in the middle of the French Quarter. We had a room with a balcony which was perfect for people watching. It was so nice to walk around and have it convenient to pop back to the hotel to drop off packages. The staff- concierge, front desk, bellmen- couldn't have been nicer or more helpful! Be sure to visit La Madeleine's just down the street at Jackson Square for breakfast. They had the BEST coffee, quiche Lorraine and croissants.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Opus-BC
<Content>Better than expected Returned to New Orleans after 15 years. The location is ideal if you're here for leisure. The hotel entrance is less than a block from Bourbon Street and there are rooms overlooking Bourbon Street. We had a room overlooking the pool so it was quiet. The rooms were large enough for two people and wasn't as garishly decorated as on their website (at least ours wasn't). It was clean and made up promptly each day. There was turn-down service at night, but no mints. If you plan to spend most of your time in the French Quarter, this is a good place to stay. It's a short walk to just about anywhere in the French Quarter, Harrah's Casino, and Riverwalk. There's a restaurant and bar in the hotel, but there didn't appear to be too many people eating there.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wiley12
<Content>Great Stay! We stayed at the Bourbon Orleans from January 6-10 and thought that it was the perfect hotel in a great location. The rooms are a bit small unless you are in a suite but who spends that much time in their room while in New Orleans. If you plan of spending a lot of time in your room other than for sleeping/recovering then maybe you should think twice about going to New Orleans.The decor of the hotel is great and you can tell that a renovation has recently taken place. We did not find the hotel staff to be rude but not extremely helpful either. Directions that were given to several locations were very poor and that makes a difference when you are traveling by foot or cab.The bar that is attached to the Bourbon Orleans is a great spot to watch a big game with the huge flat screens although stay away from any of the food that they may offer. Go find food somewhere else if you are hungry.Overall, a very good experiance at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rennovation Regarding hotel and room quality, it is only fair to read the post-rennovation (summer 2004) reviews. The rooms and common areas are nearly the quality of a new hotel. Our room on Bourbon Street had no problems and was nice and large. The staff is a different issue. In typical New Orleans service industry fashion, the staff leaves much to be desired. But this has been my experince at nearly every NO hotel so I wouldn't let it be a deciding factor. Simply be polite and firm in what you expect and things should go your way. We would stay there again. Get and interior room if you want peace and quiet--but why would you want that in the Big Easy!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davem60612
<Content>Perfect location, Crummy clerks... I come to N.O. every year and I try to stay in a different location each time, and I would rate this place as average. First, the location is just about as good as it gets and the building itself is interesting and quite historic. The downside is that, apart from the nice and knowledgeable consierge, the staff is sub-par. Also, some of the smaller rooms on the upper floors have paper thin walls. Good value for about 100 bucks per night though.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't pay attention to negative reviews My husband and I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans during our annual trek to New Orleans. This is our 5th time staying at the B.O. We had a very quick check-in and were pleasantly surprised with the room that we had been given; a 1 bedroom suite on corner of Bourbon and St. Ann. The housekeeping staff was excellent! I have read the negative reviews and they leave me wondering if these people would be happy anywhere they stay. This hotel along with most in New Orleans have been converted from very old buildings (banks, department stores, etc.... built over 200 years ago). There is going to be some mildew in some of the rooms in all of the hotels because of the high humidity in the city. We have learned that if you treat the staff with respect, they will treat you with the same respect and bend over backwards to make you happy. The front desk staff at the Bourbon Orleans were very nice and accommodating - they even let us in to their back room in the morning of our departure to use their computer and printer to check in and print our boarding passes for our Southwest Air flight.Thank you Bourbon Orleans for once again making us feel welcome!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel My wife and I just returned from the Boubon Orleans hotel for an extended weekend visit. I booked these reservations back in the Spring and had read many poor reviews since the renovation had not been completed. But then, prior to our trip in Oct and Nov, I was reading more and more poor reviews about this hotel and their staff. I am not sure what these people are used to, but this place was perfect. It has been beautifully renovated and the location is perfect.Our room was a very nice size and everything was brand new. We did not order room service or eat at their breakfast buffet because we know of too many other great places to eat besides a hotel. Right on Bourbon St. you have the opportunity to go party or the hotel has a very nice bar w/ live music nightly that was very clean and had big flat screen tv's showing sporting events.You are within walking distance of every main tourist attraction. No complaints what-so-ever. I did call them and let them know that we wanted a Bourbon St view and expected a renovated room. Not sure if there are still any that are not completed.Excellent trip.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Complaints We had a great experience at this hotel. On the night we arrived in New Orleans, we arrived at the Bourbon Orleans to check into our room that we had reserved for 2 nights. We soon found out that the hotel had been overbooked, but the manager had already set us up in another hotel (the Chateau Sonesta) in a really nice room at their expense (they even gave us cash for tipping at the Sonesta). When he found out that it was our honeymoon, he called over to the Chateau Sonesta and let them know that we were about to arrive and to have a valet ready and champagne in our room. The second night we were put up at the Bourbon Orleans in one of their best suites on the corner of Bourbon Street and St. Anne Street. This suite has 2 doors that open up to a balcony that wraps around the corner of the hotel so that you can look over both streets. The manager was extremely nice and helpful and the rest of the staff were friendly as well. All in all, we had a great stay!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The WORST hotel we have ever stayed in I wanted to place a formal complaint regarding the Bourbon Orleans in New Orleans. It was, without question, the worst hotel experience either Mark or I have ever had. I wanted to document what happened and let the owner and Wyndham know what is happening at this horrendous establishment. Thursday, October 14, 2004We arrive at the hotel at around 8:30. We check in and go up to our room on the 4th floor. It is at least a 5-minute walk to our room from the elevator, which is at the end of 3 long corridors. We arrive to find an extremely small room. We could hardly walk around the bed. There were no obvious light switches  the floor lamp was not working. We were finally able to fumble over to the bedside light and switch it on. We also realized that we didn鈥檛 have a minibar, though the front desk clerk gave us a key. We freshened up and went to dinner. We returned from dinner, exhausted, at around midnight. Mark pulls down the covers to find a paper-thin, old sheet covering a bare mattress. We also had two of the lumpiest, misshapen, old pillows we had ever seen. The mattress was old and creaky and you could feel the springs. It was completely disgusting. We called the front desk for new pillows, as we didn鈥檛 have the energy to remake the bed with a mattress pad. Someone from housekeeping showed up with two more equally horrendous pillows. Needless to say, we both slept fully clothed because we were so disgusted by the lack of a mattress pad and we had a horrible night鈥檚 sleep.Friday, October 15, 2004I wake up to have the most unbelievable neck pain. I called the spa 鈥淪hine鈥?in town to get in for a massage, because I could hardly move my neck due to the uncomfortable bed and pillows. Luckily, I was able to get in. Before we left for the day, I left a detailed voice mail with the manager that 1) we needed some decent pillows, 2) they needed to come change the linens and put a mattress pad on the bed, 3) the floor lamp wasn鈥檛 working and 4) we didn鈥檛 have a minibar. We come back to the room after walking around the quarter to find that none of the above had been done. The room had been cleaned, but the linens had not been changed (I left the card on the pillow) and the garbage was not taken out. I went down and talked to John Hirt, the manager on duty. I explained I left a detailed message and nothing had been done. He assured me that it would be taken care of. He explained that really the housekeeping manager is at fault here and he shirked blame to him. This time, someone did go up to the room to deliver new pillows and a mattress pad, but they just handed it to Mark and left. Mark had to spend the next half-hour stripping and remaking the bed. It was unbelievable that nobody offered to do it. You would think we were staying in a $39 per night establishment. It was mid-day and there was certainly plenty of housekeeping staff around at that time. I went down to pick up a package at the front desk and saw John and told him what happened. He apologized and offered us free breakfast at the hotel the next morning. Nice gesture, but once again, he didn鈥檛 follow through with what was asked of him.Saturday, October 16, 2004We went for our breakfast and walked around town at 9:30 am. We left the 鈥淧lease make up the room鈥?sign on the door. We return at 11:30 am and our room hadn鈥檛 been cleaned. We leave to go to our wedding at 12:45 pm. We returned briefly to our room at 2:30 pm and our room hadn鈥檛 been cleaned. We informed the front desk upon leaving at 3:15 pm that our room hadn鈥檛 been cleaned. We went to the wedding reception and returned to our room at 11 pm, exhausted, to find our room still a disaster area. We now had 3 days of garbage in our room, an unmade bed, no clean towels. Mark and I stormed down to tell John Hirt that once again, our room was a shambles and nobody has cleaned our room. I told him that we would be in the bar for the next 45-minutes or so while he has someone clean our room. He again apologized profusely (he does that well 鈥?he must be accustomed to it). He assured us that our room would be cleaned and bought us drinks. I am pregnant and hadn鈥檛 been feeling great, so the last place I wanted to be was in a smoky bar but we had no choice. We certainly couldn鈥檛 go back to our room. All we wanted to do was attempt to get a good night鈥檚 sleep before we had to get up at 5 am for an early flight home. We gave it over an hour and went back up to the room. The 鈥渕aid service鈥?sign had been taken off the door, but NOTHING had been done to our room whatsoever. I call the front desk, tell the clerk what happened and ask for John, and the clerk says that the manager will be up to handle the situation. We wait 20 minutes and nobody shows up. It is now 12:15 am. I call the front desk again and they say, 鈥渢he manager is just gathering a few things and he鈥檚 heading up to your room.鈥?About another 15 minutes later, another manager, Marty Tschteeter, shows up. John Hirt cleverly is now nowhere to be found; his shift was up and he left without following up on anything. Marty doesn鈥檛 seem to know what to do and just kept asking what the problem was and what could he do. We kept saying, 鈥淐lean the room, make the bed, remove the garbage, bring fresh towels!鈥?We asked for a new room and he said the hotel was completely booked. He seemed frazzled and said that he would clean the room himself. He then proceeded to take some armfuls of garbage and walked down the hall. He didn鈥檛 return for another 15-20 minutes, at which point Mark and I had made the decision to leave this god-awful hotel. About an hour had passed since we came up to the room from the bar and we were completely packed up. We would have rather waited in a terminal at the airport than deal with that disgusting room and deal with the staff鈥檚 unresponsive attitude. We checked out.This was without question, our absolute worst hotel experience we have ever had. I cannot believe that this hotel is somehow affiliated with Wyndham hotels, which I have always respected in the past. After this experience I will never consider staying in a Wyndham hotel again. The staff was rude and the management simply does not follow up and ensure guests are happy and comfortable, to say the least. There was complete apathy among the staff on every level. We were there for a wedding and many of the other guests that stayed at the Bourbon Orleans had other similar problems. Likewise, the bride鈥檚 parents had problems with the catering staff. They apparently attempted to charge them for 15 more people than attended their pre-reception cocktail party at the hotel and wouldn鈥檛 back down. Staying at the hotel really detracted from an otherwise wonderful, celebratory weekend with family and friends in New Orleans, a city I have never been to before. We are still exhausted from our lack of sleep and from the stress of staying at the Bourbon Orleans. There are serious problems that exist at the hotel at every level, from housekeeper to management. It is inexcusable and unbelievable to pay upwards of $199 per night (and that鈥檚 the discounted rate) for what felt like a hostel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved the Bourbon Orleans Hotel I first stayed at the Bourbon Orleans in February, 2000, when I was married in New Orleans. It was my first visit to the deep south, and it was a little bit of culture shock to me. The staff at the Bourbon Orleans was very helpful: the front desk clerk (sorry I don't remember her name) was as much a concierge as she was a front desk clerk. She took care of all our requests when we checked in-taxis, restaurant reservations, a tour, and cool places to go that weren't touristy. I've been to the Bourbon Orleans 3 times since then, and the service has not wavered. If travelers want to look at a bit of architectural history, please know that this hotel is the old Orleans Ballroom. I'll be back at this awesome hotel again in November, and I look forward to another fantastic visit in New Orleans.My marriage didn't last as long as my fondness of the Bourbon Orleans Hotel. I ABSOLUTELY recommend staying there.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Know your rate! We just had a three night stay at the Bourbon Orleans. Upon arrival, they had my rate at an entirely different rate (higher) than I had reserved originally. When I told them this, and that I had the verification in an email sent to me by Wyndham, they told me to go find an internet cafe and print my email out as proof. So, I did. Then, the desk staff still didn't believe my printed email! Long story short, I met with the manager, who fixed the rate problem - or so I thought. When I had to check out, it was at 4:40 a.m. to catch a shuttle for the airport---imagine my surprise when the bill at checkout was an even higher rate than they tried to charge on my first day! The front desk staff are not helpful (bordering on the rude). On the upside, the small breakfast buffet is good. I didn't even try room service after reading about long delays and poor service in the reviews of others who have stayed at the Bourbon Orleans. The new construction has made for some nice rooms; even the very small room we were in was comfortable with nice furnishings.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoBubs
<Content>Great stay at the Bourbon Orleans We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Bourbon Orleans. This was our third trip to N.O., and the Bourbon Orleans was the nicest place we've stayed yet. The staff was friendly, and helpful without being intrusive. The moment we pulled up in front the bellman and parking valet appeared to help us with our bags, and check in was easy. The location was GREAT--the middle of the French Quarter, a block from Jackson Square. The room was excellent--2 comfortable queen beds, plenty of floor space, a big closet and a good-size marble bathroom with plenty of counter space. We were travelling with 12 and 15 year old daughters, and they loved the place too--said they felt very comfortable there. We'll definitely stay there again on our next trip.I booked the rooms through the Wyndham website, and am a Wyndham ByRequest member. When we got to our room there was a nice cheese/fruit plate, 2 bottles of water and 2 beers waiting for us. If you go to this hotel you should enroll in the ByRequest program before you make the reservation.The rooms at the hotel have all been renovated, but there's still work going on in the ballroom/meeting rooms. We never heard any construction noise. Our room was on the 6th floor overlooking Bourbon Street. We weren't bothered by the noise, but folks with sensitive ears might be. The noise level depends on the bands playing across the street, and the number of people on the street.The pool was good, if heavily chlorinated, in a nice courtyard. We didn't visit the hotel bar, since the Tropical Isle across the street offered 3/1 drinks until 8pm.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel with excellent location My wife and I stayed here this past weekend for our anniversary. (8/13-8/14). It was great! The staff was very nice and did all they could for you. The location was perfect. One direction is the French market and Jackson Square and the other direction is Bourbon street. I will definitely stay there next time!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok to crash out in, not great for a vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans this past weekend after celebrating his birthday. Given the fact that we didn't actually check in to the hotel until 5am (woops!) everything was mostly decent, though there are a few things we thought we should point out. We had a slight hassle with the girl at the front desk when we (finally) arrived. We asked to check in, letting her know that we had called about an hour earlier and were assured that our reservation was guaranteed. She gave us a hard time saying things like no, it's not guaranteed, I'll have to re-instate it and it's not guaranteed because you guys have been out partying all night. Um, yeah. This is New Orleans. That's beside the point. She was rude and our check in was not as pleasant as you would expect, but nothing we were completely furious about. Our room was very small, but that's typical of this type of New Orleans hotel, it's just to be expected. Regardless, we were so happy to see a bed it didn't really matter. Beds are comfortable, everything in the room was new and functional. We didn't have much of a view, but we didn't really need one. I'd suggest specifically requesting a view if you're going to be staying for more than one night. In the morning we called for room service. The guy taking the order was a little rude, spoke fast and when he repeated my order to me it was wrong, so I had to repeat it to him again and then he repeated it back to me (correctly, thankfully) and hung up without a response. An hour later, it still wasn't in our room (and it was nearing check out time) so my boyfriend called to make sure they had it. The room service guy abruptly cut him off saying yeah, yeah, continental breakfast in room 449 it's coming right up then hung up. Problem was, we were in room 459, so we had to call back. This time the guy let someone else answer the phone! It was definitely a hassle just to get some pastries and some strawberries delivered to the room. They didn't send any coffee (that's supposed to come with it) but we paid full price for it, and the coffee maker in the room had leftover water and nastiness from the last occupant. None of these things were terribly important to us, considering we were only in the room for about 6 hours, but might be something to think about if you're planning to stay for a vacation. In the morning, I told the front desk girl that we were slightly unsatisfied with our stay, and she gave us 10% off the rate, so no harm done. All in all, the hotel is very pretty (nice lobby area) and has a lot of ammenities on site. We were thankful for a bed, but we probably will not be staying at the Bourbon Orleans again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjogg11
<Content>Good hotel in the French Quarter I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans for 7 nights, June 25th- July 2nd, and thought that it was a great hotel. I was on the fourth floor in a townhouse suite. I didn't find the noise to be a problem, however I was not overlooking Bourbon street. According to some of my friends staying on the third floor there was some noise from Bourbon but it could easily be blocked out by running the bathroom fan. If you don't want street and party noise talk to the front desk at the time of checkin to recieve a room away from the street. The location of the hotel cannot be beat. It is on the corner of Bourbon and Orleans right in the heart of the French Quarter. It is within walking distance of the Mississippi River, and the St. Charles Street Car to the Garden District. There were only a couple of small inconviences that we experienced while at the hotel. There was only one small trash can in the lower part of the room and none in the bathroom. There was only one phone in the room and it was located downstairs. The phone was cordless however the battery would occasionally die before the wakeup call and I would have to return it to the cradle in order to answer it and have the ringing stop. The wayport data connector didn't work and when I called the front desk they ensured that Engineering would be sent right up. Three days later it was repaired. The room service was decent. We ordered lunch the first day and it was excellent. Based on that experience we ordered breakfast the next morning. The breakfast was delivered 20 minutes late and the eggs were not very good. Besides that, the dirty tray sat outside our door for a full day before I called the front desk to have it removed. Overall, this was a very good experience. It is easy to pinpoint the minor inconviences but they were well worth the comforts of the hotel. The hotel staff was excellent and will go out of their way to assist you with anything you need. When I return to New Orleans I will stay at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful experience Stayed at the property last night ... room 658. The room was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen in my life! Granted, the rate paid was less than normal ($89.00 per night) but I was very surprised over the small size of the room.There were no Bath and Body Works bathroom amenities as reflected on the Bourbon Orleans website and we were not provided the normal amenities usually given a Wyndham By Request Member. Everything was OK until 6:45AM this morning when I discovered we were, apparently, staying right beside the room where the housekeeping staff keeps their maid carts. From 6:45AM until 9:00AM the staff talked, yelled down the hall to each other, SANG, and made tons of noise in the hallway as they put supplies, etc... on their carts.As we checked out the only response from the front desk to what we described was, I'll call their manager (no apology).And as we went down the elevator we were talking to other guests who were complaining about the construction noise early this morning (the hotel's reservations department promised me, when making the reservation, that all construction in the guest room area of the property was complete and there as no noise. WRONG.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just stayed at the Bourbon Orleans I just spent this past weekend at the Bourbon Orleans. This was my first French Quarter experience and I was very glad to be right there in the middle of the action. The location can't be beat. My stay was very pleasant from check-in to check-out. The renovations that the hotel has been undergoing are almost complete and the results are beautiful. All of the hotel staff that I came into contact with and dealt with were very accomodating and courteous and I very much enjoyed my room. I was in a 6th floor suite overlooking Bourbon Street and loved it. The only thing I would suggest to anyone making reservations is to be proactive in making room arrangements. If you don't want the noise and revelry on Bourbon Street to overflow into your room, then a room right on that street is not advisable. However, I loved people-watching from my window! I will most definitely be staying here again in the future.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliahuckabee
<Content>Had a great time I was a little nervous about our stay due to some of the bad reviews, but felt that I had to write. We had a marvelous time in New Orleans and the Bourban Orleans was wonderful. The front desk upgraded us to a Junior Suite on arrival (same rate) and scored big points with my 7 year old son when they gave him a stuffed Sponge Bob! He loved the pool and the breakfast buffett and my husband and I found the staff to be attentive, courteous and helpful. The renovations are almost complete and in no way impacted our stay. The only problem was that it was a little diffiuclt to cool our upstairs/downstairs unit due to the 98 degree days and a limited number of vents in the room, but it worked out OK. The room was very nicely appointed, as was the rest of the hotel. The location couldn't be better, in the heart of the quarter but no noise or disruptions. We would certainly stay there again.   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bourbon Orleans has gone to garbage  I have stayed at this hotel 2 years ago when i visited NOLA and again requested a townhouse suite overlooking Bourbon Street. It was very important that our room face Bourbon Street. Because i am due to have knee surgery, it is very difficult and painful for me to walk down Bourbon street. Having a balcony overlooking Bourbon lets me enjoy the activites and nightlight without having to actually venture out all the time. I explained this to them when i made the reservationand they assured me several times that I would get a Bourbon Street balcony. Well low and behold when I arrive at the hotel , they have me placed in a St. Ann Street suite. There are no more Bourbon Street balcony rooms left, they are over booked. The suite they gave me also had a hugh dumpster under the balcony. I am not talking about a normal sized dumpster, I am talking about the mother of all dumpsters. This is a far cry from the Bourbon Street balcony and view I was promised, and I expected. After going back and forth with the front desk and getting nowhere I called another hotel on Bourbon Street and they arranged for us to have a great balcony room righton Bourbon Street. The Bourbon Orleans front desk and staff needs to improve their customer service and people skills. Last time i stayed there I gave them a great review on TripAdvisor, this year, well, I will never be staying there again. It also cost me $20. to move from one hotel to another down the road., less than 2 blocks away. I could not walk it because of my knee and ended up having to pay a taxi $20. to move me and my luggage. thanks again Bourbon Orleans! If you make a reservation and are dead set on a certain room or location, check your reservation before you begin your trip, otherwise you may too end up staring at the St. Ann Street dumpster.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were treated like royalty We stayed here from May 17th - 20th. The renovations are nearly complete. The Bar area in the lobby is all that's left to be completed. The staff was wonderful to us. We are a Wyndham Card holder, and as promised (if available) they will bump you up. We were to have a deluxe double (two double beds) and were bumped up (for the same price) to a Junior Suite on the 5th floor overlooking Bourbon St. This hotel is GRAND. The new renovations to the beautiful lobby and to the rooms will take your breath away. We never noticed the sounds of Bourbon st up on the 5th floor. We were right across the street from the famous Fritzels Jazz bar - as well as The Funky Pirate where you can hear Big Al Carson and the Blues Masters play (if you go anywhere or do anything - Big Al should be #1 on your list - tell him Linda of the cousins sent you!) Also directly across the street is the Tropical Isle - where you can experience great rock bands and the most powerful drink in New Orleans - the Handgrenade. Jackson Square is two blocks away. Around the corner is the famous Preservation Hall and Pat O'Briens Pub. Shops galore - restaurants galore - and all you want to see and do. You cannot stay at a hotel more centrally located than the Bourbon Orleans - and now that renovations are nearly through - I'm sure you'll be nothing but 100% satisfied with your stay there. I can't wait to go back and I'd never stay at another place. ...and by the way - ...the pool and courtyard surrounding it is just as wonderful as the rest of the hotel. The restaurant is only open for breakfast right now (wonderful food)..but we are told by next year they will be open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. DO stay here - you won't be sorry.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST ANNIVERSARY EVER !!! My wife and I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Bourbon Orleans to celebrate our anniversary. We had been checking the reviews of several hotels and were a little disappointed by the reviews of the Bourbon Orleans but we decided to go here because of the central location. Needless to say we were pleasantly surprised. First of all, we had requested a King room on the Bourbon St side but none were available so we reserved a Queen room facing the courtyard. When we checked in and went to our room we found we had been given our wish of a King room facing Bourbon. The only area i cannot comment on is the food in the hotel because we did not eat there but everything else was great! The front desk staff, housekeeping and the bellman were awesome. Evidently we must have missed all the construction going on during the stay of former reviewers because there is no construction going on now. The rooms are recently refurbished and excellent including one of the strongest, hottest showers I have seen in a long time. Last, but not least, you have to factor the location. Out the door and to your left about 2 blocks is Jackson Square, out the door to your right less than 1 block is the excitement of Bourbon Street, it couldn't be any better. I definitely recommend the Bourbon Orleans and we can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay was great! We were terrified to stay here considering the horrific reviews on the internet, but we took a gamble anyway due to the promise of renovations and the PERFECT location. Our room and our friend's room were completely renovated....the bathroom was especially pretty. The noise outside is quite loud due to the location (it's on Bourbon St. and immediately behind Jackson Square on the other side), but you don't stay in the French Quarter unless you are prepared for some noise. Staff was friendly and tried to accomodate all of our requests. The lobby and a few rooms were still being renovated, but it didn't bother us at all. We'd stay here again!  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Renovations almost done Location is great -- right off Bourbon St. Beautiful room on the 6th floor overlooking the pool. Friendly service, good breakfast. Good deal on Wyndham internet rates.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A really bad hotel room for 200 dollars. Awful, Awful Hotel. This is not a Wyndham, it is a dump and I can't believe they put their name on it. We get a room that was tiny and had a view of a brick wall. The hallways are musty and hot as they are too cheap to aircondition them. I am a Wyndham by request member but was not offered an upgrade nor were there the usual welcoming drinks and snacks. The pool area was taken up by a loud reception all night the second night we were there and it was really loud. The rooms are not clean and the one we got was tiny and crampt. I can't believe it's 200 a night. We left after two nights and went to the Royal Sonesta. It was nicer and we had a better room for much less. There was no internet access I was told I would have to go to the ballroom, which was dusty and filthy to plug my computer in but the connections like in the room did not work. When I complained, the desk clerks did nothing at all. No one was there to greet us at the door and we carried are bags from the taxi to the desk then up to our rooms with no offer of help!This place is surrounded by gay bars that play loud music all night. Terrible place to stay. A real dump.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon almost ruined - Beware of the Bourbon Orleans I wish I had come to this website before I booked my honeymoon. I feel I have to leave a message now, and it seems things have not gotten better - now a year later. We checked into the hotel on Sunday, the day after we got married. First for the amount of money we were paying to park and stay at the hotel my expectations we high. Plus when I made the reservations, the lady assured me that as a By Request customer we would have a honeymoon to remember. Well, the valet parking attendant was rude - first warning. The check-in staff seemed rather pleasurable but not very welcoming. We get to the room. Horrible. It was smelly, musty and LOUD. I had requested a room on the side not facing Bourbon and quess what....we faced Bourbon. We asked to be moved. The guy was like well I can move you but those rooms are usually higher but I will just move you anyway - this guy did not do us any favors. We were tired and sleepy and when we walked in the room it did not look like it had been cleaned since Mardi Gras. There was this big red blob that looked like it had stopped midway in it's ooze down the wall - yuck. The bathroom was sub-par. My brand new husband asks how much are we paying for this room - ugh! At 3am I am awakened by the trash being picked up - this went on for hours. At 7am we hear the sweet sound of a JACK HAMMER. Foolishly the hotel has brochures in the lobby that lists other hotels in the Quarter. At 8am I had found 2 other hotels to call and get rates. At 9am we were getting dressed and on our way to another hotel - which by the way was absolutely wonderful. Beware of the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Rooms Really Really B-A-D OK, here's the thing...we stayed in one of the higher story, smaller, non-balcony rooms for Jazzfest last year. There was vomit in the mini-bar, a giant musty stink in the room (not just the normal New Orleans 'old' smell), and empty bottles under the bed - I am not kidding. My sister also stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights at the same time. Her room was a two-story room with a balcony and they gave her a fruit plate (no joke). Her room was totally fine - ours was the worst room I've ever had in New Orleans - and I've been traveling to NO for almost 20 years now. If you are going to this hotel, make SURE you request a room number you are familiar with. Oh yeah...one more thing...I PAID MORE than my sister for the horrific room we got. In my book, this just sucks, and even though *some* rooms are OK, I will NEVER stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the worst experiences ever! Where do I start on this one. We knew renovations were going on before we went but we inquired as to when the renovations would be over and where they would be in the hotel. The ending date on the construction was given as February which echoed comments on tripadvisor.com and we were told we would be housed away from the construction. Well guess what? Banging and sawing began at 7am not 9 as listed in the note from the manager in our room and construction while mostly in the courtyard was also 2 doors down from us. This project has many months left to it if I had to guess. I'll just list the other problems otherwise I would be writing all day. No room service on Sunday and Mondays ( the two days we stayed), the By Request beverages are for 1 and not 2 as stated by the front desk when I called down to get a 2nd beverage for my wife, no manager was on duty when I went to complain on Monday, no concierge on Tuesday when we wanted to explore one last day, the maid took the soap and shampoo out of the bath so when we showered the next morning we had to get back out of the shower and find these items, the firealarm went off for 20 minutes straight one day, we had to go to the omni to find an employee who could tell us where a particular restraunt was, I had to open the toilet top to get the water to stop flowing endlessly, the front door had to be jiggled to open each time, the tv had a snowy screen on most channels, and I had to bring in my own bags from the curb because all the bellhops were busy.... So all in all, a horrible experience and I'm in the process of writing a detailed letter to the management. I travel on the road an average of 80 days a year for the last 12 years and I have no problem overlooking lots of small stuff but this had to be in my top 2 of worst hotels. We stayed at the Wyndham Whitney for 3 nights too and highly recommend that instead.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kirstynmj
<Content>Excellent hotel, Excellent Location My fiance and another couple stayed at the Wydham Bourbon Orleans and loved it. There are currently renovations going on and they are set to be finished by the end of Feb. We had 1 of the new rooms on the 6th floor and they were great, clean, accomodating, and spacious. We had a great view of the French Quarter and downtown. The location is awesome. You're 1 block from Bourbon and close to all of the great resturaunts, tours, and stores. I would totally recommend staying at this hotel. The staff was polite and accurate and they gave us some helpful tips on touring New Orleans. If you do go, have a drink at the hotel bar. The bartender there is a hoot and he can tell you all the great ghost stories about the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm glad I took the chance! After reading the mixed reviews here and on Travelocity, I was hesitant to stay at the Bourbon Orleans. I found a great deal on the Wyndham site and decided to take a chance. It was wonderful! True, the lobby smelled a little musty and the reception desk was not luxurious; but the room was great. I stayed on the 6th floor, which is the renovated section. The room was very comfortable with beautiful fabrics and a French provincial style. The bathroom was modest in size, but the marble was gorgeous. I am a Wyndham-By-Request member; everything I requested was waiting for me along with a hand-written note by the manager. High-speed Internet access was free and extremely convenient. I set it up within a matter of minutes with no interruptions in service. Speaking of service, the staff was very friendly, attentive, and professional. They worked with my requests with a positive outlook and without hesitation. The location was perfect, too, nestled in between Bourbon and Royal Sts. I visited many of the shops on Royal St. and had dinner at the Court of Two Sisters, a short two blocks walking distance. Also two blocks away (in the opposite direction) was Cafe du Monde and Jax (for shopping). Driving in to the hotel from the airport was a breeze and driving out to Chalmette was easy, too. I could not have asked for a more perfect hotel! And the best part was that I spent less for the hotel room than on the rental car (and I got a great deal on that, too!). I definitely recommend this hotel and will consider staying at the Bourbon Orleans if I visit New Orleans again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teesmc
<Content>Not worth the $- No A/C and musty We stayed at the Bourbon Orleans for JazzFest last year May 2003. We had 2 townhouse rooms with balconies overlooking Bourbon St- and that is the ONLY good thing I can say about the place. The carpet was constantly damp and musty. The furniture was shabby and the bathrooms sub-par, but worst of all was the A/C!!! We sweated each night in the humid rooms, and the hotel did nothing to fix the problem. They gave us 5% off our bill which was a drop in the bucket for the rate they charged during JazzFest. Stay at the Ramada on Bourbon, you get the good location and a clean place.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will stay there again! The renovations on the hotel are coming along. There is still work being done, but the rooms that are finshed are very nice. I will stay at the Bourban Orleans again. The location is wonderful and the hotel is beautiful.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catnip
<Content>Such A Disappointment Don't stay there unless you absolutely have no other place to stay. While most of the employees are friendly, it doesn't make up for the horrible rooms.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Bourbon Orleans I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Bourbon Orleans in August, 2003. The staff was friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived. We were pleasantly surprised that our modest room had been upgraded at no extra charge to a townhouse suite due to renovations. They did this without any fanfare whatsoever and had arranged it before we checked in, not due to any complaint by us. The room itself was a bit worn but the beds were comfortable and there was no mold of any kind. The only real problem was that the large double doors that led to a balcony were stuck shut. The management sent someone to try to open them but the wood was swollen and it wasn't possible (the doors would have been destroyed in the process). This was understandable as the place was undergoing renovations. The hairdryer didn't work but other than these two problems everything was fine. The location is ideal as it's in a quieter section of Bourbon street yet is steps away from the cathedral and Royal St. We are musicians and the staff was very helpful, whether allowing for us to do an impromptu concert in the lobby, (even copying flyers for us!) or helping to ship a large instrument back home again. The pool/courtyard area is just beautiful (just wish it was open a bit later at night) and the old-style charm of the interiors makes the hotel very appealing. The hallways were clean and well-lit and the elevators had the spooky knack of opening their doors for us by themselves, (before we ever pushed a button!). The construction seemed to be isolated well from us. We occasionally heard a hammer or drill off in the distance but for the most part it was hard to tell that major renovations were going on. In short, we felt very welcome at the Bourbon-Orleans and will be sure to return there again-the New Celebration Jazz Band gives a hearty thumbs-up!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable Difference If you're going to New Orleans and want to stay in the French Quarter, this is the hotel. I was curious about the hotels reputation, especially after reading some of the input here. I stayed in a new room and have not seen a nicer room in the French Quarter. I walked around the hotel, and let me tell you the difference. The 6 floor is the newest one so far...The ceilings are at least 2 feet higher in the halls, and it all has new carpet new wallpaper new paint and lighting... Unbelievable transformation! Everything is new they said. Even the AC units. I still can't believe it's the same hotel and Wyndham should be very proud of this property. I had to write this and guarantee there will be a lot more people saying good things about it. Awesome property and awesome staff.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience 10/02/03 and Wyndham corp. doesn't care Went to New Orleans for a wedding at the St. Louis Cathedral. Spent 3 nights at the Bourbon Orleans, signed up with the Wyndham rewards program ByRequest. Arrived at the hotel and found the door greeters friendly, nice looking lobby.Front desk confirmed our reservations and told us they were undergoing rennovations. We had booked a townhouse room with a loft and balcony (according to the web desription of the room. Also, as a ByRequest member, had free high speed internet access at no charge). Had to remind desk staff that we we ByRequest members (they said Oh, you sure are.). Got placed in a first floor room, which I thought odd considering it was to have a balcony. Go in the room and yes, it NEEDS renovation, but it is not real bad. Yes, there was a loft for the bedroom. Furniture throughout was quite worn and beat-up. Desk had no chair and of course, the room had no balcony. Asked the front desk for the balcony room as we had reserved. No deal...all full up, no waiting list in case of cancellation. Oh, what about the advertised ByRequest amenities? The front desk personel had that ominous deer caught in the headlights look, uh, they'll be delivered shortly. In other words, never. What time do renovation begin each morning? We are told not until 9:00-9:30. Sounded unusual, but okay. Next morning, we get wakened by the sounds of a drill and a hammer...the paint smell came later....all this at 7:30 a.m., every morning.Ok, let's setup the laptop. Go to the front desk to get the connection cable. They'll have to send one to the room that afternoon. Cable shows up and spend the next hour trying to get the port to work. It's all plugged up, but no juice. The front desk staff has no clue and only an Oh well.The sink in the living area apparantly had a leak, cause the carpet is soaked. We call and tell them of the trouble, somebody will be right over. Late that afternoon, housekeeping arrived to mop up the carpet. The leak was never fixed and requests to move rooms denied.Saturday night ran into a couple at the bar downstairs...the ONE good thing about the hotel was the bartender Layne I believe. (makes a heck of a Bloody Mary). Anyway, we got to talking and come to find out, they had just called the hotel on a lark Friday morning the day before, and received a room with a loft and balcony. Not their fault, but we had been lied to again by the staff.Get home after a fabulous wedding and write a complaint on the Wyndham website about our experience. (Complaining at checkout was met only with a we are under renovation, sorry for your trouble.) Three days later got a corporate response, that Wyndham-Bourbon Orleans was under renovation, they were looking forward to their new wonderful hotel and they were sure everything would be better. They were sorry for our bad experience and they appreciated us staying at Wyndham. That was it. Oh, and they would discuss our issues with the staff. In other words, completely blown off.Stay at a Wyndham at your own risk. They may make assurances of your satisfaction, but absolutely refuse to back these promises up.I have stayed in many hotels and this is the fiorst time I have ever felt compelled to write a negative report or complain to corporate. It is also my first and last time at a Wyndham. If you have any other options...take them while you can and beware of Wyndham non-refundable rates!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really sucked I stayed at this hotel for business in October. They were still doing renovations. They put me on a floor with rooms being renovated. I stayed at hotels being renovated before, I was never placed on a floor still doing renovations. They usually close off the floor which the Bourbon Inn should have done. It was moldy and smelly. One day the floor smelled like sewage. The next like bleach and the next like acetone. I couldn't change rooms because there were none available. There were holes in the walls. I had double beds in my room. One bed had a large hole right next to the bed and the other bed had no springs in the mattress. The conference rooms were extremely small for the amount of people we had reserved for. Most hotels also offer business services. This hotel couldn't even send out fed-ex for me. The only positive about the place was the resturant was good but expensive. I wouldn't stay there again and am disappointed this is a Wyndam chain.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location; so-so hotel We stayed here 9/17-9/21. I read the reviews going into this so I was not expecting a 5-star hotel. This was my 5th time in New Orleans and my priority on this trip was having a hotel with a central location. That part fully met my expectations as we were close to everything! I've stayed at the Windsor Court before (now *that* is a luxury hotel) but there's something to be said for not having to repeatedly cross Canal Street to/from the French Quarter. I'm not a fussy person or a chronic complainer, so I feel my review of this hotel is not exaggerated. From the outside we first noticed a huge scaffolding on the entire face of the hotel (the part facing Bourbon). It turns out they are just starting a badly needed remodeling project starting on the 6th floor and working their way down. Only on one morning did we notice any construction noise, and they must not have worked on the weekends. The person at the front desk was pleasant and helpful. We had 2 of the multi-level suites booked and only one was ready so we took all of our stuff there. I noticed immediately a musty smell, and the drapes seemed dusty - an allergy sufferer's nightmare. I doubt they had been cleaned for years. The hallways were kind of scary as well. The room was supposed to have a mini-fridge but was not there (ours did had one, however). Our room had drapes but no sheers which might not have been a problem if we hadn't been on the first level. If we wanted any light in the room we had to leave the drapes open, which meant passersby could just look in our room. One guy even stopped and stared at some things on our desk thinking it was a storefront! When he saw us looking back he became startled and quickly left! Our hairdryer was broken and after 2 calls it was replaced. The faucets in the bathroom were needing something...they didn't just drip, they would actually spring back and pour out water full force. They probably want you to think it's part of the hotel charm and blame the tricky faucets on the resident ghosts, but I'm pretty sure the real explanation is much more mundane. The staff seemed friendly and helpful (front desk, concierge, and bellhops/doormen). I know other people have complained about the service, but the major faults I found were with the actual facilities, not the people. I'm not sure if I would stay there again -- it may depend on how well their remodeling project goes!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AVOID AT ALL COSTS! STAY AWAY! LISTEN TO YOUR FELLOW TRAVELERS! I booked this hotel through Priceline.com. I was very surprised to get this hotel for $60. I thought, Wow! What a great location!...and it is a great location...and THAT'S IT. I wouldn't have paid $6 for this hole. The hotel itself is horrible. It is filthy, just like everyone one this board says. I, too, had the exact same problems as everyone else. A/C is inadequate, and there is mold EVERYWHERE (and I don't care how humid it is, or how high the water table is, there's NO excuse for mold and filth. There are plenty of other hotels in N.O. that are in the SAME climate, but they don't have mold. It is a housekeeping issue), dust and hair were all over the place. (I could've started a hair-transplant clinic from the specimens in this room.) The windows are filthy, bathroom had more hair than that of a nest of molting Sasquatch. There are stains on everything, and all you can do is sit in your hot room and wonder what caused them all. I honestly think that housekeeping simply threw the bed back together from the previous guests and closed the door...they certainly could not have cleaned it. Complained to management immediately. Manager's secretary handled the complaint since the front desk was completely apathetic. I, too, was upgraded to the townhouse suite. (I think that they keep several of these suites available for complaining guests after reading everybody else's experiences...it seems to be the standard solution.) The townhouse was on ground level with people walking by all hours. Not a problem except that the curtains didn't close. So much for privacy! (Why go to Bourbon St. for a show when you can walk by and watch the unhappy guests in the complainer's townhouse suite??) This suite was also just as filthy and moldy as the rest of the hotel. After three room changes, sweating to death, and inhaling God-knows-what from the dirt and mold, I demanded my non-refundable payment back, and after screaming and jumping up and down, I got it. I moved to the Place D'Arms and from there completely enjoyed my New Orleans vacation. AVOID THIS HOTEL!! Wyndham has gone downhill big time in the last few years. I will no longer stay with them ever again. They are horrible, with very unhappy employees.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great weekend getaway! My husband and I visited the Bourbon Orleans on July 19-21. We were reluctant to stay there and actually cancelled our reservation due to bad reviews. After a few days of thinking about it we contacted Wyndam again and reserved the room for the weekend. The location was great! If you are looking for state of the art, brand new, etc... dont stay at the Bourbon Orleans, but if you are looking for a historic, pretty, well located hotel this is the place. The staff bent over backwards to do anything for us. We arrived at 9:00am and did not expect to be able to check in until 4:00pm. They advised that they were sold out the night before but we could change in the restrooms and lock our bags up. By the time we changed and met with the very helpful bellman our room was ready (maybe 20 minutes) Yes the rooms are a little worn but they are in the process of a major renovation. The courtyard was beautiful, very intimate with beautiful plants, gas lanterns, cool pool. It was very relaxing. I might suggest also to visit the Wyndham Web site and become a Wyndam by request member. It is free and you will receive a welcome gift in your room of your selection. We selected Cheese and Crackers, Cokes, Bottled Water. We also requested our room be stocked with extra towels, extra pillows. Everything was as requested. If I visit again I will definately stay at the Bourbon Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Undergoing a Refurbishment A friend and i recently stayed at the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans in early July. We checked in on a Sunday and were upgraded from a standard room to a two story townhouse suite with a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street by the most helpful front desk attendant, Christie. Sunday is most definitely the day to come in as the hotel will have been emptied after a weekend and upgrades may be available if you ask nicely.Given, this is a historic hotel, but it has seen better days. This is why Wyndham is spending millions on a total refurbishment beginning on July 7th and ending at the later part of the year. You must realize that the hotels on Bourbon have some of the highest guest turn over rates because of location.The carpet was stained (and green I might add), the wallpaper was worn in places and the furniture scuffed, but this is still a great hotel with a friendly and accommodating staff. I wouldn't suggest paying the rack rates at the property because of the condition...look for promo and weekend rates until the renovation is completed.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CRAP-OLA I stayed with 6 friends in the Bourbon Orleans in Mid June this year. Our room was dirty and had mold growing on the walls. Phone didn't work. AC didn't work. Tried getting ahold of a manager and were not able to. Did no good complaining. Staff didn't give a hoot. Dark and damp. Smelled musty . House Keeping was a joke. Random doors open in hallways, no guests I guess. Holes in the walls, Missing Pictures from walls. The Bar was never open. DON'T STAY HERE. Stay away. This hotel is a joke. We all stayed here a year ago, and this hotel doesn't even compare. Don't know what happened to the MANAGEMENT, but something obviously did.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Part of its charm I was really nervous about staying at the Bourbon Orleans after reading the reviews but found it to be just fine! Yes, there was peeling wallpaper in the room we stayed in and it was definitly dated decour, however, each room is in the process of getting a $50,000 renovation. That's EACH room and they just started it so you're not going to see a change yet if you go now (summer 2003). The staff told me by January you should see a noted difference. Don't forget, it is a very old hotel but, for me, that was a part of its charm. Our room was definitly clean and the staff was helpful. If you go, just don't expect state-of-the-art amenities, you'll be disappointed, but if you want a feel of history and New Orlean's peculiar personality, I highly recommend it. I would go back in a heartbeat, even w/o the renovation!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this one! For your own sake, PLEASE avoid this hotel. I stay in a lot of hotels during the course of the year. Sometimes I travel on business to rural locations and have to stay in motels that were built in the 1950s. I'm not terribly particular. But the Bourbon Orleans was the worst experience of my entire life. I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in March and discovered that all the terrible reviews about this hotel are true. It is old, but there is no excuse for the deplorable conditions in the rooms. I know that people who party in the rooms make it difficult to keep a hotel in the French Quarter looking perfect, but mold growing behind the wallpaper (which is why it peels) and under the carpets is unacceptable. The surfaces in the bathroom are the same surfaces that were installed in 1966 when the building was converted to a hotel. I returned home after this trip and was sick for two months and I believe that it was due to the mold. Every fabric surface in my room had some kind of stain on it! When I checked in, the people in line in front of me were swtiching to their third room because the previous two were unacceptable. The basic problem is that this hotel keeps filling up and making Wyndham money because of its location. It will stay this way until people start avoiding it. It's a complete dive!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pinders
<Content>Fabulous Location! We stayed at the Bourbon Orleans May 22-26. The location can't be beat - it's a close walk to everything in the French Quarter. The lobby is beautiful, the building looks great on the outside. We checked in and were upgraded to a townhouse suite with a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street.Okay ... the room itself was a bit shabby, but it was large and comfortable. We had a bar area, desk, small table, a raggedy sofabed, several chairs, two TV's, and a double bed and bath upstairs. The view from the balcony was great. You could watch all the commotion going on down below from the comfort of your balcony, sipping away on a mango mama or brewski. You will need your earplugs if you want to sleep. Even with them, you can still hear the pounding music.Our maid wasn't very good. When you returned to the room, you couldn't really tell if it had been cleaned unless you went upstairs to see if the bed was made, and new towels delivered. Also, our hair dryer didn't work, but they promptly delivered a new one. Hmmm ... and only one remote control for the TV's. You might want to avoid going barefoot in the room ... the carpet wasn't the cleanest.The pool area was really nice, but there weren't enough chaise lounges (or I always went out there during prime time).There were a couple of bachelor parties going on next door -- I felt sorry for the housekeeping staff for those! All in all, I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nasty, nasty hotel This hotel is just filthy. The floor in our room had never been vaccuumed in the corners nor along the baseboards. Our curtains were literally in shreds. The wall behind the toilet was wet and crumbling. I leaned against the wall in the hall and got my slacks dirty--it has never been dusted. We killed 3 extra-large cockroaches in our room. Friends stayed on the ground floor and couldn't see through the nasty windows. The A/C vents have black hairy dirt hanging from them. I would never stay here again. I know it is an old building, but it certainly could be kept clean!!  
<Date>May 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bourbon orleans We stayed at the Bourbon Orleans from April 17th, 2003 to April 21st, 2003. At check in the lobby looks beautiful and the location is excellent. We are By Request members with Wyndham and they didnt have that on our reservations so the kind girl upgraded us to a townhouse suite with a balcony. Sounds great, RIGHT? We walk in and this room was so dirty I would not stick my dog in this room. Spider webs all over, dirty comforter , just plain filthy. Tried to call down to front desk and phone does not work. Got switched to another room. Slightly cleaner but not by much. We put air conditioner on and head out for dinner. Back to room and the air does not work, Probably because the vent is dirty with garbage. Go to front desk and demand a clean room with air and two bellman to help move us for the second time in one day. Well one bellman and another move later we finally get into another room. This room was ok, nothing great. Mold in shower, dark bathrooms and still dirty. The next day I sat in the lobby and talked to other guest and everyone had the same story. This hotel needs major renovations. The rooms need to be gutted. I should have listened to the mixed reviews and stayed elsewhere. The hotel just doesnt care, because they fill the rooms. Take my advice DONT STAY HERE. Anyone can email with questions at dd8765@aol.com  
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you have to read this! I have been to a huge ammount of hotels and i can tell you from experience that this one should be looked at with a small ammount of caution. It was absolutely the best hotel experience i have ever had. The staff was courtious and on top of things. The room was spacious and well kept (considering). the location was absolutly the best possible. YOu must however keep in mind a few things before going. This building is over 100 years old and due to laws in the french quarter it can not be torndown and completly rebuilt by wyndham hotels (thy would have if they could have) but its condition in comparison to other hotels in the french quarter is very very good. (i had friends stay at nearby hotels and this one was much better. Keep in mind the whole city is like 5 feet below sea level and the air is very moist. A note about service-It was excellent! Keep in mind that the city is packed day and night by rude and obnixous drunks. I recived horrible service at resturants, bars, and stores but its not there fault after the 300th rude drunk guy you gave customer service too it's hard not to think the next guy is gonna be the same way. the bourbon orleans was an exception (although not the best service i ever had anywhere it was the best you will get in new orleans!)One last note. It is an awsome location! YOu are right in the middle of the action! Tropical Isle (world famous handgranades) is 30 feet away. Laffetes black smith great atmosphere (terrible terrible service) is less than a block! If in anyway you can get a suite do it!! Wow! Awsome view of the action!!!I would like to thank Ray Camp the reservations manager for this excellent trip and everyone else for a great week! Email me if you have any questions if you know it's not a typical Wyndham hotel it will be a great experience!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marigoldlady
<Content>Be warned The only good thing about this hotel is the location -- right in the heart of the French Quarter, easy access to everything. I have to say that the staff was very friendly, too. However, the rooms were awful. The first room we were given was miniscule, with peeling wallpaper, tons of mold on the ceilings and walls, and a broken overhead light fixture with bare bulbs, tin foil, and a jagged-glass shade. The second room was not much better, but the light was not broken. However, the air conditioning did not work. On to room number three. We were upgraded to a townhouse suite -- two floors, bedroom on top floor, and living area downstairs. It was better. Still somewhat moldy with a dirty bedspread, but better. It overlooked St. Ann Street, but wasn't noisy at all. We stayed four nights, and the room was cleaned on time, and we always got fresh towels.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good... Considering A friend and I just returned from a weekend stay at the Bourbon Orleans. Our room was great, the price was great and the location can't be beat. Service is another issue. 1) When we checked into our room, we noticed that the iron was missing. Early the next morning, I called the front desk to ask that one be sent up. An hour later, it still hadn't arrived. No biggie - I could get by without it at that time. We stopped by the desk on the way out and again told them that we still didn't have an iron and could they make sure one was placed in our room. When we returned it was finally there.2) On our way out that morning (around 7:45) we asked that our car be brought around at 9:00 am - we had a spa appointment to get to. We returned from breakfast at 8:55 and no car. At 9:10 we again asked about the car - no one had gone to get it. We waited another 10 minutes for them to bring it around.3) We left our dirty towels  washclothson the floor to be replaced by housekeeping. They took the dirty items and never replaced them. We were never given replacements for soap, etc. either.All in all the hotel wasn't so bad. We were supposed to be charged $25/day for parking and only one day out of two was charged. The biggest bonus is the location. We were literally within extremely short walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go - only a block or block and a half from all of our favorite pubs.Would I stay there again? Yes, and as a matter of fact I already have reservations for next month.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excelent The Bourbon Orleans has a very rich history, being 300 yrs old this hotel is excellent. The service is great. The staff was wonderfull and despite the hotel being haunted which you might not know had a plesant stay. And no it's not a dump at all. I had a room with a balcony over Bourbon street and it was very relaxing. I recomend not going during a very busy time you might not get the best room. And the other reviews were probley by people whom stayed during mardi gras and im assuming their rooms wouldent be up to par then beacause of all the drinking and people being drunk and wrecking rooms other than than that I give this hotel a 10. And if you arent under a small budget I suggest Mr.B's for you to eat at the food is faboulous.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Place Is A Dump!!!! This hotel is a Dump!!!! When making my reservation, I was told that this property has had a $50 million dollar renovation and it was fabulous. What a joke!!! We were charged $220 per night for a townehouse suite that was filthy!! We went out and spent $28 dollars on cleaning supplies just to get rid of the smell and mildew in the room. Tried to speak to the manager but they never returned calls. Hole in the wall, peeling wallpaper, furniture falling apart, carpet pulled from the floor and drapes ripped from the hooks hanging in the windows. We did get moved to a different room after 2hrs of complaining!!! We spoke to 4 other couples that weekend that had the same complaints as we did. All said they would Never return to this Dump again!!! We are also Wyndham By Request members.......but that doesn't mean anything here!!! Stay Away from this hotel!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad for the price, but... I dont know of another hotel with as much controversy as this one. People seem to love it or hate it. I was there in late October 2002 and overall it was fine. Front desk was very nice, but knew less about New Orleans than I did! Concierge, when present, was helpful. I was upgraded to a balcony room which was an added value, but had I paid the balconey room rate I wouldve been very disappointed. I didnt really have any complaints about house keeping except I could've done without them showing up at 8:00am one particular morning. I also thought the room was incredibly dark. They did let me stay in the room on the last day well past ck out time and didnt charge me. Actually certain charges that shouldve appeared on the bill didn't. I'd say overall it was a positive experience. I only paid $129.00 for a balcony room and that was over Halloween so it was definitely a good value. The hotels location is also a plus, practically dead center in the French Qtr. It's no OMNI Royal Orleans (my favorite) but then its not OMNI prices either.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Waste Your Money This place is a joke. Was probably nice in it's early days but is definitely NOT worthy of their rating. Rooms are old, run down with peeling paint, chipped tiles, disgustingly dirty carpets. Was not worth the money I paid. Service at the front desk was good when I checked in, as they screwed up my reservation and only had me down for one room (I had reserved two and confirmed three days prior to arrival). Front desk service went downhill from there. Night prior to my departure, I asked them to secure me a cab for a ride to the airport the next morning at 5:30am. They said no problem, just call the front desk in the morning. I called when I got up and 45 minutes later, still no cab. Guy at front desk was not helpful in the slightest and made no efforts to expedite the process. Cab finally showed 45 minutes later than planned...made my flight as they were closing the door. Bar in hotel is a joke. I recommend the Place D'Armes for the best stay in the city. Excellent rooms, location, atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2002
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

