<Author>GrizGirl81
<Content>Wonderful hotel!!! This hotel was one of the best places I have ever stayed. Well worth the price. The front desk help was wonderful and very committed to helping with questions. The rooms were immaculate (we had to stay in two because we got stuck overnight trying to fly out and had already checked out of our first room). Very impressed with the housekeeping staff and their friendliness as well.Arctic Club was within 5 minutes of Qwest and Safeco field and close to Pike's Market. We took the metro bus from the Airport and were able to end up directly at the hotel after getting off at Pioneer Square tunnel.Definately a must stay!! Check the travel websites for great web deals on the rooms.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ternstail
<Content>Unique Seattle hotel with outstanding service We stayed two nights at the Arctic Club during a recent visit and were very impressed with the remarkable restoration of this early 20th Century men's club. The attention to detail in the public areas and sleeping rooms was superb. Loved the top hats and fancy collar display at the front desk. Staff was helpful and polite and the Polar Bar is worth a visit after a day of shopping. Be sure to check out the lovely Dome Room on the third floor. First class all the way.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ontheroadagain77
<Content>Fabulous New Hotel - Great Find This hotel is gorgeous! It's a newly renovated building that's quite impressive. It's done in an old style reminiscent of the Klondike Gold Rush days. It's luxurious yet the staff is not at all pretentious. I felt genuinely welcomed and was treated much like a VIP. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Besides the stellar service the highlight for me was the bed. It was incredibly comfortable with soft sheets and lots of fluffy pillows...I didn't want to get up in the morning. The room was spacious and there was lots of room to work. Great amenities by the way. There are two beautiful bars. One, the Polar Lounge, in the lobby, is very unique as well as comfortable...great roomy, soft couches. The bar in the restaurant, Juno, is great too. The drink menu is extensive and features really fun, different, and delicious cocktails. I had dinner in the restaurant and loved it...great food - very tasty, with friendly and attentive service.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PaulSEA1
<Content>Great decor, noise a critical problem This is a beautifully remodeled hotel just finished in mid-2008. The decor is very tasteful and classic. The furniture and in-room ammenties are top notch. The chef is formerly of the top-rated Herb Farm restaurant and offers inspired dishes for both the restaurant and for banquet functions. Every element of service at the hotel was excellent during out stay.We stayed in room 309 for a romantic evening out but could not sleep due to many noise issues. There was a continuous sound of beads in a rock tumbler coming from the ceiling. The HVAC was very loud when it cycled and worst of all the windows are not sound-proofed. The sound of the busy street outside was as loud as if the windows were open. It was so bad we checked out and went home at 2am.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hoteluserCanada
<Content>had some issues Treated well by staff but were put in a handicapped suite which had no high clothing hangers. As a result I left behind a pair of expensive pants that I hung elsewhere in the room where they wouldn't get creased. Although they promised to expedite shipping, after a more than a week they had no idea what had happened to the pants, couldn't seem to figure out how to call me on the phone..all in all, I got passed around for days and remain enormously unimpressed with their lack of organization in this regard. TIP: always do a triple idiot check before leaving because their enthusiastic response of getting your items back to you doesn't pan out.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Comfort_Please
<Content>Luxury Trumps Space Believe the reviews when they say that the rooms are small. But they are luxurious. Although there were service missteps, some related to the hotel still getting up to speed, the staff was very anxious to make amends. Beware the tourist map you get from the too chatty concierge which seriously misrepresents the distance to the Asian Museum as being much closer than it is. It's a hike and a half. Finally, the in-house restaurant, Juno, is really good, offering an inventive menu and terrific service.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigdriver222
<Content>Very Nice Downtown Great stay and great service. I arrived late and they were ready for me at the desk - even knew my name. The room was as requested - high floor and a quiet corner room. Nice windows.The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever been in at a hotel. The sheets were soft and cozy. The pillows perfect. The bathroom was well decorated and the details were great (loved the shampoo). Only a few minor issues: The room was a little dark - talking about lighting - so at night even with all the lights on it was a bit dim. The jetted tub was kind of short for my 6 ft frame but worked nicely. The HD TV was great except that the HD tuner was 鈥渙ut鈥?and I could not see any of the HD channels (including ESPN). The exercise room was relegated to the basement (which only one elevator will access) and it was very hot with the track lighting 18 inches over the treadmill (I turned it around while in there). Also they had the 鈥渓obby music鈥?(which I liked 鈥?Jazz) playing so loud it was tough to hear my iPod.The concierge was helpful in finding me a nice place for me to eat and watch Monday Night Football within walking distance. The employees were gracious and attentive. I wish I would have had time to play the antique pool table in the lobby. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>akpal
<Content>Excellent All Around We had our wedding here and I just can't say enough good things about it. Beautiful setting, over-the-top helpful staff, great value. I feel lucky that we got in here in the beginning, because I'm sure they will booked from here on out.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trixie-tt
<Content>Great Experience at the Arctic Stayed at the Arctic Club for 4 nights. Staff was wonderful doing everything they could to make our stay enjoyable, had great suggestions on places to go and the easiest way to get there. Everyone from the concierge to the doorman to the housekeeping crew was great and very attentive. Location was wonderful, only 1 block from heart of Pioneer Square, ~3 blocks from the ferries and the free downtown buses run right in front of the hotel to tak you nearly anywhere! Rooms were stocked with all types of great goodies, great bar that had patrons every night and the onsite restaurant Juno also consistently had people visiting. Would fully recommend to everyone next time they are in Seattle!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DeAnne44
<Content>History, Beauty, and Superb Service We stayed here after reading about the recent remodel. We were in Seattle to embark on an Alaskan cruise, but the Arctic Club was one of the real highlights of our whole trip. I spent some time just photographing the lobby, bar, and gorgeous banquet hall ceiling. The beds are luxuriously comfortable, and you can't help but be impressed with Glad to go out of my way for you attitude of every employee. What a treat!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RickInArizona
<Content>Too Small, Too Noisy, Too Far I stayed in the hotel four nights in October, 2008, alone. I got a king-sized upgrade, which I thought would mean more walk-around space in the room (I'd read these reviews before booking). Alas, the rooms are small and have extra furniture, so I always felt like I was staying in a bed-and-breakfast. For example, the flat-screen TV is on top of the dresser-sized storage cabinet for the coffee/tea service items and refrigerator/mini-bar.The views out the window (my room was ninth floor, windows facing east) were of parking lot and rooftops; nothing worth looking at.The room air handling unit turned on and off every four minutes (just the fan, I think, although there was a little clunk with every activation), and it's not quiet. I discovered that I could set the thermostat so that the fan is always on High, which acts like a noise machine. You definitely need a noise machine though! Like other guests, I noted that this neighborhood is noisy (many sirens at night, lots of loud trucks, busses, and cars) and the windows are not well-soundproofed. The mini-bar refrigerator is also noisy, and runs about 15 minutes, once every hour. It's enough to wake me up when it cycled on. There was no plumbing noise, and no noise from the hallway or from any adjacent room.I thought the hotel was far from the interesting things in Seattle, even though I was prepared to walk. It's a long walk from the hotel to the Washington State Convention Center, and about the same distance to the Pike Street Market (twelve city blocks, estimating). This wouldn't be too bad if the city was flat, which of course it's not. The neighborhood near the hotel is also a bit troubling; there are a lot of characters lurking, and a host of payday loans stores and missions for the folks on the streets.There's no happy news on car parking. If you don't need a car in Seattle, don't rent one! The hotel has valet parking for $33/day and the lot right next door will charge more than that for 24-hour parking. The parking police are very vigilant in Seattle. I found a good garage on James Street just west of 2nd that offered $23/day for parking, so that's where I left the car.I had no high-definition (HD) channels on my room TV when I got there, and they couldn't get it to work until the last night of my stay. I got a different excuse from a different person each day, and they finally agreed to switch out the TV itself (or so they said) to give me the HD service. There was no offer to adjust the price for this problem... I didn't make an issue of it, either. It's just TV.I found the coffee maker to be difficult to use; it's not a Mr Coffee like you'd usually see. The unit is a French Press style, which is probably very good for making excellent coffee (and the hotel does provide Starbucks coffee). However, the water has to be heated in a separate carafe to boiling, then poured into the coffee, and then the press has to be assembled over the hot liquid. Maybe this is something one could get used to with practice. I ended up with coffee grounds in my coffee, coffee splashed on the table, and generally an unusable mess. And if you want more than one little pot of coffee, it is a real mess to clean it out (don't pour the grounds down the sink drain!) and start again.The room and bathroom are lit very dimly. Another guest has commented about this. Let me add that it's difficult to get dressed in the dark, particularly if you need to be extra-sharp. There's no full-length mirror. There is PLENTY of hot water, though.I have to say that I didn't like the mini-bar being locked up completely. Maybe they thought it would prevent theft of the liquor from the refrigerator, like might happen at a cheap motel. But at this level of customer and this price-point, I expect a usable refrigerator for my own use, not just a noisy out-of-sight waste of space. Heck, at this price, they should stock it with free bottled water and soft drinks, in my opinion.I won't be staying at the Arctic Club Hotel again. There are too many things that can't be made right: It's too far from where I wanted to be, it was too noisy for comfortable rest, and I felt like I was staying in a small guest bedroom in an old house rather than in a high-priced hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	3	3	2	

<Author>katmuMn
<Content>Loved the Arctic Overall, a few items they're still working on I stayed in the smallest room type (Room 903)at the Arctic Club for 3 nights while attending a conference. Check-in was smooth and courteous. The room, while small, was I think one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in. The bathroom had a nice shower with a rainfall style showerhead, and was nicely decorated (marble top on a washstand vanity, vintage style light fixtures). I was expecting the room to have a queen size bed, but this room had a king. The bed was extremely comfortable, with nice pillows and a fluffy comforter. Housekeeping did an excellent job throught my stay. The room includes a flat screen TV, a DVD player, a minibar that I used as a refrigerator, CD alarm clock, comfy lounge chair and a desk and chair. The 9th floor had only been open for about a week so there were still a few issues. I had to call to get the electronic safe activated and have an iron delivered, but these items were taken care of quickly. 2 things I would change would be to add an additional outlet near the desk to pull in electronics and additional soundproofing on the windows, as there was significant noise from sirens. There is a small gym on the 1st floor, but no pool. I would stay here again if I could get another deal similiar to the price I paid this time.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gallbaugh
<Content>Great experience considering just-born hotel! I stayed at the Arctic Club in late Sept '08, approximately 11wks after their opening and had a wonderful experience. I traveled alone and was visiting Seattle for work. As is typical with hotel openings, there was still some work (construction, employee training, amenities) to be finished and refined. Compared with hotels I've visited at this same stage in their 'new-ness', the Arctic Club was a total pleasure and a great experience. I would stay there again and recommend it to others (and I am usually a bit more finicky than most!). What I liked: the whole hotel and onsite restaurant, Juno, has agressively adopted 'green' practices (very few paper napkins, sustainable materials, etc.). The food from the restaurant is inventive and healthful, with great variety and tastes. The hotel's decor pays homage to the hotel's lineage as a men's club in the late 1800's, with era portraits of members arond the 2nd floor area as well as in each of the rooms. The rooms, though on the smaller side, were well-appointed with great, comfy beds (down comforter, wool blankets, feather beds), flat panel TVs, welll-stocked desks and mini bar, and big windows. The rooms are fairly well-lit (one of my hotel room pet peeves), but the bathroom needs an add'l light in the bathtub. The bath products are Kiehl's, which is really luxe. The check-in and bar area (on the 2nd) floor is very pleasant and relaxing, the night I was there, I rubbed elbows with a variety of friendly downtown Seattle locals who were playing pool. My check in experience was good, except for the fact that the first room I was given had an open bag of pretzels on the bed and a glass in the sink. The front desk was more than happy to give me another room, quickly, and as luck would have it the room next door was open. If the hotel was more crowded, this could have been a worse experience. The room service I ordered was delivered quickly and was tasty (oatmeal and fruit), and they even offered to bring it up 'immediately' when I called to say that I wouldn't be in my room during the 30min interval I had indicated on my breakfast order card. Nice touches: the first day I was there I rec'd a note indicating that due to some construction work, the electricity would be 'on and off' for a chunk of time during the day. Luckily , this didn't affect me since I was away all day, and the hotel compensated by providing a few continental breakfast in the bar that morning.My experiences checking out, storing my luggage, and asking for local directions were all positive, though when I asked if there was a grocery store nearby, I was told no. When in fact, I tripped upon a very nice Kreiss store on 2nd street near Pike's Market.The location of the hotel was well placed for my purposes and I was able to walk to Pike's Market and arond downtown and to the waterfront/embarcadero quite easily and quickly. This is a great hotel for couples or business, but I would not reserve here if I had my young children with me (due to space), but if I did, I would predict that their staff would go out of their way to accomodate my children's needs.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>isolde
<Content>Definite issues The renovations are beautiful, amenities great, staff helpful, and restaurant delicious. However, there are problems.I stayed at the hotel on a business trip for 5 days and booked a standard room. The room was extremely small, which would not have been such a problem if they hadn't stuffed it with superflous furniture. They squeezed the desk in between the wall and foot of the bed, left no room for a desk chair, and working at the desk required me to lift the desk chair from the side of the room, carry it over the bed, and repeat the process when finished working. The desk chair could not stay in place and allow you to walk past the desk. When I registered my complaint with the management, they admitted that the rooms are very small, and offered me an upgrade for an additional $100/night. My per diem allowance would not cover the cost for a larger room (nearly $300), so I stayed put and was forced to use the laptop on the bed. I tried to change hotels, but my conference hotel was booked. If you are on a business trip and need to work at your laptop do not choose the Arctic Club. For the price of a larger room here, you can find a hotel closer to the downtown area.The hotel is in the financial district, which shuts down at 5 and stays closed all weekend. It is several blocks to a drugstore, there are only a few good restaurants in the immediate area, and you need to take a taxi anywhere else at night.The price of a larger room here really can't be justified by the admittedly great public spaces. Stay somewhere else and go to the Arctic for a drink at the beautiful bar.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Paul_SVancouver
<Content>Double Charged! While the hotel itself was nice, I was deeply troubled when the Hotel billed me twice for the 2 night stay. The nightly room rate was something like $290 and i paid $749.69 upon checking out. I was shocked therefore to find a separate charge to my Credit Card by the Arctic Club Hotel for an additional $658.28!! Calls to the Hotel have not yet received any response, I was merely directed to leave a message for the Hotel Management... I will not contemplate staying at this hotel again until they rectify their error and take steps to prevent its recurrence!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>beachloafer
<Content>Pluses and Minues First, the pluses:Location is great! You are within walking distance to pike place, and several cafes and restaurants. The hotel is very trendy, and very clean. The restaurants (Juno) is FABULOUS!Minuses:If your room is on 3rd, bring earplugs - LOTS of street noise overnight. The hotel is still really in work, you have to use the service elevator. There is no gym or pool. It's really more expensive than it's worth!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	2	3	2	

<Author>dayatthebeach2008
<Content>You will love this place! I stayed here for 4 nights in Sept 08 - a single woman on business in the city. I will definitely return! The hotel is beautifully renovated to reflect the style and elegance of the gentlemen's club it used to be. My room was delightful. The food is superb - everything I selected (and there are some unusual things) from the room service menu from the Juno restaurant was delicious. The staff is friendly and efficient. The bar is magnificent! This place is a must-see. I even liked the location - a 15 minute walk from the convention center, just away from the busy busy shopping and tourist area, so it's quieter. Overall, I loved the grand architecture, the decor, the people and the food. Good luck to you, Arctic Club - you have a bright future!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arb43
<Content>Beautiful facilities, overall highly disappointing The space is beautiful and well appointed, and we were excited to stay there, but there were lots of problems. They are not definitely not fully up and running, and the value for the price was greatly lacking.They still have one non-functioning elevator, and no benches on the floors, so waiting is tiring for anyone with physical disabilities or limitations. (I'm recovering from illness - this was an issue.) In addition, the one working elevator completely broke down several times during our stay.One of the 2 phones was dead (wiring, not phone), the stereo in the room didn't work, the TV was not properly hooked up, and the water on 6 floors was shut during one of our nights there. We had to change rooms at 2:30 in the morning, because mild stomach upsets left us with an absolute need for flush toilets.The toiletries provided are exceptionally nice, but in 4 nights, they were never replenished. We did not have a hotel directory in the room, nor did we see the invitation to the Juno grand opening cocktail party until after the event, tho it was supposed to be in every room. And one of the afternoons, after a long day walking the hills of Seattle, we came back at about 4 and our room hadn't been done.The staff was very helpful, and genuinely concerned.This has the potential to be a grand and very classy hotel, tho the location is not great. However, it is still very far from finished. Give it at least 6 months to a year to iron out the bumps (and verify that the elevators are functioning before you go.)  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>benleon
<Content>Worth one visit I usually stay at the Olympic Fairmont in Seattle where I do a lot of business. The Fairmont was sold out so my admin asst booked me into this new (yet unfinished) grand restoration of an old men's club. There are two stunning public spaces - the lobby and the ballroom. And the rooms are beautifully done. But I don't think I will return if I can help it. For one thing, this is not a great neighborhood - with a check-cashing and payday loan shark right across the street blaring their services in bright neon. Also, there are not enough elevators in this building - two main ones and one service elevator - and you wait a long time to get up or down. I would come back if I couldn't get into one of the hotels closer to the better part of downtown.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chilly18
<Content>Wonderful wedding night My husband and I stayed here the night of our wedding in August, 2008. As other reviews have said, the hotel is a beautifully renovated building and the interior is elegant and takes you back in time to the gold-rush era. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We arrived after midnight and they checked us right in and had even let a friend of ours check in for us earlier in the day so our stuff was waiting for us in the room. We made a reservation only the week before, and when we told them it was going to be our wedding night, they upgraded us for free to a room with a whirlpool for 2 (it really was pretty roomy). The king size bed was super comfortable -- the linens and pillows were soft and fluffy (we were also exhausted so probably could have fallen asleep anywhere, but it definitely was very comfortable!) In the room they give you comfy robes and the toiletry products are lovely and high quality. The interior of the room was a combination of classic and modern. Our bed-side tables looked like old-fashioned luggage trunks, which was a cool touch, yet at the same time there was a large flat-screen tv and other modern touches. We had breakfast the next morning in the Juno restaurant. Our room package came with Continental Breakfast, which was quite substantial (lots of pastries and yogurt with fruit). We were really hungry so we ended up ordering entrees in addition (omelettes) which were delicious. There is still some minor construction going on inside, particularly with one of the elevators, but we didn't find it to be a problem. All in all I recommend the Arctic Club for a unique, romantic, classic place to stay. You definitely won't feel like you are staying in a chain hotel -- the Arctic Club has a definite sense of character.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Travellingcutie
<Content>Fabulous new hotel for Seattle       Walruses on the outside of the building  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>rexwilson
<Content>Not yet ready, too many kinks, felt taken advantage of Just stayed at the Arctic Club, and there are still way too many things incomplete. It's a shame that the hotel management decided to rush the opening. While they will eventually get the kinks out, the same management will be in charge. These are people who have made it clear that they will take short-cuts for a quick buck. Doesn't leave me feeling good about the hotel. That management style will remain well after the hotel is completed, and I wonder what other problems or will arise.I won't dwell on the issues that were related to the hotel not being completed. One of the permanent problems with the hotel is that almost half of the rooms face a dismal collection of roof-top mechanical equipment, and an unsightly parking lot. The hotel is not well sound-proofed, and the rooms are right on top of a lot of noise. The fitness room is a tiny tiny basement room which feels like part of the boiler room. The hot water takes a very long time to get hot, and even then is just barely above warm. The mini-bar in the room was noisy (silent ones are available, but apparently the hotel didn't spring for those). While this was a beautiful renovation with a lot of promise, the charm of the stylish decor quickly starts to wear thin. I was left feeling scammed.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vacas911
<Content>Awsome place to stay My husband and I stayed here sat aug 16th .We were going to the Seahawk game that nite and found this hotel to be a great location for walking.Awsome staff from the time we checked in till we checked out.Juno was fun and great food.Drinks in the polar bar AWSOME.We had friends meet us there after the game.I left my purse on the couch and was happy to find it safe in the hotels lost and found.EVERYTHING was still there.The bed was one of the best we have ever slept on .We stay downtown at least 4 times a year and always pick a diff hotel.We will return to this hotel in Dec.Room service was great!! The slice of ham that came with breakfast was bigger that the plate.French Press coffee,Robes,Desk with all kinds of things you might need.I think parking is the only thing I was alittle turned off about.Book your room through the front desk and you can get a AAA discount that will help offset the parking.Cant wait to go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mskdcooper
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Great Service! My friends and I stayed at The Arctic Club July 28-30 and we all loved it! The hotel is gorgeous, the staff are very accomodating, and the beds are probably the most comfortable I've ever slept in! We arrived early, and our room wasn't ready, so they held our luggage and called a cab for us which arrived in all of three minutes. Upon our return, a very friendly staff member took our luggage up for us, and caught wind of the fact that we were celebrating my birthday. Shortly thereafter, a bottle of champagne was delivered to our room with a card wishing me a Happy Birthday. The front desk was very helpful with our dinner reservations, restaurant information, and anything else we needed assistance with. They also took care of our web check-in for our return flight and printed our boarding passes for us. We were all extremely impressed, felt very pampered, and agreed we could not have found a better place to stay. There is still some work being done on the top floors, only one of the two elevators is operating, and guests do share this elevator with the workers, but this was not an inconvenience for us at all. The four of us all agreed we would recommend a stay at The Arctic Club without any trepidation. We also agreed that Seattle is a great city for a girl's trip!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cbrannoc
<Content>Great Old Hotel that looks new. We stayed in the Hotel 5 nights. Upside: This 1917 hotel is beautiful with all the original charm intact. The room was very well appointed with plenty of room for a city hotel, comfortable bed, ipod docking stereo and French press coffeemaker. Hotel staff were very friendly, knowledgeable and responsive. It has a great location that allows one to walk to almost all the major downtown attractions. Farther sights are a free bus ride away and the bus stop is virtually in front of the hotel. Downside: Construction continues on floors 9 and 10, one elevator is closed down leaving the freight elevator and 1 passenger elevator working. We had no problems with the construction. We stayed on floor 8, but heard no construction noise. As we were so high up, taking the stairs was not really an option, but we had no real problem getting an elevator. We did occasionally see construction workers on the service elevator, but they would get off when we got on. I get the impression the staff is working hard to make the best of the elevator/construction situation. We will definitely stay here again when we return to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AJDuke
<Content>Classy with potential My husband and I stayed at the Arctic Club Aug 12  13 2008. The hotel had only been open for a month, with mixed reviews, but it sounded intriguing. The building itself has been beautifully renovated and is on the National Historic Registry. The design team did an excellent job of preserving the character of the building while making it very comfortable and user friendly. The staff was extremely professional, helpful and accommodating. We had a room with a view on the 6th floor, plenty of light and very spacious, while still be a standard room at a very good rate, especially for Seattle in the summer. The location was slighly off from downtown, but easy walking distance to everything and right next to Pioneer Square, which has a lot of galleries and the feel of historical Seattle. We ate at the hotel's restaurant Juno several times and were quite pleasantly surprised by the inventiveness of the menu and the execution. The only downside we experienced was that the elevators were being repaired so they look like they are under construction, but this should be resolved shortly. Overall, this hotel is a gem and a great value and i would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RLgirl
<Content>Loved the Arctic Club Hotel We had a very enjoyable stay at the Arctic Club Hotel. Yes, they are still working on the renovations, but we were certainly not inconvenienced by the workmen.Our room was comfortably furnished. The decor is masculine, which is very fitting for the history of the building as a gentlemen's club during the pioneer years. The bed is the most comfortable that I have ever slept in. The sheets , towels, and bathrobes are luxurious. The bath products are made by Kiehl's. The staff was helpful and courteous. The valet parking was convenient and quick. We stopped in at Juno's for dessert upon returning to the hotel after an evening out. It was good. Breakfast was also good the following morning.I was surprised that the hotel allows pets. Which is great for those that choose to travel with them.The building is fun to see. They have done a fantastic job restoring it. We were not bothered by the city noises, or the view of other buildings.... It was great being in a beautiful city!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelswithmimi
<Content>Best Staff but still a few kinks We picked the Arctic Club because it is walking distance to Safeco field.Arrived on the Cherry Street entrance. Check-in was easy and we went to our room. Still just one elevator under construction but it wasn't not too long to wait. The room was nicely appointed and well cleaned. We collapsed on the wonderfully inviting king sized bed and got rested up.We ate at Juno for dinner. Appetizers were excellent and well presented. The price was quite reasonable $5-$6. The Entrees were in the $20-$30 price range and included interesting choices such as lamb and pork loin. Excellent service.That night we placed our room service breakfast selection and went to bed. The street noise on 3rd was really bothersome. Perhaps better windows would help but the bus stop is just in front (which is convenient during the day but irritating during the night) and it was noisy all night long. Our wake up call was a real person...nice touch. The first one in the shower had hot water...the second shower was luke warm. The third shower was cool. The bathroom lighting is very dim....good ambience but not so good for make-up. About 30 minutes before we had to leave in the morning our room service had not arrived so we dashed down to Juno for breakfast. We told them we were in a hurry and our order came out in about 5 minutes! The great staff made it work. The breakfast ran around $13.00 for the hearty meat, eggs and potatoes but the steel cut oatmeal was only $5.00 and delicious. They serve Starbucks coffee and that is always a HUGE benefit.There is a fareless zone for the bus so we rode all over the city and were dropped back at the hotel without any expense. I decided to soak in the jetted tub and again I had luke warm water. The jets were powerful, in fact the intake screen sucked my hand up against it and took off some skin.....be careful.We must have adapted to the noise because we all slept better the second night. Our breakast came right on time...at least part of it. Only one entree was delivered and we were assured the others would be along in 10 minutes. (It was 90 minutes later but we had fallen back to sleep and didn't miss it.) They have a very good work out room with up to date equipment.Our third night was noisy again but we slept okay. As mentioned in other reviews there are some issues to work out but I have to say the staff is the best as far as trying to fix problems. The hotel is beautiful (although a little dark) and with the great location (about half way between the downtown area and the sports fields) and excellent staff this could become one of Seattle's best places to stay.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>K8NYC
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Service       Building Detail  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChicagoCassiopeia
<Content>I want their beds! My son and I stayed there for 3 days while sightseeing. I am so glad I picked this hotel! The building is beautiful with stone walrus heads on the outside and memories of the original men's club inside. You must check out the dining room on the third floor. I had to take pictures of the stained glass dome.Service was very professional although they had only opened a month earlier. The rooms are very spacious (we had two queen beds) but on the sixth floor we could hear the traffic outside on Third. It wasn't a very big problem and we slept 13 hours the first day. The beds are phenomenal; by far the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The robes were a very nice touch.My only complaint is the cost of the breakfast in the lobby. I knew it was continental but at a cost of $12.95 per person, it was not worth it. We did not eat at the Juno restaurant in the hotel, nor did we order room service, although their dessert offerings were almost irresistable! We were told to enter on the Cherry side which was a little confusing, given their address and the direction from which we arrived.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PhoebeCaulfield
<Content>Beautiful, comfortable but still needs to iron out some kinks..       bathroom door  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>acjester
<Content>Enjoyed Seattle The hotel was very nice. Really enjoyed viewing the photos of the club members back when it was a men's club. They took those photos and put them on the room keys--nice marketing touch! The room was nicely decorated--the bed was wonderful. My only issue was that the lighting in the room could have been better. I don't know if they were using energy effecient light bulbs or just creating a mood--it was hard to read and do my makeup (they did provide a really nice lighted mirror, but I still would have preferred a bit more light). I also encountered problems with medium hot water--not a big deal. Finally, loved the location--very easy walking distance to the market, shopping, dining...  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cricket267
<Content>A Wonderful Night in Downtown I was very impressed with the Arctic Club. It's true that the hotel is still undergoing remodeling, but we were not inconvenienced during our stay. The atmosphere is wonderful- a lot of little details that helped to capture the feeling of being in an old men's club. The service was impeccable; all of the staff were very friendly and helpful, especially at the bar.We stayed in a basic room with a king-sized bed. We were very happy with the accommodations. My only gripes about the room are that the shower wasn't very hot, and there was no view- just rooftop outside our 4th floor window. The location was very convenient, we could walk everywhere with ease. I didn't feel insecure in the least walking in the area on Saturday night.We had a great night and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Love_Those_King_Beds
<Content>It's nice, but not ready for prime time Arctic Club Hotel is nice, but we ran into a few snags. At check-in, they gave us a standard room on the 2nd floor when we had booked a premier king room with a jetted tub. After what seemed like 10 minutes, the staff 鈥渇ound鈥?a room for us on the 7th floor.This was fine, but because the hotel is in an old building, not designed to be a hotel, it has minimal sound proofing and the street noise was still bothersome from the 7th floor. The hotel is on the corner of 3rd and Cherry and our room was overlooking 3rd, which is a major bus route for transit buses. We could hear them roar every few minutes when they stopped at Cherry St and took off again. This continued until past 10:30pm on a Saturday night and picked up again about 6:30am on Sunday morning. Weekdays might be even worse due to a higher volume of bus activity. The decor is very hard and masculine. This is probably by design to reflect the building鈥檚 origin as a men鈥檚 club. The walls of the lobby are covered with formal portraits of early 20th century white men. Perhaps these are the members of the original Arctic Club ?. There was also a similar portrait in our room along with two pictures of what appeared to be early 20th century Alaskan natives, one with a nose ring, over the bed. Not the ambience for a romantic getaway.We had been told at check-in that a Continental buffet breakfast was offered in the bar in the morning. If we wanted more of a bacon-and-eggs type of breakfast, we could go downstairs to the restaurant. We partook of the buffet (granola, yogurt, salmon, fruit, pastries, coffee, and juice,) but were surprised to receive a bill at our table for $12.95/person + tax. Nobody had mentioned that there was an additional fee for the buffet so we thought is was included. In credit to the staff at the front desk, they waived the breakfast charge because we had not been told there would be a fee, nor did it appear anywhere around the buffet that we could see.Be ready for pricey valet parking, although the valet staff was very attentive. $38.00 plus taxes for a total of over $44.00. All staff members were friendly, but they seemed powerless to solve problems and had to go to the manager for help with each problem.Best amenities: new and clean rooms and public areas, great coffee at the breakfast buffet, blow dryer, jetted tub, bathroom amenities, comfy bed, noon check-out.Worst amenities: street noise, decor (too dull and masculine), seating in the bar for breakfast (low and uncomfortable for dining), and elevators (slow and cramped with unfinished interiors), in-room safe ( it was too large for the closet space and needed to be turned sideways to fit, which made accessing it very difficult ).Tip: Even though the hotel鈥檚 address is on 3rd, the main lobby is easiest to access off of Cherry. The same goes for valet parking. Pull up on Cherry. They have someone who will greet you on 3rd, but you need to take the elevator up one level to get to the lobby and they also need to send someone around the corner to get your car. Coming in on Cherry just makes the overall process easier.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Timetravel31
<Content>Beautiful historic hotel! Felt as if we struck gold! We just checked out yesterday (Monday, July 28, 2008) and returned home to Orlando and my daughter is already thinking of going to Seattle with friends just to stay again! Yes, a little work is still going on (elevators mainly). But, we were not inconvenienced at all! The hotel is beautiful! The rooms are luxurious, the bathroom was large and we always had hot water at the ready. The Kiehl's products are a nice touch. The location is ideal, we walked to the mall, took the monorail to the Space Needle, walked to Pike's Market, food and shopping a plenty all right there. We arrived at the hotel at the end of our Alaskan cruise by taxi. The taxi driver hadn't been aware of the hotel at first. Which may explain why other reviewers had trouble when requesting a taxi. They may be a little too new for the cab companies to all be aware of them and their location as of yet! But, it won't be long! Also, when it came time for us to leave and head to the airport, a taxi happened to be right there ready to go! Every single staff member we dealt with was very friendly, extremely helpful and very attentive! KathrynOrlando, FL  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lady50
<Content>We will go back! Fabulous hotel!       The bar in the restaurant Juno.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>smcintex
<Content>I thought it was wonderful... Well, I too, was there for the opening and stayed for nearly a week, and despite the few tiny things that happened, this is my new favorite hotel! It is absolutely gorgeous. (My feeling is that those people that gripe about tiny little things that would naturally occur during an opening of any event or project are obviously looking for things to whine about.) Yes, the elevators were having some problems, but I would rather have them closed rather than risk our safety by taking a chance. Yes, the health club was not finished, but upon check in, was immediately given the access to the lovely health club in the tower across the street. The internet was a bit intermittant on the first two days from the third floor up, but it was ALWAYS a strong signal in the lobby, in the bar, and office/work area. By July 11th, the signal even up on the 7th floor was strong and constant for the remaining five days of my stay. The decor at this hotel is beautifully done, and does give the feeling you are in a men's club, years before. The theme and the rich colors and the artifacts are carried throughout the whole hotel. My room looked exactly like the photos on the website ( http://www.arcticclubhotel.com/ ) and of course everything was new and shiny. I loved the French press coffee service with the nice thick mugs, and the beautiful damask sheets on the comfortable bed. Thick turkish towels and a microfiber, terry lined, embroidered robe hung in the bathroom upon my arrival (I ended up buying one of those; it felt so good!), and the Kiehl products were a nice touch. As for the service, I felt they bent over backwards to try to make the opening smooth. Vanessa at the front desk was a bright spot in every day, as was Jerry (head concierge) and the great doormen. The bar staff knew their products as well as the menu inside out, and I enjoyed spending time down there to eat, (the attached restaurant would open after I left) indulge in beverages, and work. Although I now live in Texas, I grew up in Seattle in the sixties, and also lived eight years in Alaska, so it was my great pleasure to have a moment in time in this contemporary luxury property that captures a bit of that connection from the past. I will definitely stay there again. :) Sue C. in San Antonio  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DenverMookie
<Content>Will be great...but not yet We stayed at the Arctic Club and didn't even know they were going to open the SAME day we booked our arrival- July 9th. They worked hard to overcome all the issues of not being ready to open, but it just wasn't enough. We're so easy going- we just laughed about getting high on paint fumes every time we opened our room door. Lucky for us it was a hot day and we really wanted to cool down with a cool shower because the hot water didn't seem to work for the first time. (It was fine the next morning). We also got a kick out of how the front desk staff jumped at every question like they were skittish rabbits. They really did try hard. I do think the manager should have welcomed every guest with..., Hey folks- sorry we are not entirely ready to open yet...here's some free drinks at the bar or a discounted rate. That would have at least acknowledged the obvious. Don't get me wrong- the location is great, the hotel is beautiful, and the ceiling in the ballroom is stunning. They just need a little time to get things in order.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>mageditor
<Content>Not up to snuff Sadly I echo the first reviewer. This hotel, whose opening has been delayed numerous times, opened prematurely. Only 1 elevator, and the service elevator were working but both were dirty and covered in plastic/or moving pads. I don't mind a hotel having a soft opening, but I expect them to advise me as such when we book and then adjust their rate accordingly. When we checked in they had no record of our reservation (which had been made directly with the hotel 3 nights prior) and instead of apologizing and fixing the situation, they waned to grill me on just who I had made the reservation with - when I said it might have been a Laura the clerk shot back - There is no Laura here. Ah ha - they caught me trying sneak into a sparsely booked hotel and pay the full rate. Our room was small (we had booked the lowest rate), but everything worked and I thought the retro design was very cool. Ditto the lobby, the bar and the main ballroom - all stunning spots. I want this property to succeed - it is a cool concept- but I fear they may have a way to go.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgirl955
<Content>Beautiful location....sub par ammenities and service This hotel had just opened when we visited, and in my opinion they opened prematurely. The property is nice, however there were quite a few issues that we encountered from the minute we arrived. They only had one elevator operable, and it was almost always filled with workmen that were finishing details on the hotel. So, we often had to hike up to the 7th floor where our room was located, or wait for 10 minutes for a ride up. The fitness center that was advertised, did not exist - and it was a major debacle asking the hotel to assist with finding a facility to use nearby. The internet was not working, so it was impossible to get any work done during our stay. And forget about getting a cab - we called a half hour ahead to ask for assistance with a taxi, and it took an additional 20 minutes after the time we had specified. The hotel rooms were also without hot water from time to time over our 3 night stay. There were lots of blank stares from the staff when we approached them with the issues we encountered. (I am cutting them come slack wth this review because they are newly open. )The entire experience was a mess...and to be honest we would have checked out immediately after we checked in, but we were there for a wedding and didn't want to offend the bride and groom. As a frequent traveler, I would highly recommend the Pan Pacific or any other high end hotel in the area for business or leasure over the Arctic Club. Go have a drink at the bar if you want to check out the place - the bartenders were the highlight of the experience for our group.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	1	1	

