<Author>apanemo
<Content>Nice minimal hotel We went for a weekend in Barcelona and Ayre hotel was very nice in a very nice quiet area, and the staff was really helpfull. Was very clean, nice and cody. Very comfortble rooms.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vpv23
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here in February 2008 for two nights. The staff was helpful and the room was very spacious. It is not terribly close to the center, but we walked from the center to the hotel with no problem. As long as you have a map of the city and a map of the metro, you're set to go anywhere. The staff is more than happy to guide you.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jaymo70
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Ayre Hotel Caspe... We stayed at the Hotel Caspe for three nights in early September. First impressions on entering the hotel were that this hotel had a modern contemporary look and feel to it, with bright, spacy areas and funky-looking furniture in the reception area. Staff were friendly and very helpful - on entering the room we found that the safe was not working and reported this immediately, at which point a member of staff was despatched straight away to our room to fix it. The room itself was nice and clean, and of a reasonable size with adequate furnishings and a decent bathroom. We had breakfast on the first morning, which was of a fairly good standard and of the usual hotel buffet variety, both hot and cold, but as is usual in hotels we felt the price was slightly too high and had breakfast elsewhere in cheaper cafes for the rest of our stay. The hotel is located in a fairly quiet street, with the nearest metro station about five minutes walk away. Placa Catalunya was about a twenty five minute walk away (ok, so we walk slowly but that's the best way to see a beautiful city like this!!), but there are a number of bars and restaurants nearby if you are feeling less energetic. Overall, I enjoyed this hotel. Good location, clean, decent room, friendly staff, reasonably priced and I would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>YuriLondon
<Content>Modern and clean but rather cold impression       entrance hall  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	3	5	

<Author>TheBuilder
<Content>Barcelona, Barcelona gorgeous Barcelona!! Staying in Barcelona in August is very hot and crowded, but I guess that that is one of the attractions of the city: the constant bustle, noise, cosmopolitan attraction of the place is both exhilerating and exhausting. The Hotel Ayre Caspe, however, is situated away from the hurley burley of the city, yet within comfortable walking distance of two metro stations Tetuan and Arc de Triomf - both of which are within easy access of the main Ramblas district.The hotel itself is 4* and is very chic in its presentation. It is built round a great glass courtyard (a little reminiscent of the film The Matrix in a strange way). The staff were very courteous and accommodating (although our holiday was so problem free we only saw them at check in and check out). The room was the standard hotel room - the beds were hardish but I prefer them that way, the TV showed the Olympics, the curtains gave near blackout in the morning and the shower was excellent. Food is not included in the package and seems rather expensive if you do want to eat at the hotel. Every morning I made the 1 minute walk to the local cafe and had a cafe con leche and toast or croisant at a table outside watching the world go by - very cheap and very good service (Cafe Sol d'Or).Getting round Barcelona is so easy. best value is to buy a T10 at the ticket machine which entitles you or your party 10 trips. During our stay my wife and I had a ticket each (actually 3 as there is so much to see) and on the last day we bought one and passed it backwards and forwards across the ticket reading machine - the ticket is designed for this purpose. It also allows you on the fantastic bus service and the train from the airport to the tube station Sants Estacio.We bought a Bus Touristic pack from the hotel for 3 Euros per pack with the intention of going on one of the tours of the city. In the end we didn't but the money was recouped by presenting the tokens at all the sites (including some food places) and it saved us money in the end - probably about 10Euros each.Eating out was great but as Barcelona is a world city, not cheap. There are the usual MacDonalds etc but two restaurants we found were Agua on the beach near the Olympic village - gorgeous setting but you must book as it is so popular, and a little restaurant just off Las Ramblas - Sinatras lovely food and great service. One night we went for a meal at Taberna Barca on the Ramblas - avoid at all costs the wine cost 21 Euros for house wine and the chicken was wings with more gristle and skin than meat! On our last day we went to Fresc Co - all you can eat for 9.95. It reminded me of a school canteen: noisy, crowded, lots of tasteless carbohydrates (no meat that I could see) Pizza pieces (actually the only part that I enjoyed) but hey-ho each to his own and it filled my stomach ready for the flight back home.If you want some culture in the evenings - theatre, opera, concerts - choose any months other than July and August as all the theatres close for the summer.Barcelona is a wonderful city filled with unforgettable experiences especially the architecture of Gaudi - see it and die!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NJtraveler48
<Content>Excellent Hotel This is a clean, modern, well-outfitted hotel with a friendly and helpful staff. It is near the Sacred Family church and within walking distance of the Gothic Quarter. The hotel rooms are spacious and well-air conditioned. Highly recommended for pre and post cruise accommodations.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sukki007
<Content>Poor service, too far from the Ramblas, No Wi-fi On the plus side, check in was easy. We arrived quite early from our cruise ship and took a cab to the hotel, which seemed to be in the middle of nowhere. The lobby was very large, modern and sparsely furnished - no warmth at all, and I don't mean the temperature. Check-in was a breeze. I had anticipated problems because of the early hour of our arrival, but there were none. We were given a room immediately.The room was spacious by European standards, and clean. But the bed was hard, and when I asked if they could do anything to help, such as an eggcrate topper, I was brusquely told no.One of the reasons for choosing this hotel was price, which was lower due to the location. The other was that it offered free in-room Wi-fi. This was a necessity, since my husband absolutely had to do some work. We were dismayed to find that it never worked during both nights of our stay, not in the room and not in the lobby. The people at the desk weren't apologetic, and just plain didn't care. We were happy to see that there was an internet cafe right across the street, but when my husband went there, he couldn't believe that it was Chinese - ALL Chinese: management, customers, and keyboards! On our long walk toward the Ramblas we found two more internet cafes, but they, too, were strictly Chinese. We were in Barcelona two years ago and had no trouble finding one, but apparently immigration has been ramped up! We finally found one that he could use, but it was just to send an email to his boss explaining why he couldn't do what he was supposed to be doing. He needed his own computer to connect to the U.S. government's secure website.On our second day we left our room at 10:00 a.m. and didn't return until late in the evening. We found that our room had not been cleaned AT ALL! I went downstairs to the desk and was met with the same lack of concern and again, no apology. The guy simply handed us a couple of clean towels.We had not paid for the room in advance, just booked online with a 35 Euro deposit with the booking service the hotel uses. The next morning at checkout we asked for a reduction on our bill due to the necessary wi-fi not being provided and our room not being cleaned. No way, Jose. They would not budge, and offered nothing as compensation. We refused to sign the charge slip, but they had the info and we have just gotten the bill with the full amount charged. We are now disputing the charge. Yes, certainly we should pay for the two nights we stayed, but I believe that we are owed something for all the trips down to the desk to deal with the wi-fi issue, plus the lack of maid service. Sure it's a foreign country and wouldn't have ended this way in the U.S., but Spain's a modern country and this is inexcusable.About the neighborhood: I read so many reviews about the Ayre Caspe on Trip Advisor and there was much written about the neighborhood - some people saying it was dicey and others reporting that they felt safe. While we didn't like the location due to its distance from the main Plaza, the Ramblas, and other sites in the city, there is absolutely no reason to fear it. It's a residential neighborhood, lots of apartment houses, not unpleasant to look at, and completely safe. We walked it day and night, and even walked back at 1:00 a.m. from the Ramblas, a long trek. The streets weren't full of people, but there were no muggers or suspicious-looking characters, either. Fear of the neighborhood shouldn't stop you from staying here. But the sterile atmosphere, cold and indifferent management, and lousy service should make you look elsewhere.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	3	-1	1	

<Author>sx7
<Content>Excellent Value       Reception area  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Hotel_Snob_101
<Content>Why is it so highly rated on TripAdvisor? I can't quite figure out why this hotel rates so highly on TripAdvisor. I鈥檓 not saying there鈥檚 anything terrible about the place 鈥?the rooms are a reasonable size, they鈥檙e clean, the bed is comfortable and the shower is good 鈥? but there鈥檚 nothing great about it either 鈥?it鈥檚 a little off the beaten track and can get quite tiring to-ing and fro-ing between the hotel and 鈥榯own鈥? many of the rooms look on to the atrium and have no fresh air at all; other rooms have electricity fuse boxes which hum all night, making it rather like trying to sleep through a wake up call from an alarm clock. The breakfast bar staff were friendly 鈥?but although we ordered the same thing four mornings in a row, we got something different every time and were charged a different price every time. We stayed here because it seemed to offer the best value for money for an almost central hotel, and perhaps it does 鈥? if this is true though, it doesn鈥檛 say much about the quality of hotels in Barcelona. (拢100 a night over Easter period)  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyPotters
<Content>Excellent location, rooms, service stayed here for two nights and had a lovely time.The Hotel is in an excellent location about 10-15mins walk to all the attractions La Ramblas etc. Room was excellent and spotlessly clean. Reception staff were very helpful and courteous. Found a nice local drinkery just around the corner from the Hotel and an excellent Mexican Restaurant within walking distance. Will almost certainly be going to Barcelona again the near future and would stay at the Ayre Caspe. PS The only small downside to the Hotel is that the Jacuzzi is freezing!! Would definitely reccomend the Hotel to friends and thank you to the Ayre Caspe for a lovely break.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happylifeAnna
<Content>Really - Can Not Recommend This Hotel!!!!! I have been stolen my handbag at the bar of this hotel and I have NEVER ever seen such a lousy service, such a missing support by the staff like in this hotel. I have been travelling all over the world and still stay in different hotels on business-trips, but I have never seen something like this. There was not even an excuse by the staff, no support of delivering me the right phone number to cancel my mastercard. I gave the number of Mastercard to the staff at the reception the day I left, although I do hope that this doesn't happen to any guest again. I had and stil have a hard time to get all my documents, money back. That's why I am writing this complaint. - There was no offer of anything or help of the hotel and again, as I can just repeat not even an excuse....- Unbelievable! They have security people and a camera in the hotel, but they seemed so uninteressed and it seems that several thefts have tried to get into the hotel, as I have been told by one of the security person. But the hotel didn't even show the film, which showed exactly how the theft happened, to all of the security staff. - Again, I have never seen such a bad service and as for your own security, I CAN'T RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Carlos-Gh
<Content>Just OK... definitely not a 4 stars We chose the Ayre after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and arrived there for a 4-night stay with rather high expectations.The first disappointment came with the location of the hotel : it's not that close to a metro station (15 min. walk to Arc de Triumf) and quite far from any major tourist attraction (Closest would be the Familia Sagrada at 30 min. walk). There's nothing really of interest in the neighborhood and I'm still wondering why they chose that place to build a hotel as it suits neither a business trip need or a holiday break expectation...The staff is polite and speak several foreign languages (English, French...).Rooms are large and clean, but the overall hotel interior design reminds me more of an Ikea showroom : the furniture is actually made of cheap materials and feels cold. We had a room on the street side : it was quite noisy at night.I've stayed in seveal 4 / 5 stars hotel, and the Ayre should be classified as a 3-stars.Breakfast is just OK, although I'd also recommend to go for one of the coffe shops nearby.Not actually a bad place, but there are many other better places to stay in Barcelona whether you're there for business or for a vacation. This hotel is probably overrated on tripadvisor, check for other reviews/hotels as a stay in Barcelona deserves an accomodation as exciting as the city can be!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>baregan
<Content>No ambience Pro's:Very close to the main bus terminal, good for those coming from Girona airport. Also near 2 metro stops.Hotel is very clean to the point of feeling clinical.Nice room and very good shower in bathroom.Cons:Staff are not very helpful with tourist advice.Resturaunt is terrible, portions are tiny and expensive.Avoid!Zero atmosphere in the hotel, suited for older travellers.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Travellers1441
<Content>Lovely Hotel - But beware My husband and I had stayed in Barcelona in Oct 2007 and loved the city so we booked for both sets of parents to go for their Xmas pressie.We picked Ayre Caspe for it Trip Advisor reviews and it's proximity to the Bus Terminal ( used for flights from Gerona Airport ). It was an ideal hotel as it's only a 10 minute walk from the bus station to the hotel door. An easy walk even with cases.Both sets of parents found the staff on reception really polite and efficient, Rooms were modern , clean and roomy.The in-laws ate in the restuarant , they found the menu limited, priccy, small portions but of good quality.The ' beware' was because the in-laws were mugged/conned and had their rucksack taken (camera, glasses etc ) near to the hotel and when my parents went the same happened but they luckily had nothing taken. Police are aware but have not been able to catch the gang. What they do is squirt a thick coffee substance from above, so you think you've been caught with bird droppings, a man appears from nowhere with tissue's to help, gets you remove you coat ( and rucksack/bag) and not wanting to be familiar gets the husband to check the wife and while doing that disappears with the bags. It's a freindly mugging at no time did either set of parents feel threatened but it did obviously spoil their stay. It happened in different locations but both within a few blocks of the hotel.Everyone would go back to Barcelona and stay at the Ayre Caspe again but I think it helps to be aware you don';t want your trip to this beautiful city spoilt.Use the City Tour buses excellent value, lot's of stops to hop on and off. Two nights is just not enough to see Barcelona, and the spacey hotel rooms lend themselves for a longer stay.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbbboooooooyah
<Content>It was so so. We have just returned from our stay at Ayre Hotel. Nothing to complain about. The room and bathroom were roomy and clean.The lobby, elevator and hallways seemed like you're at a clinic but who cares, you're not going to hang out there. We had trouble using the safe the first day so we called front desk and someone came up right away to fix it. Free internet in the room, so bring your laptop.The location is residential but only 5 mins walk to the metro and 15 mins walk to La Sagrada Familia. If I had to do it all over again, I would probably pick a hotel around Las Ramblas or the Gothic area, we kept going back there for the restaurants and bars! So, make sure you get a Barcelona Card for unlimited metro/bus rides and free entry or discounts to selected museums.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>laobhaise
<Content>was lovely! I found the Ayre Hotel Caspe lovely. It's quite, modern and clean and not too expensive (room was 340 for 3 nights, booked from hotel website). The area is lovely, it's a residential area so not at all touristy or tacky and its only 15 walk into placa catlunya or 5 mins walk to metro stop of either arch triomphe or tetuan(with choice of more lines). I would mention on check-in that you want a double bed (i read on tripadvisor that they give two single beds pushed together otherwise). I would also say you would like one facing the street as the rooms are bigger. We had an room facing the internal courtyard and although the bed was huge the room itself was quite small and so was stuffy. The bathroom was nice and big with a huge walk-in shower as well as bath. Towels and bed was attended to everyday and the bed was really comfy! The tv has channels from Spain,France,Germany and Italy and Uk (it's sky news but at least it's something). We didnt have breakfast included (its about 鈧?5 a head for continental...). Instead there is a fab cafe with bakery around the corner from the hotel. (go out foyer, turn right and take first left -it's across the road, they do huge fresh croissants and rolls for a few 鈧? The staff were lovely except for one man who was possible the rudest person I have ever met. Besides him, they were extremely friendly and helpful in everyway. The jazzi and steam room is in each changing room in the basement so it isn't very pretty (feels a bit sterile) but was nice and clean (though the water was a bit cold). There is also a small gym. I did find the hotel very hot. I think I read the temperate in the landing at 28 C and our room was so stuffy at night we had to turn on the aircon with isnt very healthy... Another negative is the door to the bathroom isn't sealed as it's a sliding lateral door... however, overall i would stay here again and would recommend it  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>newlywed75
<Content>Not the greatest and shouldnt be a 4 star We booked this hotel through laterooms at 85 Eur per night and although its advertised as a four star we were not impressed.The location is good with about 2 minutes walk to the Metro station and its located in one of the business areas. We used the Metro to get around Barcelona and found it fantastic and used it as late at 1130pm.The reception area is impressive when you enter and looks very new and modern. We were situated on the top floor and although the room wasnt very big is was modern and clean. The downside was that they advertise soundproof walls and even if someone coughs in the hallway it sounds as though they are in your room as it does when someone showers in the room next to you. This isnt so bad if you get up before 7am however otherwise you will be woken up with the noise.The temperature in the room was boiling, and this was in january when it was only 17 degrees outside in the day and around 5 at night. We turned the air con onto full power at the coolest possible and it was still warm although manageable. This was made worase by the fact the every night they switched the power off so no air con, no lights etc at about 1am.The last awful part was the bar, but only was it quiet most nights. The night we went for a drink at 10pm when 3 other guests were there drinking, including one being served when we arrived and the close hours being 11pm we were refused a drink as they said they were closed. We were not drunk as my husband had had 2 glasses of wine and me being pregnant I'd had none and only wanted a fanta or lemonade before going to bed. We found this very rude.Overall Id say stay somewhere else preferably in the area La Ribera which is in the gothic area of the city and very smart if we visited Barcelona again and Im not usually fussy but i have to say I've stayed in more pleasant 3 star hotels elsewhere  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	4	2	3	

<Author>Prettypollycat
<Content>Excellent value for money We stayed at the Ayre Hotel Caspe in Barcelona for 3 nights on a room-only basis.We did not eat in the hotel at all, only because we had breakfast in a little cafe and then lunch and dinner outside.The hotel foyer is very modern and minimalist with funky chairs and a small pool with lights floating in it.The room we had was also modern with pale wood fittings and floor.It was well appointed with lots of wardrobe space behind Perspex sliding doors and an extensive desk area.There was a safe in the room and a fridge with complimentary water replenished every day.The bathroom was modern with a powerful shower and separate bath also with shower over. Shower gel, shampoo, comb, toothbrushes, shower cap and sewing kit were supplied. We arrived at 11:30am but were allowed to check-in immediately which was great.We found the staff very pleasant.It was about a 15 minute walk up to La Sagrada Familia and about 20 minutes to La Rambla.The nearest metro is Arc de Triomf and it鈥檚 just a 5 minute walk to the bus station where the Barcelona Bus from Girona Airport (RyanAir) stops.This hotel may be a little out of the way for people who want to be very close to La Rambla but we would most definitely choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>joroho
<Content>Loved this place! Our party of four thought two nights in a modern hotel would be appropriate in a classy city like Barcelona and we were so happy with our choice! We loved the avant-garde setting. The rooms were spacious and spotless. The front desk guys were just the best in every way. What more could one ask for? I highly recommend the Ayre Caspe.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bookishbabe
<Content>Really comfortable We just spent a very comfortable four nights at the Ayre Hotel Caspe. After several cramped, loud rooms throughout Europe, it was wonderful to have a good-sized, clean, well-furnished, comfortable and quiet room. Yes, the lobby is ultra-modern and a bit clinical, but we care much more about the room. After a long day of sight-seeing, I want a good bed, a well-laid-out space, and a quality shower, all of which this hotel offers. We appreciated the free bottled water and the mini-refrigerator, in which we stored lunch supplies. The location was fine for us -- a quiet street with several grocery stores and cafes nearby, and very close to the Arc de Triumpf subway station -- maybe 5 or 10 minutes walk. Regarding the subway: I have to disagree with the comment above. Yes, the stairs and long halls are a pain, but the system is extensive, and I've never seen a subway system that was so well marked and easy to use. Every station entry has staff available to answer questions or provide other assistance. We were able to quickly travel all over Barcelona using this excellent system.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TiburonTony
<Content>Excellent Modern Hotel As a number of other reviewers have commented this is a very modern style hotel. The lobby area feels a little cold and was generally devoid of guests. The bedrooms are excellent with ample room, substantial closet space and expansive work desk with free broadband Internet acess. As noted by others the bathroom was well fitted with a walk-in shower plus a tub with full shower; excellent water pressure and hot water. The front-desk staff were excellent, on check-in they didn't have my reservation (made directly on their Web site) but it took two minutes and everything was fine. We had planned on staying a total of six nights but after the first night we had to return home due to sickness, the desk agent was extremely solicitous and handled our check-out with no fuss or muss. The bar and restaurant are small and appear almost an afterthought, and the night we were there poorly patronized. We were the only people in the dining room the whole evening. The food while not particularly adventurous was good and not unreasonably priced (the breakfast at Euro14 seemed high and so we intended skipping that). With the outstanding bedroom facilities but limited bar/restaurant It struck me as more of a business hotel than a tourist hotel; I'd be curious as to the original demographic target.We thought the location was pretty good, a little of the main track but a 15 to 20 minute walk to Pla莽a de Catalunya and the start of La Rambla or a five minute walk to Arc de Triomf and the Metro stop. Slightly tangential but my advice is to not take the train from the airport and then Metro, but take the Aeroporta express but to Pla莽a de Catalunya and then either walk or take a taxi to the hotel. Barcelona's Metro is the most unfriendly system I have encountered in a long time. To get from Barcelona-Sants Train Station to Arc de Triomf by Metro is a nightmare, endless stairs up and down (which with luggage is hard work), no escalator (actually just one), endless walks through subterranean tunnels and poor signage. There is supposedly a city train connecting Barcelona-Sants and Arc de Triomf but we couldn't find it and no one we asked was able to help; we must have phrased the question poorly I think.Overall I would rate the hotel exceptional value for money.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>janemcnally
<Content>Ultra modern with a slightly clinical feel and quite far from the action. WE have just returned from a short three night break in Barcelona and stayed at the hotel Caspe.The hotel is decked out in ultra modern chrome and glass style, unoffensive rooms and leisure areas although we found the decor overall to be quite clinical and lacking in any kind of ambience........(this was not a huge problem though as we packed a lot into our trip and spent very little time hanging out in the hotel.)Our room was airy and comfortable (the bed extremely so!) and we managed an excellent peaceful nights kip each night. Also, the walk in shower and seperate bath was good.Having read the other reviews I did not find the staff to be unfriendly or rude but at the same time they did not fall over themselves !........(athough the barman was very chatty and helpful.)Location wise, this was not ideal, whilst not far from the Sagrada Familia, central Barcelona and the Ramblas was a good twenty to twenty five minute walk although there are regular buses and the metrolink is close by. Overall we had a pleasant stay and plan to return to Barcelona again but probably not to this hotel.One final thing........if you are a live music fan check out Harlem Jazz Club (Carrer de la Contessa de Sobradiel 8.....just off la Ramblas) they have live music every night (We saw a fantastic Cuban band)..... the place gets jammed so arrive early!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>traveller3530
<Content>Very Poor Service I just came back from a short stay at the Arye hotel, i went by the reviews on the trip advisor, while mostly i do rely on, and they have always been spot on, this time it was a bit disappointing.Firstly as we entered the hotel to check in we found one of the most unfriendliest staff we have ever encountered in the reception area.We enquired about the places to visit , they gave us a map, and asked to explore it.. then the price that they were charging us a bit higer then what i booked, but that was sorted out quickly. we have stayed in many 4 stars around the world but the service here was worst then 1 star. we went for a coffee at the Hotel 1898, and the reception there was extremely helpful(Even though we were not staying there), and that too is a 4 star hotel. The rooms were fine, bathroom was also good, the location not so great, i am sure there would be better options for the price we paid. even while checkout the reception staff was unfriendly, while they were attending to us . all of a sudden 2 people in the reception left us halfway to attend another guest, i mean this is basics. and not 4 star standard at all.all in all a experience i would like to forget.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Louisa34
<Content>A Great Hotel. Perfect location. This hotel is the cleanest hotel I have stayed in. The rooms are a good size and the bathroom was very clean with 2 showers, a free standing one and one over the bath.The staff on the reception are very friendly and gave us information about things happening in barcelona and how to get around.The hotel is on a perfect area, it's far enough away from the hustle and bustle of the main area, but not too far away to walk. Approx 15 minutes, but the Arc d trioumph metro is only a few minute walk away.The only thing I was dissapointed with, was the fact that the sauna and jaccuzi areas are seperated to male and female. Me and my hubby were looking forwad to a lovely relaxing jaccuzzi after a long day. ( I suppose this is not really a complaint). The jaccuzzi and gym area are spotlessly clean.The hotel is a credit to barcelona. We have stayed in 5 star hotels in this area and they have not been as good as this one.Any one staying here will not be disapointed.We would definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jerrykerry15
<Content>Very Very Good I have to say that the Ayre Hotel Caspe on Calle Casp is really something. I had a fantastic stay in the middle of Barcellona. Location is great bacause you are far from the traffic and noises but at the same time about 15 min walking from plaza cataluna and La Rambla.4 free bottle of water free every day.Great porter and bar service.Very good breakfast. What else to say? Thank you very much we will be back  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bertrande80
<Content>Nice modern hotel with amenities befitting a 4* hotel My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights, together with 2 other friends who occupied another room. The hotel design is avant garde and very modern, which will not suit everybody but we liked it. The room furnishings were of a minimalist style but were all of a high quality. The bed was nice and comfortable and I liked the fact that the room was not carpeted but done up in parquet / faux parquet. Bathroom was large and the bath and shower areas were separate from each other. Toiletries provided were more than adequate and their soap in particular was a very interesting translucent yellow (frivolous but it just shows the hotel's attention to detail to ensure that the entire package was consistent). We found it difficult to work the air conditioning on the first night but a call to reception solved our problem.Like most hotels in Barcelona, breakfast was only provided at an additional cost of EUR14 per person per night. We decided not to take it.We really liked the location of the hotel because of its proximity to the Estacio del Nord, which is where the Barcelona Bus arrives from and departs to Girona Airport. If you are arriving in Barcelona via Ryanair and are arriving or departing in the wee hours of the morning, this hotel is ideal. In this respect, the lobby has comfortable seats for passing time (as we had to, given we had to catch the 3am bus to Girona). It may not be in the city centre but, as a previous reviewer has mentioned, the metro is very close by and Barcelona is not difficult to walk around, in any case. We walked to the Sagrada Familia very easily, for example.Overall, we would not hesitate in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SandraCampos
<Content>modern and comfortable this is a good new hotel, with a modern design and confortable rooms. the staff is frendlily and it's a very nice choice for his price. the location is not so good, and will need to walk 15 or 20 minutes to go to the principal atracticons, but there is a tube station just two blocs from the hotel or you can take a taxi and paid around 5 euros to go to the ramblas, for example.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Angie37
<Content>A quiet hotel We stayed there for almost a week. It is well located in a quiet neighbourhood 10 blocks from Paseig de Gracia. It may sound far, but there are 2 metro stations very close (2 blocks) from the hotel and a bus central station for intercity connections. The room was very modern, clean, well decorated, with proof sound windows. The bathroom was very good and confortable. The hotel was very quiet indeed and we could sleep really well. The only disadvantage was the breakfast, which was not included and it costs 15 euros. But just 1 block away, toward Arc de Triumph metro station there is a very popular and crowded bakery where you can eat your breakfast. The price was fair and the service was very good.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>JenM72
<Content>Ok I Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in July, booked by my company since it was just around the corner from the office. In general the hotel was fine for the location and price paid. In regard to my negative comment below, i think i was just unlucky based on my 1st room experience and from other reviews. If I hadn't have had that, I would have probably given it 4 as the rating.Hotel is located about a 15 -20 min walk from the start of the main area (top of La rambla), and also short walk to metro. Positives- Free internet connection (though I could not get into our work from the connection, which I have found to be a problem at the occasional hotel (something to do with there settings). butif you just need the internet for surfing etc, it is fine- neat  comfortable room (though a little small, but I was hardly in the room anyway)- safe in room- Quiet (as long as the people next to you are quiet, since you can hear between the rooms quiet easily, but I was lucky that both sides were quiet from about 10pm onwards). I also had a room facing the inside of the hotel, to ensure quiteness- good Shower, aswell as a sep bath (also with shower head)- Nice breakfast- AirconditioningNegative- I was made to change rooms, since they told me the water from my room was leaking into the room below. So I had to move, which was a pain to pack everything up etc. Also I was only given the reason for it, after I asked on a number of occasions.- new room I moved to had a number of hairs (and I am not talking from the head area), in the bathroom, including one, caught under the lid of the new shampoo!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Mark_Pole
<Content>A little hidden gem Very good accomodation in Barcelona, close enough to the main points of interest(15 min walk from Plaza Cataluna , 25 from Barceloneta, 10 from Sagrada Familia) and 5 min from the Metro line.Situated in a very quiet street, the facade is nothing to be remembered but don't be mislead, the best is waiting for you inside.We were a group of ten and got a very professional and fast reception, they were waiting for us and gave us ours five rooms in a minute, this is exactly what you want after a long trip.In general we found the personnell to be quite friendly and always ready to help us to choose a restaurant or call a taxi.Rooms clean, modern and superbly furnished, bath rooms like a five star hotel.Only negative note, some rooms do not have a window open to the outside but open to the interior of the hotel, so you cannot have a lot of privacy unless you keep the courtains always close, personally i didn't mind it but to someone the very simple idea of not being able to get a breath of fresh air from outside could make of it a bit suffocating experience.By the way, for a sort of compensation, these rooms are quite larger than the ones with the window open to the outside.The hotel is very new and designed in a modern and elegant fashion that may not appeal to someone (the colours of the interior like hall and corridors, meeting rooms and restaurant, are very ...cold: mainly white, grey and black , with a lot of steel and glass and alluminium, like a large office) the opposite of the traditional old Hotels that are always in red, orange and the warm colours of wood, but don't worry as you enter in you room you'll find everything elegant and at the same time warm and very very confortable.Having breakfast at the Caspe Ayre is a kind of experience you will be very happy and eager to repeat every morning: fresh good smelling coffee,fresh fruits, eggs and bacon well shown and properly done, a huge variety of breads and pastries, cold meats like salami and ham and , if you haven't drank enough the nigth before, even a glass of champagne to give the day a sparkling start.... the only oddity was the selection of food in the weekend differing sligthly from that of working days; if this sound strange it will sound even stranger that on weekends the restaurant is closed (at least it was when I was there), well any country has its own peculiarities and you have better to check in advance.In a few words this is an excellent little hotel, quiet and clean, modern and well supplied, worth any single euro or dollar you have paid for it, if I will be in Barcelona again I will definitely consider this as my hotel of choice.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Angie24B
<Content>Good value I've stayed a total of 4 nights during two separate stays at the Ayre Caspe as it is actually called. I found it good value both times. The rooms are rather small, but perfectly clean and fresh. Bedlinen and towels were crisp and nice and the general areas (lobby, lobby bar, business center) all good standard.The location of the hotel is perhaps the drawback - walking to the Born area is a brisk 15 minutes, Barri Gotic another 10. Perfectly doable but still you are a little bit away from the action. I ended up walking down to Barri Gotic/Rambla several times, then taking a taxi back. The taxi fare from Placa Catalunya was around 4 euros - quite justifiable. I didn't have breakfast at the hotel since 14 euros seemed a bit heavy. However be aware that there aren't really any caf茅s/bars/restaurant close either. One good tip would be walking down to the Arc de Triomph and then following Carrer Commerc down to the area next to the Mercat de Born or around the Santa Maria del Mar - lots of nice caf茅s in that area.All in all a pleasant experience that came with a nice price tag with no other drawbacks than the location.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saral
<Content>Seriously loved this hotel!       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Gobot
<Content>Quiet, clean and modern The hotel is four blocks away from the sub station, but it's a great neibourhood, quiet and secur. The street were the hotel is situated is also quiet so it's easy to sleep. Nice room, not too small for Europe. A shower and a bath, very modern as the room itself. We had canadian exceptation for the quality and it turn out great. The staff is ok, speaks english, helped us with our luggage (we had them delivered a day after our arrival). There's two small grocery a block away, a drugstore, a place were you can call very easily anywhere in the wold for few euros. The hotel is near the Triumph Arch and Ciutadella park. Very nice to visit. We would recommand this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>SallyJac
<Content>loved Fiesta Hotel Caspe what a great hotel, I loved it. I was a bit annoyed that the internet wasn't working but apart from that it was just fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rms_traveler
<Content>Beautiful rooms The rooms in this hotel are beautiful. Exactly like the hotel's website shows. The bathroom actually has two showers - one over the tub and a separate one. Everything was perfectly clean and crisp.Now for the bad - the front desk has a couple of guys really not interested in helping and were somewhat rude. I think they are more set-up for dealing with businessmen and not tourists. Also, the location is not ideal - a far walk to Sagrada Familia, a 3.5 block walk to the metro and not walking distance to much else. Next time I think we'll stay closer to the action.Don't bother with the hotel restaurant - it was terrible. Bland food and there's so much else out there. Their business center is under construction, so no internet access at this time.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	2	4	2	

<Author>JJSET
<Content>Excellent value The hotel is a 25 euro taxi ride from the airport. It is on the road that runs parallel with the Gran Via mid way between the Ramblas and the Sagarda Familia. The exterior of the hotel doesn鈥檛 do the interior justice. It is a very modern hotel well positioned particularly if you intend to walk or use the tube to get around Barcelona. The staff were first class, we were booked in promptly and the porter was a mine of information. The rooms were extremely clean and comfortable. We had breakfast once and found it expensive at 14 euros. We have no hesitation in recommending the hotel particularly for those who wish to see the city on foot.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaxon41
<Content>nice We enjoyed this hotel, but found the service a wee bit crisp. The location was very good, mid way between Placa Catalunya and Sagrada Familia. An easy walk to each. The price was reasonable. FInding a place for breakfast in the area was difficult, but I didn't think there was an overabundance of breakfast restaurants anywhere in Barcelona -- at least nothing that serves what Americans eat for breakfast. Great water pressure, clean, nicely appointed rooms with soothing blond woods, and the ubiquitous Swedish modern type furnishings. Quiet, neighborhood area which we walked after dark without feeling anxious.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Suffolkholidayperson
<Content>Brilliant Barca Hotel My wife and I stayed here for four days this Autumn. The hotel is superb. It is ultra modern in style with large clean rooms and public areas that are very smart. The staff were polite and helpful. We did not eat in the Fiesta but chose to sample local restaurants instead although we understand the Fiesta is very good for food. Try the cafe across the road for coffee and croissant at 1.65 Euros, or the cafe just up the road where an English breakfast inc juice and coffee is 6 Euros!The location is in a safe business area and there are plenty of shops and cafes nearby. The Fiesta is a good healthy walk from the centre of the city but not far from Sagrada Familia. Barcelona is an oustanding city and this October the weather was warm and pleasant. Shorts and sandals weather. We will return.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StChris
<Content>quiet location Quiet area but can walk to Sagrada Familia and Rambla or take the metro a few stops to downtown.Separate hot tubs and saunas for men and women.Did not eat at the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>cmonaussie
<Content>Very modern, we loved it This hotel is an easy 5 - 10 minute walk from the bus depot which services Girona Airport. There is no other public transport from Girona (taxi 150 euro!) so coach at 12 euro was perfect. A new, very modern hotel. Very helpful, polite staff. Lovely large room with all mod cons. Large fluffy towels. Breakfast is an extra 14 euro, but superb buffet, or you can order cooked breakfast as well. Well worth the price. We are tourists, but this hotel would also be great for business travellers. We couldn't fault it.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aBarc
<Content>Great Value and Location Great Hotel and Location excellent value for money we stayed for 5 nights with Breakfast included. The buffet Breakfast had a great selection and they served until 11am at the week-end which was an added bonus. The facilities were good i.e. Sauna and Jacussi. Stayed in the Bar one evening and had coctails which was nice and relaxed. 15 minutes walk to Las Rambles and to the Beach. Will be going to Barcelona again next year and will stay here  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>fran15111
<Content>Not bad but can do better Stayed here for 2 nights recently. Hotel style is modern and they have tried to have a cool concept in design and furniture. About 15minutes walk to Las Ramblas in a very quiet residential area. Overall at 79 euros for a double not bad value but the cleaning of the rooms was average we had to call and ask for soap everyday because when they cleaned the room they didnt replace any. Also rang and asked for an iron and ironing board and was told they didnt have any and that I would have to pay 5 euros for each shirt I wanted ironed and it would take 24 hours. Overall this hotel was not bad value for money but it certainll lacked something for me.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikey393
<Content>Good Find! Just returned from a 3 night business trip to Barcelona. What a fantastic City! The hotel which I found via your site was excellent, nice room, good facilities, air con too efficient! Nice helpful staff  above all nice a quiet  relaxed. Not too far from the main centre of things, Metro station Arc de Triomphe - 5 minutes walk away - 2 stops Place de Catalunya - Las Ramblas etc; I would certainly recommend for either business or wk/end break.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tullus
<Content>Great value for money The pictures are precisely like the hotel - it is spotlessly clean, with no smoking in the public areas. The staff on the reception desk are very helpful, making restaurant bookings and ordering taxis etc. We were given a different room at the front when we asked, without any problem at all. Rooms are spacious and comfortable, with a wonderful shower, deep bath and all the complimentary toiletires you could need: my husband forgot to bring the adaptor for his shaver, but was able to use the razor and shaving foam provided every day. There is a fridge in the room that you can fill from the mini-market across the road, and the four bottles of water every day are complementary!You will need to walk a good 20 - 30 minutes or take public transport to reach the majority of tourist areas, but the streets are mainly flat. The Gothic Quarter can be confusing, but the rest of Barcelona is easy to navigate, being laid out on a grid. Sagrada Familia is within a 15 minute stroll, leaving you with loads of energy left to climb those towers!The breakfast buffet, including hot options, is vast (the 'Breakfast Ninjas' are a bit scary, but helpful when asked) and the free, early morning coffee is brilliant for the early risers. We didn't try the gym or sauna, but it is easy to get access to the business centre to go online (1/2 hour 2 euros, 1 hour 3 euros). We also tried the three course lunch at the 3plats restaurant - at Euros 12.84 including tax it was really well cooked, with a good choice and included bread and a drink. You can get cheaper closer to town, but the quality was not so good.The best restaurant we found in the immediate area was on Placa Tetuan - an Italian, but I have forgotten the name. We also tried Caruso on Las Ramblas, but I couldn't eat the Lasagne, although others in the party enjoyed the fish. El Cafe D'En Victor on Carrer Bispe does a to-die-for chicken paella, and the quality of the food, wine and service are far beyond what you would expect from the look of it.Restaurants along Passeig Colom have some good lunch bargains, but our favourite eaterie in Barcelona had to be Le Tre Venezie at Placa Duc de Medinaceli, off Passeig Colom. At first glance you probably would not want to go into the Placa at all, but once inside all is transformed - you are surrounded by wall paintings and curtains, the food and wine are fabulous and very well priced, and the staff and atmosphere are outstanding.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Grahamofherts
<Content>Tremendous Value Stayed at the Caspe for 2 nights in April. First time in Barcelona and have to say that the Caspe was top class considering the price. Rooms were spotlessly clean and well appointed. Did not use the restaurant so cannot comment on this. The Hotel is not central to the major touristy bits but is only a 20 mins or so walk from either the Marina area or Ramblas. If you do not fancy walking the underground is easy to get to and very efficient.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We just returned from a week's vacation in Barcelona. There were 4 of us and we had 2 rooms on the 5th floor of the Caspe. We will be recommending this hotel to our friends as at least one other couple will be travelling to Barcelona in the near future. The beds were comfortable and while the rooms were small they were nicely appointed with ample cupboard space and a handy nook in between the head of the bed and the window for storing empty suitcases and golf clubs. Also appreciated the room safe for our valuables. (Golf courses are way out of town. If you really want to golf perhaps stay out in the country somewhere.)While the hotel was indeed 9 blocks from the Placa Catalunya we bought the 10 ride metro pass and walked the 3 blocks down C. de Naples to the Arc de Triomf Metro just about every day. On the way to the metro we often stopped at the Oriol Bakery, about half a block from the hotel on Naples for breakfast when we didn't feel like the large breakfast buffet that was available at the hotel. We occasionally took cabs at the end of the day when we had worn out our feet and usually the cab drivers knew the hotel. When they didn't the corner of Napols and Casp was all they needed to know to get us home.Barcelona is such a lovely city and with things to see on every block of every avenue and every side street in the city center you will not be bored. You will cover miles without realizing it. We can recommend the Italian restaurant on the Placa de Tetuan (sorry, I neglected to write down the name but it is at about the 8 o'clock position of that round-about if 12 is at the north) and Ququ which is just north of Casp on Gracia. Also quite enjoyed Gino's on Via Laietana just south of Fontanella and the 7 Portes and Los Caracoles.Final note, beware of pickpockets. I had left my purse unzipped and had a very close encounter as I came out of the Arc de Triomphe metro but apparently they are everywhere. Because of pick-pockets I left my passport in the room safe but a photocopy of the front page in your purse would be good for Tax Back info or in case you are stopped by the police. Apparently that happens sometimes in Spain although it never happened to us.Karen  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JHCumming
<Content>Top class This was our first visit to Barcelona and we weren't sure what to expect from the hotel, as it was at least my first time of booking my holiday completely from the Internet.On arrival the atmosphere was very friendly and professional from the receptionists, and I didn't sense the smell of mildew at all(as one reviewer pointed out).Our room was on the top floor and was sparkling clean with all mod cons, as shown in a previous reviewers pictures. There was no problem with noise from the street below and on the third night of our stay we slept soundly through a major storm!We did not pay for the breakfast, thinking 14 euros was a little expensive(and not within our budget!) and so instead went to the little supermarkets and cafes within the area.I did not feel that far away from the centre of Barcelona, as other reviewers have commented and felt that the area was quiet at night but not unsafe. I really enjoyed my stay at the Fiesta Caspe, and was surprised it was so cheap for (what was advertised as) a four star hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amnornes
<Content>Slick This was a very decent hotel, especially for anyone who doesn't mind walking. My wife and I enjoy walking through neighborhoods, so I have no complaints about being a short hike from Ramblas (which is thoroughly over-rated). Many of the things you want to go to are a 15 to 20 minute walk. Two subway lines are a few blocks away. The hotel itself is slick. Very nice design. Clean and new. Staff was great, although the women managing breakfast were a little scary. They make you pay for internet, which was a drag when cheaper hotels now provide a terminal gratis. (Also, some reviews questioned the neighborhood, but it's no problem.)  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lgalvin
<Content>Great rooms       Fiesta Caspe bathroom  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find. We were worried that the great price for a 4* hotel may be too good to be true, but the whole stay was very enjoyable.The hotel staff were friendly and efficient and the rooms were of a high standard (The walk in showers were a big hit).Taxis to the town centre were cheap and readily available, although a couple of drivers didn't recognise the hotel name, so would suggest you know the full address.I would definitely recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel but 8 blocks away from the Plaza Catalunya A very clean minimalistic hotel, extremely friendly staff, nice decor in the rooms, however:1. The hotel is 8 blocks away from the main touristy area which can be too far to walk even on a hot day2. There are no shops, bars, restuarants etc near the hotel which is a pity- as such, you end up going to the main plaza3. the walk in shower- whilst it is extremely powerful shower, we experienced problems with the water staying in the shower area and as such the whole bathroom floor did turn into a huge puddle over the 4 days we were staying at the hotel!4. If you are wanting a lie in, dont forget to put the 'do not disturb' sign out on the door. Whilst the maid service was fantastic, they came to clean the rooms frightfully early..9-9.30am!5. On a non hotel related note, taxi fares to and from the hotel/ Plaza Catalunya can vary from 3 -7 euros . It is better to hail a taxi than to get the hotel to call for one as we found that taxis started charging from the moment they were called, not from when they picked you up.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rightee
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here at the end of August for 4 days. I really liked the hotel. We didn't take breakfast but paid about 拢50GBP a night for a nice room.Staff very friendly so obviously things have improved since some of the older reviews.The Hotel is 15-20 minutes walk from the Place catalunya but 5 minutes from 2 different tube lines and 1 block from Gran Via where there are lots of buses going to near the main Shopping areas.There is a supermarket over the road so you can stock your minibar up with fresh orange/fruit etc and as others have pointed out there is a great bakery 2 minutes from the hotel.The hotel is very clean, the rooms are modern looking with a TV/minibar/free fresh water. We ordered tea from room service and it was about 1鈧?0 a cup - not too bad. Our room was perfectly cleaned every day.Didn't manage to use the gym/sauna or eat at the restaurant.Only negative is the window wouldn't really open and there is some strange metal plating on the front of the hotel, but the room is still quite brightWould recommend if you are looking for somewhere quiet away from the centre (which in my opinion is far too noisy)  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MTL1969
<Content>justa bout perfect stayed here for business- rate of 103 EUR including breakfast was very reasonable. to me this is the perfect business hotel- nothing fancy, not pretentious, but all the basics were correct. clean room, modern look (yes, a bit Ikea but I much prefer clean laminate floors to dusty old carpet), free bottled water, free internet, a safe, a window that actually opens for fresh air, a small gym, clean and new bathroom.no complaints whatsoever. I accidentally forgot a shirt in the closet and when I came back 48hrs after checking out they found it within 5 minutes- housekeeping had put it aside. doesn;t always happen like that at other hotels...the hotel is not smack in the center but a 20min walk gets you there and is pleasant enough- plus a taxi ride from the center is only 5 EUR...  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ezelkins
<Content>Fiesta, fiesta Arrived late to the hotel and were greeted by friendly staff. Room service finishes at 11pm and not much in the near vicinity to eat late at night. Breakfast was not good value so ate in nearby corner cafe.More positively the room was lovely and bright and clean, shower very good and the mirror didn't steam up, bonus! Closely located to train to airport, Metro station and not far from the main drag. Pretty good on a budget and wish I could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find of a hotel! Very clean and bright we found the hotel to be excellent value for money, at 98 euros per night over the busy Easter weekend.We are going back after Christmas and have got a rate of 75 euros. I think the earlier bad reviewers either failed to get a good deal or are not taking the price into consideration. What are they expecting, the Ritz?It's 5 mins to the Arc de Triompe metro and 2 stops to town, and a pleasant 15 minute walk to Place de la Catalunya.The rooms were great and everything was very new as it had just opened. It is in a quieter district but if you know Barcalona you will realise that no one goes out till very late, so not to be surrounded by bars etc is a benefit, you can sleep easily.I agree with the earlier reviewer about the coffee shop round the corner, it does great food. There is a big casino around the corner too but it is just far away enough not to be noisy at all. Went there for a late drink and it was good, although my friend got an earful from his wife when he got back at 5 in the morning.We are going back next January and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Fiesta Caspe hotel in Barcelona was great. The room was spacious for 2, had a nice sized bathroom, and was located in a quiet neighborhood. (only a 5 minute walk to the metro) The buffet breakfast for 14 Euros (overpriced) was not as we expected. The only good thing about it was you could order an omelet of your choice. That was good. But for breakfast I would recommend a little coffee shop, which are located around the corner from the hotel. The concierge were very helpful and spoke good English. Every day the maid service not only made up our bed, but they cleaned our bathroom and replenished free water in our refrigerator. Overall, it's a very nice clean hotel. The room looks exactly like it does on the internet. I would recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGTB
<Content>Very pleasant stay! We arrived in Barcelona on a Thursday night at midnight only to find our original hotel had our reservation for July instead of May! They were more than helpful and found us a room at the Fiesta Caspe. We had been going to stay in Placa Catalunya and felt this was a little far out but it was actually a very pleasant 15 minute walk to the centre.The hotel only had availability for 2 nights but the staff were incredibly helpful and found us a hotel for the last night. They also had excellent recommendations for restaurants.The rooms were very modern and clean. The bed was incredibly comfortable and shower was excellent. We slept very well in this quiet location. We didn't sample breakfast or room service so cannot comment on the previous posts but from our experience I would say they have read Tripadvisor and changed their ways.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really nice hotel   showReview(2991539, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful. Watch out for "free" internet...   showReview(2772320, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay at the Hotel Caspe   showReview(2249407, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful modern hotel   showReview(2063842, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheTravelingGirl
<Content>A Nightmare Hotel   showReview(2063690, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo molto bello, Il...   showReview(22794511, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les plus : garage, acc猫s au...   showReview(22049386, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chelski07
<Content>Etwas zu teuer, aber im Rahmen   showReview(21842284, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel, situ茅 dans un...   showReview(20890674, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per il prezzo pagato..Ottimo...   showReview(20435964, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le camere non hanno finestre...   showReview(20387146, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho usufruito di una promozione...   showReview(20580718, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per chi cerca riposo e relax 猫...   showReview(20237753, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Adrof
<Content>Buenas instalaciones, pero servicio decepcionante   showReview(18817047, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderno, ci siamo trovati bene...   showReview(19189793, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il sistema d'aria condizionata...   showReview(19189790, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dco5760
<Content>Hotel Bien situ茅 : Bon Rapport Qualit茅 / prix pour la chambre sans le petit d茅j   showReview(18126651, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bruit dans la chambre due 脿 un...   showReview(17827807, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo soggiorno,ottimo qualit脿...   showReview(17679361, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel da consigliare sia per la...   showReview(17426567, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel distante dalle principali...   showReview(17602089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 situato in una zona...   showReview(17202337, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren 5 Tage in Barcelona...   showReview(17115788, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bruz64
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(16141039, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>dlm12
<Content>H么tel s茅rieux !   showReview(16030718, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>dmsbag
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(15984553, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das (nicht inkludierte...   showReview(16730813, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FedeF
<Content>fantastico soggiorno       the double room  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La ubicaci贸n e instalaciones...   showReview(16731446, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mobilier et chambres tr猫s...   showReview(16730173, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able, la chambre...   showReview(16729170, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel, molto vicino al...   showReview(16728493, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel moderne au desing soign茅...   showReview(16727337, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FemkeToscana
<Content>Il migliore   showReview(14810190, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situato in una zona tranquilla...   showReview(16727329, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel a parfaitement...   showReview(16726128, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren 4 Tage in Barcelona...   showReview(16728120, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>knierima
<Content>Sehr ruhiges Hotel in der N盲he von gotischem Viertel und Busbahnhof   showReview(14523741, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel, camera pulita...   showReview(16726127, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel posizionato...   showReview(16726126, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo, da cui 猫 facile...   showReview(16726019, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Premetto che con molta...   showReview(14078426, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccezionale sotto tutti gli...   showReview(13849634, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe hotel . Style moderne...   showReview(13548504, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Carabanasar
<Content>Excelente calidad/precio   showReview(12850465, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto ospitale, camere...   showReview(13189195, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bello, vicino alla...   showReview(13163132, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel pulito, massima cortesia...   showReview(13163233, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Soggiorno in hotel ottimo...   showReview(13189229, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato in questo hotel...   showReview(13163231, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(12908687, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren mit dem Hotel ganz...   showReview(12908583, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcellona 猫...   showReview(12752507, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto ci貌 che non 猫 comnpreso...   showReview(12716304, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo Hotel, a 10 minuti a...   showReview(12651911, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo situato 200 mt dalla...   showReview(12651910, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non posso che parlare bene di...   showReview(12651908, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr freundliche Angestellte...   showReview(12651679, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel esta muy bien aunque...   showReview(12651906, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, molto pulito e...   showReview(12651905, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr茅s propre et tr茅s beau...   showReview(12649864, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo futuristcio, posizione...   showReview(12650896, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nessuna sorpresa, tutto come ce...   showReview(11414823, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles, nettes Hotel in fast...   showReview(11414822, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel calme et id茅alement situ茅...   showReview(11414821, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel mais un peu loin...   showReview(11414827, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tasha_kmc
<Content>genial!!   showReview(10010566, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel molto bello...   showReview(11414826, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente localisation pour...   showReview(11414825, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 vicino a tutti i...   showReview(11414824, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto pulito, con le...   showReview(11414831, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bel hotel contemporain et...   showReview(11414830, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ramblas, Barceloneta, Parque...   showReview(11414829, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ottimo , come da...   showReview(12649345, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pibl0
<Content>Un hotel muy nuevo y en una buena zona de Barcelona   showReview(8605999, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A due fermate dall'inizio della...   showReview(12648400, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, solo un p貌...   showReview(11414828, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo corrispondente in tutti...   showReview(11414837, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le seule reproche sur l'h么tel...   showReview(11414836, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Strategica la posizione...   showReview(11414835, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nn abbiamo mangiato in hotel ma...   showReview(11414834, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura, camere...   showReview(11414833, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo. Posizione non...   showReview(11414832, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Abbiamo prenotato molti mesi...   showReview(11414841, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel. Nuovo e ben...   showReview(11414840, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>CRITIQUES - Nous y avons pass茅...   showReview(11414839, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider ging unser Zimmer zum...   showReview(11414838, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura...   showReview(11414845, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La bellezza e la linearita...   showReview(11414844, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il prezzo del parcheggio era...   showReview(11414846, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel corrisponde pienamente...   showReview(11414843, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Viaggio di piacere , l'hotel e...   showReview(11414842, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NicoleMontreal
<Content>tres propre, bonrapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(8250304, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nella zona ci sono molti posti...   showReview(11414847, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per chi viaggia con raynair 猫...   showReview(11414850, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon emplacement pour...   showReview(11414849, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel - absolut weiter zu...   showReview(11414816, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 perfettamente...   showReview(11414817, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen hotel, moderno con muy...   showReview(11414851, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel splendido, camera...   showReview(11414815, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bel hotel moderne...   showReview(11414852, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, a 5 minuti a...   showReview(11414853, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 bello, ma tenendo...   showReview(11414818, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Arrivati da pescara con ryanair...   showReview(11414819, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo di alta qualit脿...   showReview(11414820, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(12648514, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cmarmar26
<Content>Estupendo en todos los sentidos   showReview(7407139, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Silenzio, luci soffuse, mobili...   showReview(11414855, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, vicinissimo alla...   showReview(11414854, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s correct,suffisamment...   showReview(11414858, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel comodo al centro...   showReview(11414857, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able pour une...   showReview(11414856, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Peccato solo che mi 猫 capitata...   showReview(11414860, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Totalmente entusiasti da questa...   showReview(11414862, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Interessante la vicinanza...   showReview(11414861, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura moderna e...   showReview(11414859, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel corrisponde...   showReview(11414863, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' sempre un piacere tornare a...   showReview(11414864, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Acceuil tr猫s froid surtout pour...   showReview(11414866, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 molto comodo per chi arriva...   showReview(11414865, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Propret茅 et design impeccables...   showReview(11414867, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tranquillo, pulizia...   showReview(12648804, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto comodo per coloro che...   showReview(11414868, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimamente ubicato rispetto...   showReview(11414870, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il mio viaggio a Barcellona 猫...   showReview(11414869, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato solo 3 notti e...   showReview(11414871, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren eine Gruppe von 4...   showReview(11414872, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy bueno, bien ubicado, nuevo...   showReview(11414873, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barcelona2006
<Content>Designhotel: tolle Zimmer, sehr k眉hle Atmo   showReview(5984111, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel in zona...   showReview(11414877, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stupendo hotel, inaugurato...   showReview(11414876, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'HOTEL E' SITUATO IN UN...   showReview(11414875, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Personale molto freddo. l'hotel...   showReview(11414874, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Io e mia moglie siamo rimasti...   showReview(11414878, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Esperienza meravigliosa! La...   showReview(11414889, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M谩gnifica relaci贸n calidad...   showReview(11414888, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel pulito vicinissimo...   showReview(11414887, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nella speranza che questa...   showReview(11414885, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un'ottima soluzione per la...   showReview(11414884, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L鈥檃rrivo in hotel 猫 stato...   showReview(11414883, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo corrisponde alla...   showReview(11414882, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto confortevole e...   showReview(11414881, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour dans un h么tel...   showReview(11414880, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo staff si 猫 dimostrato...   showReview(11414879, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanze ampie, frigobar a...   showReview(11414895, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nel vostro sito dite che "Un...   showReview(11414894, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stupendo Hotel situato in un...   showReview(11414893, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able au d茅cor...   showReview(11414902, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' un hotel bellissimo...   showReview(11414901, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo l'hotel e la pulizia...   showReview(11414900, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto..lo consiglio a...   showReview(11414899, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'HOTEL N'AVAIT PAS RE莽U LA...   showReview(11414898, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel! Kann es jedem nur...   showReview(11414897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Classico hotel businnes 4...   showReview(11414892, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist sehr sch枚n, die...   showReview(11414891, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 vicinissimo alla sagrada...   showReview(11414890, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es muy acogedor, el...   showReview(11414904, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚ne Zimmer...   showReview(11414903, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo hotel, comodo xk猫...   showReview(11414908, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres bien plac茅 dans...   showReview(11414905, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'ai attribu茅 une note un peu...   showReview(11414906, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accoglienza addetti un p貌...   showReview(11414907, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto moderno e...   showReview(11414909, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Fiesta Caspe ist sehr...   showReview(11414910, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consiglio vivamente a tutti...   showReview(11414913, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo rispetta le...   showReview(11414912, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel Fiesta Caspe 猫 davvero...   showReview(11414911, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consiglio quest'hotel a tutti...   showReview(11414917, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E'veramente molto bello e...   showReview(11414914, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bravo 脿 toute l'茅quipe, la...   showReview(11414915, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Von Girona mit Bus (19 鈧?hin...   showReview(11414919, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo, il personale s矛...   showReview(11414918, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, con un rapporto...   showReview(11414921, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In complesso un ottimo hotel...   showReview(11414920, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualit脿/prezzo...   showReview(11414922, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un soggiorno da favola in...   showReview(11414923, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bella struttura. Molto vicina...   showReview(11414924, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il soggiorno presso la...   showReview(11414925, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel Fiesta Caspe 猫 un...   showReview(11414928, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 ottimo, 猫 esattamente...   showReview(11414926, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait 脿 tous points de vue. a...   showReview(11414930, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Giudizio decisamente positivo...   showReview(11414932, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo soggiorno, camere...   showReview(11414936, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Uno dei migliori rapporti...   showReview(11414938, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es una maravilla y la...   showReview(11414940, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel veramente bello pulito in...   showReview(11414942, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dass einzige was mich st枚rte...   showReview(11414944, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bei Buchungen in diesem Hotel...   showReview(11414945, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'accoglienza 猫 discreta e...   showReview(11414947, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die aussicht vom zimmer aus war...   showReview(11414948, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cet hotel est vraiment un 4...   showReview(11414954, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 recente, le camere...   showReview(11414952, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 una struttura...   showReview(11414949, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto buono e ben collegato (a...   showReview(11414951, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto perfetto e corrispondente...   showReview(11414950, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 un albergo veramente...   showReview(11414955, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In 10' a piedi si 猫 sulle...   showReview(11414958, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in zentraler Lage mit...   showReview(11414957, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo! alla fine del soggiorno...   showReview(11414956, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un albergo bellissimo ad un...   showReview(11414960, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un Hotel che consiglierei a...   showReview(11414959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buono il rapporto...   showReview(11414961, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Che dire, ottimo hotel! Non...   showReview(11414962, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 un buon albergo ad un prezzo...   showReview(11414966, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hotel contemporain,un peu...   showReview(11414963, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage, saubere und ruhige...   showReview(11414967, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 in ottima posizione...   showReview(11414968, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima la colazione anche se...   showReview(11414969, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel, rapport qualit茅 prix...   showReview(11414971, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel, in buona...   showReview(11414970, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo il rapporto...   showReview(11414972, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo posizionato una...   showReview(11414975, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo vicinissimo alla...   showReview(11414974, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le s茅jour 脿 l'h么tel nous a...   showReview(11414973, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 in posizione...   showReview(11414977, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ambiente pulito e accogliente...   showReview(11414980, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel est r茅cent et c'est...   showReview(11414978, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ben situato, a soli 20...   showReview(11414981, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unico punto critico: il letto...   showReview(11414982, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vicino al centro,comodo alla...   showReview(11414984, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel di ottima qualit脿...   showReview(11414983, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' stata la scelta ottimale per...   showReview(11414985, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tout neuf, tres propre...   showReview(11414986, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel situ茅 脿 5 minutes de la...   showReview(11414988, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

