<Author>tobeginwith
<Content>A Fine Hotel This is a fine, casual hotel that's centrally located.A friend and I stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was basically like a one bedroom apartment, with a full kitchen and a small balcony.The decor is hip and contemporary but not pretentious.The breakfast buffet was great, too, with make your own waffles, yogurt, eggs, pastries, good coffee, etc.All in all, highly recommended!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>naaman60
<Content>Faulty Towers Seattle Look, you really could do better than this hotel. After the fire alarms (one at 07:30 on Christmas day), the hot water failure (almost all day), the internet failure (again, most of the day), the broken clothes driers, the kitchen that fell apart when we touched it, the front desk saying yes but meaning no we gave up and moved to another hotel. And saved $30/night for a bigger better room! In a better part of town! Long story short, they're undergoing a renovation that is being done poorly (we stayed in a renovated room). The design of the hotel is poor: windows that can't open and windowless, dark living rooms for the one bedroom suites. Our kitchen was never equipped with pots and pans although we made repeated requests. Our hide a bed comforter never came although we asked for one several times. Unless you have a lot of time to deal with an endless list of challenges and you don't mind paying absolute top dollar for this kind of hotel, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.On the plus side, the breakfast could not have been nicer and the evening reception (with meals, basically) looked nice as well. The front desk did their best to help us most of the time and they did take money off of our bill when we asked them to do so after all of the equipment failures, etc. It's not as if the staff aren't trying, it's just too little too late.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>AGTraveller
<Content>Good family hotel We, a party of 3, had an emicable stay. The hotel is well situated and indeed within walking distance (about 10 short blocks) to Pike's Place. The one-bedroom suites are relatively roomy. I can attest to the comfortability of the sofa sleeper. If your party includes more than a couple (that take up the one bedroom), I recommend that you ask for a suite with a bathroom whose door opens to the living area. Unfortunately, the staff apparently is not provided with a floor plan (how hard is it for the proprietor to do so, really?) and it is up to you to make sure that your room is laid out thus - try room *08. Unfortunately, these rooms face the freeway and you will hear traffic noise from the I5 nearby, although to us the noise was not excessive. Some cons: The Internet connection was flaky on the last day of our stay; the parking structure is not for the faint-hearted, requiring precise navigation of your vehicle and expensive ($25 daily) to boot; the taxes add another $25 to your quoted price; the water for shower is not hot enough after a while.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>RunnerTraveler
<Content>Good location We booked this hotel for a sisters weekend getaway. The location worked out well...1 was a runner and it was close to running trails, 1 used the gym and thought it was good for a hotel gym. It was about a mile walk to downtown (Pike Place Market) and there was a city bus stop right across the street that went downtown. The free breakfast had a lot to offer...cold  hot cereals, muffins, fruit, yogurt and eggs, french toast, juices, etc. The dining area was spacious and looked out over Elliott Bay (view obstructed some by buildings). The hotel staff was very helpful and nice...no complaints. The only negative thing was our room was across from the elevator and there was quite a bit of noise from that...the walls seemed thin for this caliber hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>yvr1
<Content>A pleasant stay Very nice property, quick and friendly check-in. Nice spacious lobby and very nice comfortable breakfast room. The rooms themselves were spacious, with a living room, bathroom, kitchen and bedroom. A TV in the living room and bedroom. Rooms are modern and extremely clean. Free wifi is also offerred in the rooms. There is also a fitness center for guests. Breakfast was excellent and was included in the room rate. Eggs, french toast, cereal, juices, saussages, fruit, coffee, plus many others goodies. Plenty of food to start the day right. In the evening there is also food offerring, but not on the weekend when I was there. The hotel is a few minutes away from downtown, public transportation is across the street.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>heckonwheels
<Content>Great Place to Stay We recently spent 5 nights at this hotel and loved every minute of it. The staff is excellent and very helpful. The room was large and comfy, hot breakfast was very good and the dining area large with a big window for views outside.The evening reception (mid week only) was good with nice wines and a local microbrew on tap. An ok entre was also served each night so if you wanted to save on dinner, that was also an option.It's a short walk...but mainly uphill...to the Space Needle. A long walk to the heart of downtown but buses stop right across the street that will take you there easily. If you add the bus stop around the corner, at least four lines travel by the hotel - it's very easy to do without a car (we also use a wheelchair so that's saying something right there). We also noticed that the Seattle bus drivers are among the most friendly we've come across.Buckley's pub is just around the corner with an excellent happy hour and the best onion rings around. For a good, reasonably priced dinner try their bacon mac 'n cheese. A small mini-mart with a surly counter person is across the street.The hotel is right on the southwestern edge of the Queen Anne neighborhood so it's also in a good area.While all of Seattle is expensive, and this place is no exception, we were able to get a nice suite with a meal (sometimes two) and drinks included for about $40 -50 less than other hotels nearby.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kanson
<Content>Fabulous! I just returned from a stay at the Seattle Homewood Suites. It was great! The bed was fabulously comfortable with down pillows and soft duvet cover. We stayed there for four nights (Wednesday through Sunday)and found that all of the desk staff were friendly and very helpful. While they do not have a shuttle for the airport, they will take you anywhere you want to go around town for free! The breakfast included lots of options and the hot options were a little different every day. Also, we were expecting the evening Welcome Home to be drinks and popcorn. Instead, it was a complete meal! All of this was included in the price. On Thursday, we had lasagna, garlic bread, and salad plus soft drinks and Washington wine and beer. If you stay during the work week, you would only have to buy yourself lunch. It was a great deal. Also, they are only a couple of blocks from the Convention Center. Our suite was very nice with a separate bedroom, living room and kitchen. There were two flat screen TVs. We were very happy and impressed with every aspect of our stay.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coldmachineUK
<Content>Spacious, clean and inexpensive Most of the downtown hotels in this city are extortionate and rate quite poorly, so we opted for the Homewood Suites further afield. In fact, it's about 10 minutes walk from the Space Needle and the monorail which will actually take you to downtown for only $2 (single). So, distance is negated right off.On top of that the hotel offers a 'home away from home' with a three room suite (kitchen/lounge, bedroom, and bathroom) which is so spacious and comfortable I was taken aback. Dishwasher, microwave, and coffee facilities, complete with set of plates, pans and cutlery, made this extremely appealing for the busy traveller. Free WiFi on request as well, which was fantastic.The suite was not only spacious but also VERY clean. Desk staff and maids were friendly and approachable, and accommodating of our late check-in. Free breakfast in the morning was a treat: plenty of choice from hot food to cereals and fruit.I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel if you are visiting the area.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jerseyflygirl
<Content>Nice location, nice amenities A very comfortable 7 day stay here. The meals are a real plus... (we really enjoyed the breakfast selection and clean, classy setting). This hotel is a nice location from downtown and the Seattle Waterfront. Just remember that Seattle has some pretty steep hills if you're on foot. The front desk was very helpful with details, although we were disappointed that the 2 cribs that we needed were nowhere to be found upon arrival. My Son-In-Law even called the day before to confirm that they had been ordered. We traveled from the east coast with 3 little ones who were OH SO TIRED when we arrived. BUT a very special thank you to Angel who tracked down a crib and play pen for us when noone else seemed to be able to. Other than that? A really nice stay!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>servok
<Content>A Homey Accomodation" My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights. The desk staff were efficient and personable. They helped us with all of our requests regarding taxi service, nearby restaurants, and hours of certain attractions. There is a business office with computer and printer.The maid service was excellent.The morning breakfast choices were excellent.The rooms are spacious although not luxurious.The gym is minimally equipped ( weights, stationary bike and a treadmill) but you can access an adjacent gym which is excellent. If you choose to walk to the Seatle Space Needle you are less than 10 minutes away. Fun Buckley's pub and an Italian restaurant are less than 3 minutes away. A Catholic Church is less than 5 minutes away.If you choose to walk to the Pike Market, have your best walking shoes because it is 20-30 minutes away. Take a taxi and it is $10.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DaleGribble
<Content>So-So This is a decent hotel in a decent location with an inexperienced staff.To begin, it has so much potential: Large suites, free hot breakfast, and an evening manager's reception with beer, wine, and soft drinks.The problem is that the service is inconsistent and sometimes incompetent. During my family's one-week stay, I had to chase down Housekeeping three times because they forgot to restock towels, soap, and toilet paper, and also left a used washcloth on the floor for two days.The front desk, while extremely polite, failed to perform the routine task of restocking the drinks in the pantry until 24 hours after I requested and they grovelingly said they'd get right on it. The hotel is located across the street from Myrtle Edwards Park. Before I arrived, I had no way of knowing that the park and surrounding areas would be the scene of the 17th Annual Hemp Fest, filling the hotel with stoned party goers and the streets with stoned drivers, one of whom nearly flattened my wife and kids, who were crossing with the light in the crosswalk.When we checked in to the hotel and found that our first room reeked of pot, the front desk staff was nice enough to assign us to one that didn't. Overall, this hotel provided OK value if you don't mind solving most problems yourself. Just don't be there during the third weekend of August.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>blueiii
<Content>Good business stay With the exception of a few mis-steps by the staff, this is a great place to stay with very reasonable rates for its location.My room was (as requested) facing the bay. However, being on the second floor somewhat limited my view, but technically I could see the bay. A couple members of the staff were rather curt in their responses when asked for help. However, the younger man at the desk on Saturday night was very helpful when I thought my hair dryer was broken and promptly sent a housekeeper to fix the problem.My room was spacious and clean. I didn't like that the only place to see the television was from the bed - it didn't pull out or swivel at all.The kitchenette was great. This hotel is within walking distance to the Space Needle. A good value for the money.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	2	3	5	

<Author>adavidson2
<Content>Pretty good hotel This hotel was pretty good value for money. The view however is not great even if you get a waterfront view. The buffet-style breakfasts are ok if you get down before the cattle call. The staff were good, Location is good.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ingleberg
<Content>Excellent hotel A recent reviewer complained about this hotel, and I don't agree with any of their gripes. My family had 3 rooms here the night before our Alaskan cruise, and found it to be an excellent choice. The hotel is only 1 mile from the pier, and a short walk from the Space Needle. The shuttle to the pier was already booked into the afternoon on our departure day, so we took taxis.Our rooms were all clean, spacious and comfortable. The beds, air conditioning and showers were great. The free breakfast was definitely a step up from the average mid-priced hotel. We dealt with the front desk staff several times, and always found them to be courteous and professional.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PatriotsFaninCT
<Content>Don't waste your points or money here! My husband and I stayed two nights at the Homewood Suites before leaving for an Alaskan cruise. We had used Hilton HHonors points to book our stay. I had selected this hotel from the Hilton site because some of the other Hiltons were already booked and this was the closest one to the piers with available rooms.I was really disappointed in two specific aspects of this hotel: service and cleanliness. On the service front, the front desk manager was just a jerk and any other staff with whom we interacted were unfriendly and unhelpful. When we approached the desk to check in, the first thing out of the manager's mouth was, boy, you have a lot of luggage, said in a very derogatory way. The whole check-in experience was unpleasant, and when I noticed a sign on the desk about a shuttle to the cruise ship pier and expressed my interest in that, he just nodded that it was available and volunteered no further information.A note about what we learned about the shuttle, since you'll have to do surgery to extract the information from the desk staff: it's $5/pp and although they ask you to sign up for a time on a clipboard kept by the front desk, get there early. Our driver was waiting for us a half hour before our scheduled departure time, and although he had originally told me he wasn't waiting for a party by our name when I asked him, about fifteen minutes later he loaded in another family and then called for us. I hate to imagine what we would have felt like if we had gone downstairs at the arranged time only to discover that the shuttle had already left. And yes, using a shuttle or taxi is a good idea - the distance to the pier is just far and not linear enough that trying to walk it with a lot of luggage (and don't forget it rains a lot in Seattle) could get very uncomfortable.Back to the hotel. Both the public spaces and the rooms were not up to the usual Hilton standard of cleanliness. There is quite an extensive spread for breakfast (it was nice to see a hotel include a free breakfast with some substance since most don't anymore) but seeing the number of flies buzzing around the dining area after the meal was over was just gross. When we got back to our room at 5:00 in the afternoon and found that it hadn't yet been changed, my husband got an earful of nastiness when he flagged down a cleaning person and asked him when he was going to get to our room. It turns out that we didn't gain much by asking him to come in: he didn't even fully make the bed (he just straightened the sheets a little) and he didn't replace any of the items (coffee, soap, etc.) that we had used. On top of that, in a city that is probably more environmentally responsible than most in our country, I was shocked that he put a grand total of four glasses in the dishwasher and ran it on a full cycle.If you're looking to travel to Seattle on your HHonors points and this is the only hotel available with them, my advice is to hang onto your points for another trip and just stay at one of the many wonderful boutique hotels and inns that Seattle offers instead.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Klauswife
<Content>Near perfect accomodations/location for our stay Our family of four recently completed a two night stay (July 1  2)at the Homewood Suites Downtown Seattle (Pike Street) location. Apparently there are two Homewood Suites in downtown Seattle - this one was recently Pike Place Suites. We were extremely pleased with our room, #739. The above average size suite was immaculately clean. Loved the new modern furnishings in the room and lobby. Granite counters in kitchen and bathroom. We had a courtyard view room that was very quiet with no street noise. The king sized bed in the master bedroom was very comfortable. Queen sized sofa bed slept our 7 and 4 year old kids perfectly. The shower head was at adult height; so many hotels place them practically at a child's height. The water pressure in the shower was good, but not strong. All of our interactions with the front desk were courteous and professional. Our request for a late check out was given, no problem. Housekeeping did a good job and came mid to late morning.The complimentary breakfast is adequate to get your day started, but not exceptional. Eggs and sausage/bacon were served during our stay. Bread and bagels were offered daily, as were fresh fruit, cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, juices, coffees and hot teas. There was never a shortage of food during our stay. Everything was good, just not great. The manager's reception in the evening served beef stroganoff one night, and fish and chips the other. A small salad bar was offered both nights as well. We didn't try the stroganoff, but were not impressed with the fish. Coffee and hot tea are available 24/7.During our stay the pool was empty and pay-per-view system not working. Both were due to the renovations.The only improvements to the room would be to add in-room safes, and child-safe locks to the balcony doors.The location of this hotel could not have been much better for what we planned for our trip. It was only a 10 minute walk straight down Pike Street to Pike Place Market. 10 more minutes and you're at the waterfront and Seattle Aquarium. Walk less than 10 minutes from the hotel to the monorail to take you to Seattle Center. There are a hundred places to eat within a 10 minute walk. If you like Subway you're in luck... there's got to be a dozen within walking distance. I think Subway actually outnumbers Starbucks in downtown Seattle! The convention center is less than a block from the hotel. Tons of shopping in the area - from souvenir shops to Niketown to Nordstrom's. Overall, a great value! We will absolutely stay here again next time we are in the Seattle area.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VaTraveler46
<Content>Wonderful Stay We recently completed a two-week Pacific Northwest trip, staying in six hotels. The Homewood Suites was the first and best of the entire trip. It almost made us want to remain where we were. The room and location were excellent. The location is a quiet little neighborhood with a couple of restaurants and a market within two blocks. We had a rental car, but we left it parked most of the time we were there. We were in easy walking distance of the Seattle Center where public transportation was available. We knew breakfast was included, but to our pleasant surprise, the first night we returned to drop off purchases before heading out to find a place to eat and discovered that the hotel was serving free dinner along with free wine and beer. This takes place Monday through Thursday. The staff was pleasant and informative. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>a410traveler
<Content>Great location, spotty service       Living room  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>caneshockey31
<Content>Good Stay at this Property Okay, first of all let me clarify there isn't jackhammering going on at this hotel now, we stayed here in mid-June 2008 and had a great stay.The rooms are nice, if you have a Bay-View ensure you have a room above floor 3 or you want have a Bay-View because of the buildings in front of the hotel.The hotel is a 30-35 minute walk to Pike Place Market  10-15 to the Waterfront.The breakfast area was more like a college eating session than anything. Very busy and crowded and if you don't get there in time might not get everything that was available when breakfast started.The Managers Receptions were nice and complementary wine  beer was available.The hotel has no pool for those who like to swim during their stay but does have a 24 hour fitness center and there are plenty of hills around the hotel to walk and jog as well.Some comments:Front Desk staff were very friendly  helpfulThe hotel is the closest of all the Hilton Properties to the waterfrontThe rooms are in good shape, but the bathrooms are small in comparsion to other Hilton Hotels  the sort that i've stayed at.The internet service stinks in the room even though they tought to have this service that is 50 times faster than usual service. It is more like 50 times slower, 5 mins just to get loaded onto AOL fro m the room, but from the 24 hour business center it took about 10 seconds.A good hotel  I would stay here again.We were in Room 504 and had a nice view of the Bay each day  night.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>anchorage1977
<Content>Beware the construction noise on the nearby streets Just a quick warning: there is about a month's worth of construction goin on outside this hotel on Western Ave and Elliott Ave. If you stay here, request a non-view room (or a city view room) to avoid the jack hammer noise at night.So far the construction is limited to the evenings and night. It seems they are trying to avoid major traffic hang ups. Unfortunately, this does affect ones ability to sleep here.Otherwise a good hotel. The rooms are comfortable, the staff friendly, the walls thin, the weekends filled with kids. It's all been said in other posts and both the positive and negative reviews seem true by my view.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>100tamember100
<Content>Overall a nice stay This was my first time staying at a Homewood Suites. The outside looked very nice, however, the furnishings in the room looked a little tired and worn. I had requested and received a bay view room. The bay view was partially obstructed by the building across the street. The hotel staff were very pleasant and overall the property was in good condition. Not new, but not too terribly worn out. In general, a good room for a good value.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ghillier
<Content>Better than Expected I spent 2 nights at the Homewood Suites and it was better than expected. The best part was the courteous Front Desk personnel that assisted me when my wallet was stolen and I had to pay cash to check in - and they were happy to accomodate me. The room was large and comfy and very clean. A little off the beaten path but still convenient. $15 a day for parking is pricey but that is Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>AlaskanAcct
<Content>Great place for families We stayed at the Homewood suites after a work seminar in March, we moved over from the Waterfront Marriott, so we thought we may be slightly disappointed. However, the stay was great. The daily breakfast and weeknight welcome reception was really nice. We have stayed at a few Residence Inn's and this was a little better. They actually do your dishes for you, this was a nice surprise as I am used to having to do that part. I still got it loaded every evening. We slept in every morning and the maids still made it back to clean the room. The living room area was roomy and the bedroom was acceptable. Free Laundry, but of course that means there were only two washers and two dryers. It got a little busy on the weekend, but I checked it a few times after as it is in the same room as the gym, and they were available.We saw alot of couplese without children, but if you have kids, this is a nice place to stay that is close to the Science Center and Childrens Museum.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>kbp619
<Content>Plagued with noisy children, rooms with paper-thin walls. It shouldn't be any surprise a suites type hotel will attract families. That said, it doesn't give them the right to let their bratty kids spin out of control as if they've gone through a case of Red Bull to the point of bouncing off the walls (which happen to be next to my room). If I wanted to hear all this banging and screaming, I'd fly out east to visit my nephews, not shell out $200+ a night while on vacation.Contacting the front desk didn't help much either. They said they'd send someone up (which they did) and it got quiet, until that person left, and then the noise started up again. The hotel manager did, however, offer to move us to a different room, but not until the next day, since it was Saturday and they were sold out.The hotel offers free breakfast and a Mon-Thurs happy hour, neither of which were all too appealing (free is free). There were, thankfully, many other choices within walking distances. On that note, we were also thankful for Mediterranean Inn being 3 blocks away. No screaming kids, better location and security. Sure, the rooms were smaller (same features for the most part), but who really) spends all their time in the room anyway?And for all you parents out there, please show some respect to others and control your children (not only in hotels, but on airplanes as well).  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Agforguy
<Content>Friendly staff and good location Had to get away from the cold and snow, so we went to Seattle. This hotel has a decent location to the downtown core without the extremely high parking rates one finds in Seattle. Staff were friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>dadsasdasd
<Content>Minor disappointment but still OK       Living room in the suite  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>agentchris
<Content>Love this hotel This was my second stay at the Homewood Suites in Seattle, both prior to a cruise. As a Diamond HH member, I stay in Homewoods quite a bit and this one is the best I have ever stayed in.The rooms are nice (if you can grab one at the end of the hall they have a half circle design in the front with plenty of windows and potential bay views out the front and Space Needle views out the bedroom) and this place has the best morning breakfast and evening meal of any Homewood I have stayed at.The offer parking (never charged myself for parking on 2 stays) and it is a very easy walk to the Space Needle complex and to the waterfront. They were also offering a shuttle to both cruise ship piers.Great place, looking forward to my next stay there.Chris  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MauiDiver
<Content>Great place to stay before taking your cruise We stayed here for three night before leaving on our Alaskan Cruise - it was perfect in every way. We stayed at the downtown Hilton when we came back from the cruise and it was very poor by compairson.The room had a sitting room, kitchen area (full kitchen, dishwasher, stove top, full size ice box, microwave. Seperate bedroom. They also have a washer-dryer off the gym area that is totally free - hard to belive.If you are taking a cruise out of Seattle, this is the place to stay, private car from the hotel to the cruise terminal is only $10.00.I travel too much and it's rare to find a property that is 110% on their game.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ewjnews
<Content>Great value, one of teh best vales near downtwon       Living Room  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>hbhakh
<Content>Nice hotel in Seattle We stayed at the Homewood for two nights prior to a cruise. It's located a little outside the downtown area so cabs are needed to get to most attractions, except for the Space Needle area. We walked from the Public Market one afternoon but it was too far for comfort. The hotel was clean and well maintained but there was a bit of street noise, which was easily eliminated by leaving the AC fan on. Breakfast was OK...typical for this class of hotel. With all of the great food we found in Seattle, breakfast was not a big concern for us.The hotel offers transportation to the cruise piers for an extra charge. We reserved a private car but it did not show so the desk called us a cab. This was probably cheaper method.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>irishrover
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed one night at this hotel. On arrival the staff on reception were very friendly and helpful. We could not fault the room which was large, clean, and very well equipped with just about everything you could need. The room and hotel were also very quiet at night. I don't know whether this was unusual, but we were amazed at breakfast the next morning to see how busy the hotel actualy was because it seemed so quiet the night before. Judging from the guests at breakfast it is a very popular hotel with families.The hotel is within walking distance of Pike place market (if you like a nice walk) and the walk there also brings you past the Sculpture Park. However, when we returned at night after being at a concert at the Seattle Symphony, we did not think it was wise to walk back and took a taxi which cost 10 dollars. There is free internet available, which was helpful and a very comfortable lounge area.The free breakfast the next morning was OK and there was plenty of choice, including lots of fresh fruit. I really have no complaints about the hotel at all and would not hestitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rileydog45
<Content>A Disappointment We stayed at the Homewood for 5 nights. We had booked, and were charged for, a bay view room. Our room on the second floor did not have a bay view, unless you count a small slot between two buildings dow the street. We were paying for 3 adults but had to call twice for bedding for the hide a bed. There were never enough towls, wash clouths, etc. for 3 people. Breakfast items were plentiful but items that should have been served hot were luke warm at best.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Roadrunner01
<Content>Very average, convinient locatino for business traveler Average stay, clean...good, comfortable bed. TVs need updating.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrandMrsTucker
<Content>Pretty good stay overall We stayed in Seattle for one night here and the hotel itself was pretty nice. Check in was easy and we got to request a room on the top floor with a bay view earlier then the check-in time since we got there about 2 hours early. Check-in is at 3pm. We got a good rate on a King Bay view room with a kitchenette. The room was nice and big. There was a sitting room with tv. then the kitchen and bathroom. And, then you walked into the King room with a big window. The bed was super comfy!At first, we didn't think the neighborhood was very nice. It seemed a little ghetto as we drove down Western Avenue. But, we never walked down that way, we always walked up towards the Space Needle that was a short walk away. It was a nice walk too. The Queen Anne neighborhood just 2 blocks away was cute. There is a nice bar called Buckley's that we went to twice and it was enjoyable. It was very low key. We didn't walk to the market since it was a little too far to walk. It was only a mile or so but with some small hills on the way it wasn't our cup of tea. Instead we went to the Space Needle area and took the Monorail down to the Mall on 5th and walked 4 blocks to the market. It cost $4 round trip or $2 one-way.The free breakfast was great the next morning. They had a big buffet area and big seating room with dining tables. What was also nice was that they included free starbucks coffee packets in the rooms, and free popcorn. The only thing that sucked was no windows to open for fresh air and no fan in the bathroom. Kinda weird but I assumed they want to prevent smoking? Well, the toilet was clogged and they didn't have plungers in the bathroom so we had to have someone come up and plunge the toilet and replace the flusher. It wasn't too bad though, they were quick about it. The staff was nice.They had a suite shop in the lobby with snacks and beverages as well as souveniers to buy. I got a picture frame of $9 vs. $15 at a Seattle shop downtown. Go figure! They also provid toothbrushes and toothpaste for free if forgotten, which we did. The only thing I didn't like was that they charge $15 per car to park in their parking garage. I thought this was tacky. There was a parking lot adjacent that cost $5 to park until midnight all day on the weekends. But, we just paid the $15 to move our cars inside at night so they would be safe.Overall the stay was pretty good!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Johnny_Bea
<Content>Average stay I stayed three nights at the Homewood Suites in mid January, 2007. My stay coincided with a conference in Seattle, but I had my family (wife and child) in tow. Our first night was across town at a Springhill Suites hotel (Marriott property), which turned out to be the better of the two hotels we stayed at.First, the good things: Our room was very large, and I found the kitchen to be very well equipped, for a hotel kitchen. There was a full refrigerator, a microwave, two stove top burners, sink, coffee maker and a dishwasher. With several grocery stores nearby, one could easily eat in every night and save a significant amount of money. There were two televisions in the room, which came in handy when the kids wanted to watch one show and adults the other.Most of the staff were very helpful, and went out of their way to help me find a parking spot on the street so that I would not have to spend the $18 parking in their garage.The location is ideal if you're planning on visiting the EMP, Pacific Science Center, or the Space Needle. They are very close to this hotel.Now the bad things:Television choices were pretty miserable, especially for children. I could not find anything appropriate for my 6 year old, which normally is a good thing (we don't really watch TV at home), but we were on vacation and I would have appreciated PBS for half an hour as a way to come down from a big day at the museum.There is no pool at this location.Breakfast and the Manager's reception were both sub-par. Given the fact that we had just spent a couple of nights at a Springhill Suites, I thought all hotel breakfasts were pretty much the same. Unfortunately, this one was not that great. I realize there's not someone in the back cooking this food up but everything tasted very institutional and didn't seem at all healthy. Usually, this is fine with me since I want to explore new restaurants while I'm on vacation but I would have liked a better quality of food this time around.Some of the staff were less than helpful. One woman in particular seemed put out with any request I made. The hotel guide said, ...family board games are available at the front desk. When I went down to ask for one, she rolled her eyes, and said, Nope..Don't have any. You guys keep stealing them. I guess she meant us guys, the guests who pay her salary. However, she was the exception to the rule and most of the other staff were much more helpful.All in all, I give this hotel a C. It's clean, fairly well-located, and our stay was quiet. However, there's plenty of hotels to choose from in Seattle so I wouldn't rate it as high as others.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>blacklisted_xo
<Content>Good, But Not Great When we originally booked our reservation, we asked for a suite with two queen-sized beds, but ended up with one king-sized bed that we had to share. This was not a huge problem, but since we booked our room several months in advance, we expected to be accommodated.The suite itself was fairly clean -- there were a few overlooked details, but nothing serious. The hotel had been recently remodeled, but the construction in the suites was a bit shoddy -- there was glue on the granite counter tops around the stove and sink, the dishwasher was cheap and filthy, there was no fan in the bathroom, making it impossible to use the mirror immediately after showers, and the walls were paper-thin. The lobby and lounge area were nice, as was the complimentary breakfast buffet.The hotel itself is situated near the Queen Anne district, which is an interesting little neighborhood, and not too far from the hotel; however, everything else is a bit of a hike. We walked to Pike Place Market, which was a little over a mile away, and from there explored a bit of downtown, but it was a long walk that included some steep hills, and there were a few blocks in between that were very sketchy. If I stayed at the Homewood Suites again, I would probably take a cab to the market or to downtown.Overall, the accommodations were decent, but not remarkable -- I found the it to be similar to a Holiday Inn. I think the next time I visit Seattle (which is a really lovely city), I will choose something a little more upscale, with a more central location.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding. 5 Star value and service This hotel is, in my opinion, outstanding value for money. We arrived at the hotel way too early to check in, well so we thought, but the friendly agent at reception made a phone call to house keeping and then advised they would have a room ready in about thirty minutes. We were invited to sit and have a coffee or they would store our bags. It was like nothing was too much trouble. We sat and had coffee and before too long our room was ready. We were blown away by the size. The main bedroom consisted of a comfortable king size bed with loads of pillows and a huge TV. There was a self contained kitchen with fridge, microwave, cook top and dishwasher. Complimentary coffee and pop corn was provided. The bathroom had a bath with shower over bath. Shampoo conditioner and body lotion were provided. The lounge had another huge TV. The sofa converted to a double bed and there was another comfy lounge chair and a small dining table and chairs. There is free gym, laundry, and wireless internet connection. Full breakfast was provided as well as dinner Monday to Friday. Complimentary beer and or wine along with soft drink and coffee were also provided at dinner. The dinners were basic and in fact were not called dinner, from memory they were called the managers meet and greet. If you are traveling with children, I am sure they would love them. There is a Safeway supermarket close by. The space needle is within walking distance and there is a bus stop at the door. It is also close to the cruise ship piers, in fact we walked down to the piers and then caught a free bus to Chinatown.We would definitely stay here again and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjconner
<Content>Family Hotel The hotel worked out well for my family stay. The one downfall of a pet friendly hotel is your room can carry the after effects, as my first room did. I brought this to the attention of the manager, who quickly moved me to another room without question. The rooms are large, and most have views. They offer a well put together continental breakfast, and the hotel is very family friendly. I would recommend to all those traveling on business, or with family - not a romantic getaway.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Customer Service With all the positive posts concerning this hotel, I decided to reserve a 2-bed suite at this location. I can honestly say that my stay was extremely shocking.I checked in with 3 other guests at about 8:30pm, but did not arrive in our room until 10:30pm as we went to the local safeway to purchase some groceries for our dinner. At 11:30pm, we were informed by the security guard that there was a noise complaint from our neighbour. Although we were talking and making some noise as we were unpacking, I was slightly surprised that we received a complaint. We apologized to the security guard and assured that it wouldn't happen again.At around 1:00am-2:00am, we were hearing continuous banging on the walls and chatter. Although we were unsure where these noises came from, we realized that another group was having a party across the hall from us. Because we were still awake, the noise never really concerned us.At 2:30am, the security guard comes up to see us again and informed us again that there was another noise complaint and that we had leave. I was completely shocked and briefly explained that we had made an honest effort in lowering our voices and believed that the complaints are most probably concerning the group across the hall. The security guard refused to listen and asked me if I was going to leave. I literally explained that I don't believe that we are the ones making the noise. The guard responded in saying that is all he needs to hear and let's us know that the police will be on their way to escort us out.After this situation, I proceeded to speak with the security guard downstairs who was also the night manager and another receptionist. We were given very rude comments such as You better leave now because the police is after you. No resolution was solved and no opportunity to listen to us was given. As we left the hotel, the police came and commented to the manager that we didn't seem like we were causing any harm or being a threat. I visited the hotel again couple days after before I left Seattle and was informed by the staff that it was a business and we can choose to refuse service and to not listen to your comments. I was told to contact the manager the next day whom I just spoke with, but once again refused look into farther and listen to our situation openly.There was a lot of other things that concerned me during the stay here and after reading this you may be questioning the validity of my situation, but I wanted to share my opinion of this hotel from a person who is extremely easy going and usually does not complain. This experience has really affected me and I would encourage anyone who is staying at this hotel to look at other options. I was charged $161 and even if this situation didn't happen, I felt that the quality of the room and its location was not worth this amount. We ended up at the Holiday Inn Express and felt that there rooms were cleaner and the location was better. Please do not hesitate to leave a post or contact me at v_ng29@hotmail.com because I strongly believe that this situation should have never happened and would hate to see anyone else receive poor customer service at this hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lcacsd
<Content>Excellent place to stay Very convenient to Space Needle and nice walk down 1st St or along the waterfront to Pike Place Market. Excellent restaurant La Dolce Vita one block up. Parking in garage recommended, very crowded on street during week. Good place to stay for money, especially with breakfast included.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mhrjw
<Content>Great choice for the money We stayed here with our 2 small kids for a weekend and everything was great. The suite was clean and in great condition. The small kitchen really came in handy and having a seperate bedroom with the extra space is nice. They have a decent breakfast included and an evening reception during the week. There was more noise than I have experienced in other hotels. Even though the hotel was not busy when someone walked down the hall you could hear everything they were saying. When someone in the next room closed the door it sounded like your door slamming. Having said that I would still stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed here for two nights in June last year. We had a suite, which was a good size (for four adults). The kitchen was OK, but not very well equipped (coffee maker was missing a plug etc), but that wasn't a problem for our short stay. The room was a little noisy, as you could hear people coming and going, but we were close the to elevator, so maybe a different location would be OK. The sofa bed was not very comfortable. Hotel staff were very helpful, and gave us good suggestion of stuff to do etc. We were there mid-week, and got the free 'manager's special' evenings. These were great! Free drinks (beer, wine, soft drinks) and free food! There was a Mexican theme night ( Sangria, chilli, corn chips, rice etc) one night, and a Greek theme the other night (kebabs, hummus etc). This made the hotel even better value, as we didn's have to pay for dinner for two nights!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cheeseheads
<Content>Pre Cruise Family Fun We stayed for three nights before our Alaskan cruise in a studio room. We invited another family with four kids to join us, and they were upgraded to a larger suite. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful in suggesting fun and inexpensive things for the family to do. Both the lobby and the hotel rooms were clean. We enjoyed the free full breakfast and weekday happy hour. The location was convenient. The pier for Norwegian and Celebrity cruise lines was closer to the hotel than the Princess and Holland America. It was a relatively short walk from the hotel to the trolley, which then would take you all over the city. Unfortunately, we didn't realize that Hempfest was going on in the park not far from the hotel. The kids really got an eyeful and actaully it was kind of scarty at times.Overall, we had a wonderful time in Seattle. We enjoyed spending time in Pike's Place market, the International District, Pioneer's Square (and the underground tour), and the Seattle Center. The Pacific Science museum was lots of fun. The view from the Bank of America Tower was really nice.On the advice of the hotel staff, we also walked up the hill a few blocks to see the view of the city - breathtaking. We would definitely recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrExecTraveler
<Content>Good with some 'reservations' Spacious, and a friendly staff and good cleanliness allow me to rate 4 bullets instead of three. It is rather basic on some levels - the soundproofing is not good, the individual wall a/c  heat units are loud, there is only basic TV reception+HBO, and you can't really cook in the suites, but rather just heat things up. It would be very helpful to longer stay trevelers (the purpose of this concept) if they had a Foreman Grill (since there is no oven or broiler) and expanded TV stations. And I always think these places are better to have NO greenery in the rooms than cheap, artificial ficus and ivy plants. On the plus side, the lighting is good, the mattress excellent, foam pillows and Starbucks coffee pods. Plus the bedroom has a good, easy and softly lit clock radio. Towels are very good quality, and bathroom products are small but decent, excepting very cheap and scratchy tissues.The complimentary high speed internet access is WiFi only. For those who don't have Wifi, there is a (slow) modem. The voicemail system allows you to add your name to the room voicemail only - no outbound message.Location is a $7 taxi ride to the center city or an appx 2 mile walk.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eat my dust
<Content>4 happy women We were here 4 days and 3 nights..I wish it had been longer. Service was wonderful. Room bigger than some apartments ! Best location..close to clubs and waterfront. The bench out front was a great place to sit on a summer evening. I will go back !!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel in a quiet area, but not downtown The first thing to note is that it's a stretch to say this place is in downtown - it isn't, it's about a 15 min walk out along the bay.That said, it's still a good hotel with relatively easy access to the downtown area and it's only a short walk to the exhibition site (Space Needle etc.)It is hilly though, so anyone with mobility issues may need to look elsewhere unless transport is readily available to them.We had a room with 2 queen beds right by the elevator and the only noise we noticed was the a/c unit which seemed intent on coming though the wall. The room was clean enough except for dirty patches on the carpet. The only problems were the a/c unit (working but you know it, not enough to change rooms though) and one of the cooking rings was broken (never use it anyway - I'm on holiday!)The area was quite nice with a couple of good bars and restaurants close by along with the Safeways 5 mins away (including a Starbucks of course).Service at the hotel was quick, friendly and knowledgeable. They were always willing to give advice and call a taxi etc.If it wan't for the slightly out of the way location, we would definitely go back. If there were no closer option, I wouldn't complain.Oh yes, if you want a nice day out, take the ferry to Bainbridge Island ($6.50 return, 35 mins or so.) Nice little island, good views of the city across the bay. Hire a bike for an hour and have a look around, but bear in mind this place it isn't particularly flat either, never mind what the guide book says!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>patsyannie
<Content>OK Stay, but there is a Difference in Units We recently stayed in this hotel for one night and returned a few days later for two nights. The units were vary different. I was staying on Hilton points so I did not pay for either stay. But, what a difference in units.My first unit was huge with a large king size bedroom, a large hallway with a large living room with a lovely coffee table in front of a quality comfortable sofabed. The kitchen unit was like a galley kitchen. This end unit had two large windows overlooking the bay (between buildings).On my return, we had a standard unit, near the elevator. It was a bit noisy as you could hear people coming and going. This unit was about a third the size of the first unit. It had two queen size beds in the bedroom with a very uncomfortable (as in I am not sleeping on this) sofa bed. There is an expanded continental breakfast available. We were not there for the Monday through Thursday manager's evening expanded snacks. There are limited snacks that can be bought at a area near the front desk.A large Safeway is about a 10 minute (uphill walk away). The kitchen is not really set up for serious cooking since they lack a oven, but there is a two burner stove top and a microwave and a refrigerator. There is a toaster, coffee maker, plates and a few pots and pans. The staff was friendly and quickly shared an umbrella when we were walking with the threat of rain. They were very response to calling taxis. This site is a bit away from the downtown area, but fine if you have transportation, don't mind walking or calling a cab. There is a free washer and dryer on site by the exercise room. The exercise room has two tv's, step machine, different bikes, and weights. It is in the lower basement area and is accessed by a key card. However, at night I would want someone with me as I washed or exercised. There was a fire alarm during our stay that required us to exit the building. However, we never heard what had caused the fire.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>westphillyboy
<Content>good value Good value. Reasonably close to space needle and other attractions. Staff was very pleasant  willing to help with directions and places to eat. Although construction was going on, they tried hard to make our stay comfortable. Breakfast and exercise room led much to be desired. However, the overall stay was good. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay Breakfast is wonderful.Location can't be beat.Rooms are big enough to fit 4 comfortably.Park out on the street! It's possible. We never once had to pay for parking.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BornToTravel
<Content>Clean and great breakfast My husband and I stayed at this hotel during a business trip that I had. It was close to the Space Needle. There was not much else within walking distance however we were driving everywhere so it did not matter to us. We had a nice view from our window. The rooms are very spacious and clean. The breakfast was a deluxe continental that included eggs and sausage. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay... I stayed at the Homewood Suites Nov. 27 - 29, 04 and loved the place.Front desk staff was very nice, helped us with directions and places to eat. Our room was huge. very clean. Parking could be a problem (free parking on the street) we instead paid $9.00 a day for the underground parking at the hotel. The free breakfast buffet was so so. If any thing was wrong that would be it. Location wasnt the greatest, but within walking distance of the space needle, need a taxi or car rental for Pike's Market and other downtown attractions. Would stay there again the next time.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melaniew
<Content>Loved this hotel This hotel had all the conveniences of home. Including a free dinner and beer/wine reception in the evening! Well worth the money I spent. Will definitely be back.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Off the beaten path... This hotel was OK. It is a ways down along the sound - about a mile walk to civilization through an abandoned office/ warehouse district that the city is trying to enliven with lofts - doesn't look like it is working yet. If you are staying for several days and can make use of the kitchenette facilities, it would be a better value. Room was clean  updated. Have caution when paying extra for water views - this may only get you a view through the crack between two buildings. Good, full breakfast (including eggs, sausage). OK but limited (treadmills, free weights, stairmaster) exercise room at street level (not all that cheerful).  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like the Homewood Suites We've stayed at the Homewood Suites in Seattle numerous times. Our latest experience, in Sept. 2004, was not as good as usual, though. We paid $159 for a bay-side room with a king bed. Compared to other rooms in the hotel that we have had in the past (usually street-side), this one had a very small bedroom, an armoir but no closet, and, although it was a non-smoking room, there was a pervasive smell of smoke that seemed to be coming through the ventilation system. Two calls to the front desk did not resolve the problem. There are no luggage racks, as others have mentioned. Why in the world doesn't the management just buy them?? For Dec. 2004 I've reserved for five nights at $109. through Orbitz. I expect these accommodations will be more like those we've had in the past--nice size bedroom, a closet, and no smoke smell. I've come to realize that in most hotels a room with two doubles is larger than one with a king. These are not fancy Hilton-like rooms, but clean and adequate. It's so nice to have a LR separate from the BR. The free full breakfast is a big plus and the DR is very pleasant. There's also a free light dinner, but I don't have any experience with that. We've always found the front desk staff to be friendly.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gracie59
<Content>Would go back in a heartbeat Cannot say enough about this hotel. The staff was helpful and courtious. The room was great. The managers reception each evening was a real budget saver, and the food was excellent. The breakfasts were also good. The only thing you should know, is it is quite a walk to Pikes Market. I would recommend you take the suttle from the Space Needle and do the city that way. The Space Needle is about a 4 (long) block walk - up hill - from the hotel. You can get around easily from there. Get the city pass and you can see everything and get around no problem. Pikes Market is a definate must see.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Experience My stay at the Homewood Suites in Seattle was a good one. The room was nice, quiet and in working order. The breakfast was good. We could walk almost everywhere we wanted to go from the hotel. The only complaint I have is that the staff is not overly friendly and don't really seem to care about much of anything.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meursault
<Content>Service a Big Let Down, Average Room Type Hotel Upon checking in one, late night, I was appalled by the very lack of hospitality by the rude service desk attendant upon check in, a pen was accidentally thrown at me without an apology, I was not told about the free breakfast bar or dinner or anything else which should be presented to a first time visitor, and further appalled by a paranoid Chinese employee who thought I was a tramp off the street who harassed me by saying, What are you doing here? several times in a harsh tone. I was also disappointed to be given a room by a noisy intersection where cars passed at all hours and a train track was located in the vicinity. I immediately changed the room the next morning and found another rude employee who thought my request was just a trifle. The new room was away from traffic and it was average, pluses are an assortment of kitchen wares and stove, sink, frig, etc so you can cook your own food. The first night the room was not made up and the air cond unit did not shut off, and the iron was broken, they were also working on the rooms with hydraulic hammers so it was very, very noisy. The breakfast bar is an okay deal, but the food is rather bland and I got sick after 3 days of eating high sodium synthetic eggs and sausage with water based juice. There is no service, employees are usually in their own world. The hotel itself is far away from downtown if you walk but there is a bus nearby up the hill which is cheap. Beds aren't very comfortable, tv has okay channels, a sofa and chair is capable. In all, it was a basic stay and beats some of the more expensive downtown hotels but the manager, who never was present, really should hire more friendly employees who don't seem 'annoyed' by customer requests.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bosman
<Content>Hilton Homewood Suites a Bargain Stayed there late August '04. Not luxurious but large, clean rooms, working kitchens, quiet and free breakfast and dinner (some days). Easy walk to Space Needle and convenient to downtown and waterfront. Friendly, young staff. Excellent for families and at about $160/night, a bargain. We parked on the street for free, too. Would do it again if visiting the area.Also stayed at Sol Duc Resort in Olympic National Park. Accomodations were OK, food good, hot springs great and the scenery just stunning. Worth the drive from the city.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! Stayed at the Homewood Suites the last week of August. Found it to be an excellent value. Room was clean and well taken care of. The staff was very courteous and helpful about places to eat and giving directions to area attractions and sights. Was within walking distance of several attractions. Serve a great breakfast! Highly recommend you stay here if in Seattle!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andrianpelly
<Content>Front desk customer service We booked two rooms and when I called for an ironing board, which should have been in the room already, they said they would send it right up. After an hour it still had not arrived so I called the front desk again and was told it had been taken care of. I asked, politely, why then had I not received it and the guy was very impatient, saying you will get it and hanging up. Turns out it was delivered to the wrong room, mistakes happen but there is no need to be nasty to the customer. They could do with a little PR training as I saw the same guy being nasty to somebody else. Rooms are nice, breakfast is good although the layout of the self service is not too efficient. They only have one computer for guests to use and it was being used by kids to play games so dont depend on that!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You can pay less for better - elsewhere. Stayed here 6/19- 6/21 and at best it's OK - but not up to Hilton's standards - for several reasons. Used this site to choose the place. Decided to take a chance as the reviews are mixed. Well, bottomline, this Hilton Property is one to pass over if you have other options. I travel a lot and stay all over including Hiltons. This place is again OK but don't go out of your way. Hampton Inn Suites are a few blocks away look there before here. The management of this Hotel apparently does not listen to it's customers. Upon arrival with four large suitcases - we noticed that there were no folding suitcase racks to be found. These racks are standard and custom in the industry so I thought it must be an oversight. When asked I was told 'no' that the decision was made not to buy them when the hotel opened. That sounded just too stupid to possibly be true so I asked a different person again, later. Same answer. Indeed it was true. HOWEVER the person went on to say that a lot of customers complain about that !! Oh, really?Thus, the feedback loop to the onsite manager is not working. Decided no need to try further. So I'll post it here and complain to Hilton as well. If you stay here with a family and you have more than a few bags you will place them on the floor as the chest of draws are small and already have a large TV on top. The two bedroom suite is large and 'clean' but institutional in decor. The sofa and chair ( yes, only one of each in a large suite) are frankly very cheap and uncomfortable. But the lack of furniture turns out to be a plus as you will need the space to put your bags on the floor.The beds are made in such a way so that when you roll over the sheets come with you. Every time ! An expirence sometimes found at a Motel 8 or such but not typical of a Hilton property charging this amount.The sofa bed was full of crumbs when we folded it out. Ick. The bathroom door lacked a lock - meaning there was a hole were the lock should have been - we are all friends so no big deal. Location is close to the space needle and adjoining attractions but away from the downtown and the waterfront area - that is where much of the action is. The breakfast food is fine. The 24/7 coffee located in the lobby is hot and fresh . We were there for a hotel power outage for repairs (scheduled prior to our arraival but annouced the day before it occured ) which caused me to carry our bags down five flights of steps. I was not enchanted by that either. Seattle is fine enjoyed the City... but this place was a bit of a downer.   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We stayed here in September 2002, and absolutely loved it! The room was spacious and clean, and the hotel is in a great location. The full breakfast buffet was very good, and the evening reception was nice as well. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's not perfect... After reading the reviews posted here, I thought this place would be flawless. Well, it isn't. But it still is a good deal for the $. Flaws were cleanliness (dirty stained rugs, moldy shower cutain) and night time noise level (freight train air horns all night long, street traffic and paper-thin walls; my neighbor's alarm clock at 4:00 am sounded as if it were next to my head!). On the plus side, the rooms are big, free breakfast is very good (fresh-baked muffins are great!) and happy hour is good, too. Free appetizers and beer can't be bad!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Homewood Suites: A terrific value!   showReview(1503101, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like home.....   showReview(1442077, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Homewood Suites, Downtown Seatle   showReview(1377412, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation   showReview(1373482, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Suites are sweet....   showReview(1269497, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for families   showReview(1235826, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DrReUZit
<Content>Outstanding Value and Comfort   showReview(1228604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great base for seattle   showReview(1148189, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a longer stay   showReview(1118585, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, good price   showReview(917787, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr laut und etwas an vom Schu   showReview(18530112, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unser Zuhause in Seattle   showReview(11355846, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

