<Author>beetroot21
<Content>would go back enjoyed our stay. staff very friendly. room was small but well layed out. ventalion system bit noisey at night.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	4	4	

<Author>xcmkx
<Content>Would not go back stayed here with my mum in aug 2007, we got a good deal and after reading some reviews didnt really expect much!arriving at the hotel it looked lovely! the reception and the corridor were quite glam (a little scary) however when we seen our room we had to laugh. we asked for a twin room,however the 2 beds were pushed together the room was so small! the only way we could get into one of the beds was by climbing over the other! i didnt mind the size so much (it was a bargin price) but there was nowhere to unpack your clothes, the bed sheets were tacky and torn and im not even goin to get started on the bathroom! loleven although it was cheap and your not really in the hotel during the day i recommened you pay that extra bit more because this was just not a pleasant experience!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Kate63London
<Content>Good value for money Good value for money. Nothing luxurious but can't be expected. Friendly staff.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bell131313
<Content>Style over comfort       Staircase up to rooms  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>moosexs
<Content>1. Problems with deposit 2. Noisy old rooms 3. Overpriced breakfast 1. The hotel takes 300鈧?credit card deposit uppon arrival, but it seems like they do not return it! After several emails hotel personel finally responded, and promised to return the deposit next month. Reported the hotel the the credit card company...2. Room was old and noisy. I actually had to wear earplugs to sleep.3. Breakfast cost 16鈧? and trust me when I say that it definately was not worth it!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>stroffs
<Content>A YMCA room in the price of a 3-4 star hotel. In a nut shell: it鈥檚 a YMCA room in the price of a 3-4 star hotel. A former traveler in this site took those pics which similar to what we鈥檝e seen in our room (in the 2oo鈥檚 wing): http://www.tripadvisor.com/members/MIKeMIKeUkAfter complaining, we were upgrade to the junior suit (in the 100鈥檚 wing) which was more than O.K. Staff, although trying, was far from being helpful. The location out of the center requires a 5 min Tram ride (no. 7 or 10).I guess one鈥檚 impression is solely depend on the location of one鈥檚 room, but hey, with such a selection of hotels in town, why even bother to take the chance?  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Vintern
<Content>Thieves, bad service and small, bad rooms Big warning for Arena Hotel! Read on!First impression is that Arena Hotel is a very nice place to stay, don't be fooled. We had three rooms and in ALL three of them our luggage was searched and we got some money and an iPod stolen. When we reported it the manager didn't looked very surprised but were at least quite nice. When we got back from dinner and asked what they had done the night portier gave a lot of bad attitude. I wouldn't recommend this dunghole to my worst enemy and I will do what I can to tell everybody going to Amsterdam to find a better place to stay. DON'T COME HERE!!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	4	2	2	3	3	1	1	

<Author>LondonPaulJ
<Content>Bad reception having stayed in this hotel for 3 nights cant say that was a good experience. Great looking hotel with nice facilities but very minimalistic rooms.Very unprofessional approach from reception staff demanding a 150鈧?deposit or no check in!!!never heard of that in any hotel in the world and we had stayed in so much better places across europe,surprises me how this one allows itself to work this way.Nevertheless you learn from your experiences,in my opinion,beautiful place but should be better managed!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	2	3	

<Author>bellajus
<Content>As I sit in my pathetic room... This hotel is in a very residential area. Especially when the university across the canal is not open for the summer, this area is practically deserted. The hotel room was on a split level in the C-wing of the hotel on the ground floor. We had to pay 2 Euro an hour for the internet, kill a few spiders in our shower-closet and listen to construction outside of our window at 8 am in the morning. You can hear every footstep from the people above you and you can hear the noise from the hallway outside your bedroom door. The tram #7 and #10 are right outside the door which pour you right into the nightlife area - but once the tram ends around midnight. There's no way back to the hotel - but your feet. And, again, it's quite deserted. Not many options for food - ugh.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	5	3	2	

<Author>MIKeMIKeUk
<Content>worst value for money in 27 years       yet again  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	2	3	2	

<Author>theblueroom
<Content>un-impressed very minimalistic, our room was bare we had a bed a table and a settee ..so far so good... but then the hanging space for our clothes were very similar to school or leisure center lockers.. there was also a over bearing smell of sewage comming from our bathroom at one end from the other end (the window) was second hand smoke coming from the outside smoking area below... and the hotel seemed to be more interested in its disco/nightclub clients than the actual people who were staying there .. but another plus was you can get free earplugs so you dont hear the nightclub and the people leaving at 4am and the staff moving the outside table and chairs about.. no i wouldnt want to stay there again  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Koffielover
<Content>Nice design, nice breakfast, bathroom could be better       sleeping area  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	2	4	3	2	

<Author>KENTGEMMA
<Content>lovely hotel! ignore the bad reviews on here we have just stayed at the hotel arena this weekend... we drove down to amsterdam, this hotel was really easy to find!!! its a bit out of the way but 5min on a tram for 1:60 euros gets you right into the city centre!!first impressions the hotel was quite trendy, reception was lovely.. really differentthere was 3 couples with us, one couple got upgraded to an executive suite, the other 2 was in deluxe rooms on 2 floors, they were nice and clean.. mayb a bit shabby round the edges but they are doin the rooms up this year so should be lovely after july 2008!! the stairs are quite steep... and you would def need to b careful after a few wines!!!the hotle gets quite busy at night but it was quite nice to leave the centre of amstedam and go for a drink here.. the club looked really busy sat nite.. not very noisy tho and we were near enough overlookin the courtyard!!!breakfast wasnt really worth the 16euros, but i suppose we did get down there for 10am and it finished at 11am!!all in all a lovely hotel, and not too far away from the city centre!!!AND WE DEF DIDNT MEET NE BED BUGS!!!!!!! LOL  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mckinley88
<Content>sounded cool, but.... okay, my wife and i like to think of ourselves as being a little bit on the hip side, but i guess we're not quite hip enough to get the hotel arena. the hotel occupies a portion of what was previously a catholic orphanage which gives it a ton of character, but in this case, character = creepy.the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, but they can only do so much to make up for the rest of the place, the rooms are very sparely furnished and come off feeling cold and dingy, nothing more. the hotel itself seems a bit off of the beaten path, but two nearby tramlines, including one right outside the door help to connect you to the rest of the city.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>neats08
<Content>good hotel. As a young couple the Arena hotel was very cosy and compfortable. The room was pretty basic but very nice, it was modern and had sky television. It was located perfectly as it was only a 10minute Tram journey away from all the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irishdame
<Content>Ok hotel Watch out the price of the breakfast 鈧?6 ahead and nothing specialThe food in the restaurant was good.Accommodate was very basic and minimal, needs a lick of paint. Be prepared for a long walk or take the tram to get to Dam Square.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Raisonable
<Content>Cool hotel My wife and I stayed here, along with two friends, for a 5 night break. On arrival (only 35 euros and 20 minutes in a taxi..if that), we were impressed by the exterior of the hotel and the quiet but accessible location. The reception staff were friendly on arrival - we asked if we could have our rooms closer together and they upgraded us to deluxe rooms to make this possible, which was a nice bonus!Deluxe rooms are not exactly plush however. The room we were in had a split level, with the bed upstairs and (steep wooden) steps leading up to it. Downstairs had two leather armchairs, small table, the shower-room and a seperate toilet (handy in the mornings!).Our breakfast wasn't included but we opted out of buying any at the hotel - at 16 euros each, it was far too expensive. The restaurant looked really lovely but we didn't eat there at all....rather be out and about in the Dam! The hotel is situated fairly close to the centre - we walked it in about 35 minutes but, after that, opted from the tram as the stop was nearby and had a regular service. The fare one way is 1.60 euro, but you can buy strips of tickets which save you money.The only problem with our room was the steps leading to the mezanine level - they were steep and made of polished wood. My wife slipped on these slippery steps and injured her back, meaning she has been signed off work for weeks....Our last night was a Friday and their club (ToNight) was open - the bar and club seemed very popular and there was inevitable noise, well into the night. Not from the club but people drunkenly coming and going. We weren't bothered by this but some might be...Overall, a very cool hotel, extremely beautiful and friendly place in a good location. Will stay again!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>miambo
<Content>Do not stay here.... This hotel is dreadful... don't be fooled by the funky website or great deals. On arrival the reception and bar/restaurant areas look really cool.. but as soon as you get to the corridors or rooms, it still looks like a dinghy old hostel. The carpets are filthy, the rooms are bare - no duvets on bed, just sheets. No soap or shampoo in shower. No towels. I heard one girl asking for a hair dryer at reception and she had to leave a 鈧?0 deposit!!!!! I stayed all of 20 mins and checked straight back out and went to the gorgeous, clean, friendly and central Victoria Hotel.Do not stay in Arena Hotel. You have been warned..Location is awful. Rooms are awful. Bad, bad, bad.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Londonerwhoknows
<Content>vile place I stayed in this hotel with a friend of mine over a friday and saturday. Like the reviewer before me, i too have returned covered in bites. Things started badly as i had booked a twin room but was given a double. When we complained the staff were incredibly rude and very unhelpful and tried to persuade me that even though my confirmation form said we had booked a twin they could not guarantee it. The toilet smelt disgusting and the entire room had not been cleaned before we arrived. The tiles were not properly plastered to the walls. The paint was peeling off the walls and the radiators did not work even thought it was mid winter. The beds were very thin pieces of foam and i came home with a very sore back. The carpets in the communal areas were filthy. I guess i wouldn't complain so much if it wasn't incredibly expensive for what it was. Sort it out guys, this place is a complete hole.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>okidoki44
<Content>Should have picked something closer.... This review is a bit dated, hopefully they have upgraded since then. My husband and I have never been to Amsterdam, and this was our first time going. I did an extensive search online to pick the perfect hotel. We didn't want to be too close to the city center, but didn't want to be too far out. I found the Hotel Arena online, and looked at the pictures. Loved the artsy and modern decor. So we booked it. After a long transatlantic flight, we arrived into Amsterdam at 9PM, and it was still light out. We found our way to the hotel by public bus. When we arrived at the hotel, it had a very goth look, with the trees shadows against the building. We walked in, the reception area was like a coat check-in for a club. Mind you it was a Friday night, and there is a nightclub on site, and they were setting up for the evenings festivities. The check-in was quite easy, they gave us keys to our room. As we proceeded down the curtain lined hall, I was just hoping that our room would be better than we thought. Took the elevator to the 6 floor, the doors creeped open and the flourescent like flickering. Not a very good vibe, open the door to the room, and found 2 twin beds on opposite side to the room and the smell was just horrid. I opened the covers on one of the bed and found stuff crawling. We immediately called the front desk, they told us the hotel was all booked, and wouldn't have an open room until the morning. We had no choice but to sleep. We didn't shower, nothing, just closed our eyes and drifted in and out of sleep all night long. Come to find out later that the hotel used to be an orphange in the early 19th century. Best thing of the hotel was the complimentary breakfast, great crossaints!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>txn_Lterm
<Content>dirty,budget,bed bugs I stayed here with a good friend of mine for 7 days (jan. 10-18). To say this place was a dump would be an understatement. The shower floor wasnt even curved so the water ran right out into the bathroom, The Room we were given seemed to be the worst room in the entire building. If you do plan on staying DO NOT STAY in the D section. Some more things, Hotel cleaning only came by 3 times in 7 days, I seriously doubted the cleanliness of the sheets, pillows, and towels.You may think im over-reacting a little right? think again.. To make things worse.. My friends just emailed me saying he had a rash on his body .. Now i cant say the rash is from hotel arena, but I wouldnt discount the fact it very well could be. Judging on the cleanliness of the room, hotel cleaning,bathroom, pillows, towels... ALL VERY BUDGET AND VERY CHEAP AS WELLWORD TO THE WISE DO NOT STAY HERE.. Pay the extra money and stay in a quality place.. I know I will next time.. p.s. The staff is overall pretty rude.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fantastic0
<Content>lovely hotel We stayed in this hotel for two nights and were really impressed. It was a little bit out of the centre of Amsterdam but still easily walkable and had plenty of trams stopping 2 minutes away. It was an unusual building (converted orphanage) which was much more unique than your average hotel. We had our room upgraded on arrival to a superior room, which was large, with a mezzanine level for sleeping and tv, sofa, desk, etc downstairs. Bathroom was very clean and the shower was good. Rooms are minimalist in decoration with old fashioned windows and real wood floors. The room was still cosy and was also really warm considering it was freezing outside! We didnt try the restaurant but the cafe/bar attached was good and busy at night, even though you couldnt hear a thing from our room. The only thing I could fault about this hotel was the long check in but staff were still always friendly and helpful.Overall I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	2	4	4	

<Author>willdopl
<Content>Dire The hotel was dire. Rooms were minimal, not clean, in need of upgrading. Safe didn't work, when I asked for an iron there was not one available and I was treated like a nuisance, staff were surley..  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Com1987
<Content>Stay Away Absolute disgrace, Cleanliness is not even considered, Rooms are very minimal almost like a hospital, staff not very helpful, overpriced.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	3	

<Author>AmsterdamLondon
<Content>Still like a hospital A group of us stayed here for new year 2008. The rooms were priced at 拢130 per night, which is VERY steep for this 'hotel'. The building has a lot of history - hospital, orphanage, old people's home - but it's really not been renovated enough to shake off any of these former lives! It even smells a little bit like a hospital. The lobby area is impressive and gives you hope but even before you get to the rooms you feel like you are checking into an institution. The staff on the desk were annoyed they had to deal with us and there was no 'service mentality'. Once we got to the room we didn't quite know what to make of it. We had been told, as it says on the website, that the hotel is minimalist with 'designer' furniture and warm colours. Don't be fooled! Minimalist it certainly is. It is like a hospital room, the designer has totally missed the mark (if there ever was a designer involved). The rooms are stark with white washed walls, much like a hospital, smell of disinfectant and still have the old hospital toilets, sinks and showers. The 'split level' effect is bizarre and really inconvenient if you need to get up to go to the loo. The stairs are incredibly steep (I'm 30, not 80) and there is no reason to have a split level other than the fact way the building has been converted is inappropriate for a hotel, it just doesn't fit! One good point - the bed was VERY comfortable. Thank god, because it wasn't a nice room to relax in, sleep was the best thing to do! If you need somewhere to put your head down for the night this place does the trick but to try to spin it as a chic, minimalist, luxury hotel is a joke - you'd be better off checking into a youth hostel and saving your money.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>louisekc84
<Content>Not a three star hotel, don't stay here unless you are OK in hostel-style rooms I read a lot of reviews of this hotel before staying and thought that everyone who said it was bad was overreacting but they were not. The cafe and restaurant are really priced at a four star level and are clearly the reason that the hotel has the rating it does as the rooms are not good at all but the food in the restaurant is lovely. However, the rooms just bring this whole place down.We had booked a deluxe room and were given a split level twin even though we booked a double. At first we were impressed because it was split level but then we realised it was more like a room in a hostel. The two single beds were up on one level and the TV, desk, plastic chair and really uncomfortable bench-like sofa were on the bottom level. I personally would have preferred for everything to be on one level so we could watch TV in bed but this might not be a consideration for everyone. The room had no pictures on the walls at all and the ceiling was covered in stains and in desperate need of a lick of paint. When we took the sheets off the mattresses to push them together and make a double bed, we could see that they had stains all over them including a huge one where someone had clearly wet the bed at some point. This isn't something I would expect in a three star hotel.I was a little disappointed so I went to speak to the front desk staff on the second day to see if anything could be done. They seemed annoyed with me even though I was being polite and told me that most people liked the split level rooms. I said that it was more the two beds that had annoyed me as I was away with my boyfriend on our first holiday and we had booked a double room not a twin. They said that if I had said something the day before they would have done something but now they were fully booked, and that there might be a different room the next day if I went down to reception at 9am. All I really wanted was for them to be a little concerned, say sorry and if I couldn't be moved then give us a token for a tea or coffee in the cafe or some goodwill gesture. I don't think that's too much to ask really but they didn't even say sorry. The customer service is just non-existent. They were really unhelpful with other things as well. The vending machine with the internet access keys in it broke on the first day and it took them three days to get it fixed. The room didn't have a kettle so you can't make your own tea or coffee and as my boyfriend got sick this meant I had to keep going downstairs to get hot water for the Lemsip. It also means that if you want a cup of tea in the morning you have to pay for it - I've never realised how handy having tea and coffee in your room is, it just makes you feel at home a bit.I just don't think that this hotel is three star at all and would really not recommend staying here unless you are getting it really cheap. I spent quite a bit and felt really disappointed. It's not even good as a base because the rooms are just so horrible you don't want to be there.If you are concerned about being central also be aware that it takes about ten minutes on the tram to get in to the centre (its not hard but might be important to some people to be central) and if you book through Expedia also be aware that the city tax is not included in the hotel taxes that they say you have paid. I really wouldn't recommend staying here if you expect three star accommodation.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>JNHTalent
<Content>Okay, but not great; overpriced My husband and I stayed here for 11 days in November. It is on the corner of the Oosterpark, with easy access to the tram for travel to other parts of the city. When you enter the lobby it looks nice with an elegant old marble staircase. The desk staff is very helpful and do speak English.  We were given a room on the top floor, number 200 right next to the door entering the hallway. So we heard everyone who came down that hall. It also faced the nightclub, so on friday and saturday nights you could hear the music and people late into the night (1am friday night and 4am saturday night). It was very small with two twin beds pushed together and a small desk and plastic chair under the eves. There was barely room to walk around 1 side and the foot of the beds as they were pushed into the corner of the room. The ceiling sloped down and the window was in the sloping part. For a closet there were 2 narrow grey metal gym lockers. The color scheme was white only. The television was mounted up by the ceiling, at an angle from the bed, so you got a crick in your neck. The bathroom was small with a sink, toilet, and shower only. The grout between the tiles was mildewed. There was nowhere to put your soap etc. in the shower except on the floor. The style of toilet made it rather smelly when you used it.Our heater (old style radiator) wouldn't adjust and didn't seem to be on so we were cold the first couple of days. Then it came on during one night, so maybe the hotel had just turned the heat on?Finally we had enough and asked for a different room. They gave us one on the first floor (would be called the 2nd floor in the US), #107. It was roomier with a double bed you could walk around both sides of, and a wider desk with 2 chairs. It had a large window opening into a courtyard. The bathroom had a separate door for the toilet, and was much less mildewed. The heater worked nicely; in fact we had to turn it off at night. For some reason we didn't get some of the television channels we got in the other room.Although it was in the middle of the hallway, the hallway echoed and when anyone closed a door the whole wall shook. Even though it didn't face the nightclub, we discovered that it was above a meeting room. One night there was a group meeting and there was music and voices late into the night, and tables being moved at 2am. My husband work earplugs and was okay, but I can't sleep with them in.The more expensive rooms were a bit nicer looking, with real closets. The ones we saw were split level with the bed up a very steep staircase. So if you have issues with stairs, especially if you want to go to the bathroom during the night (downstairs), it may not be good.The food was okay in the restaurant although a bit pricey. There was a different menu, slightly cheaper, in the bar. Service in both places was quite slow.We're coming back to Amsterdam in the spring for an event in the same area, so we're going to try the NH Tropen Hotel which is on the other side of the park. It's newer and looks like it may be more comfortable, and costs a bit less.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Lisa_H_25
<Content>Love the Arena We stayed in the Hotel Arena 2 years ago on our trip to Amsterdam and decided to do the same this time round.We loved the Arena because of the building, bar, restaraunt and location. Your slightly on the outskirts but get yourself a bike and enjoy the 5 minute cycle into the centre.We arrived and were given a small twin room on the 2nd floor. I went and asked if we could have a double and they did this without any hesitation.The rooms are 'very' basic and the shower managed to drown the bathroom but other then a tv and good bed what else do you need?  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Jonflick
<Content>Modern Hotel The hotel was really nice, and good location right by the zoo. 5 minute walk to all public transportation and about 15 to 20 minute walk to any of the top tourist places to go. The service was really good and everyone would help you out with where to go in the area.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>prhuk
<Content>Very trendy place and not a bad experience Just spent the weekend in Amsterdam and thought the Arena was a really striking hotel - very trendy, minimalist and a very interesting mix of old and new. They did mix up the booking at the start and put us in a small twin room when we had booked an exec suite, but after an apology we got a large room which was most impressive with its vaulted high ceilings, 2 huge windows overlooking the canal, wood stripped floors and a white sheeted double bed looking very small in the middle of such a huge and bare (but as in 'mininal' not in 'bleak') room. The bathroom was okay but not that impressive. The room however was clean and well maintained, if a bit chilly. The staff seemed very pleasant to me, and the breakfast we only had on one morning was very good (but don't be late it's cleared away in seconds even if you are trying to serve yourself). Whilst the hotel is a long walk from the center of town the tube is only around 5 minutes walk away and the number 9 and 14 tram run from the central station to very near the hotel.In all a pleasant experience and a room and decor to remember!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mrandmrsmLondon
<Content>Overpriced, dirty, and unhelpful staff...need I say more? we stayed here last weekend as part of a group of girls (women) on a hen weekend to amsterdam. from start to finish this was a disappointing experience and anyone who has stayed anywhere remotely nice will find this a shock to the system. a holiday inn or a tulip would have been better... and cleaner!the hotel, despite much e mail correspondence had cancelled our booking, despite us having written confirmation. so we were forced to grovel for our room- how I wish we hadn't ... the hotel is a really interesting building (an ex sanatorium/orphanage I think) with some great marketing, but the rooms were just like they probably were 50 years ago - I've heard of keeping the experience authentic, but really it was laughable to suggest the hotel was 3 star. not one of could see how it was even one. the shower was filthy, with mould and dirt on the floor, the rooms were beyond basic, very cold and there was no room service. the blankets were dirty and you had to pay for any extras at all - hairdryer, tv channels etc. the bar was smoky (of course not their fault - we just so used to non smoking uk now) and expensive. there was no room service food or drink for once we arrived and there was no where to get even a glass of water from (the vending machine - yes - a vending machine in a so called 3 star hotel - was empty of water - not great after many beers). It is a good 20 minute walk into central amsterdam and whilst I understand that drugs are much the norm, there were people dealing openly outside the hotel.when we asked reception (already not impressed with them with their less than welcoming attitude) to book us cabs to our restaurant (jamie oliver fifteen - VERY good - much recommended but book in advance) on Saturday night, after 30 mins in reception , we enquired again and they had 'forgotten'. the main toilets in the bar/reception were dirty and had no loo roll and they clearly think that by draping a few sheets everywhere and turning the lights down, people won't notice how grotty it is. It is a shame, as their 'brand' is funky, and the club adjoining the hotel is meant to be one of the best in amsterdam - we did not go as it was hard core dance on sat night, and queues were long.we were only using the room to kip in after boozy days out, so it didn't matter so much, but i would not recommend this place to anyone - go to a budget chain- at least you''ll get clean sheets and its probably cheaper. Alternatively go to Banks Mansions in the centre of Amsterdam - it is fabulous and well worth the extra money - a boutique hotel with great service and free drinks and nibbles and breakfast (no breakfast included at the Arena).Incidentally - we loved amsterdam , it is fantastic.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>John-frae-Banff
<Content>Very poor value - give it a miss! I booked this for a two night break with my partner. The two nights cost us nearly 拢220, for which we got most of the bad points mentioned in other reviews here: the sloping roof meant the usable space was tiny, noise from the street, uncomfortable noisy beds, smelly toilet and broken furniture. What we didn't get was breakfast, or keys that could reliably get us to our room; most attempts required a journey back to the desk, to get the key reprogrammed. Signage in the hotel is awful, so just finding your room is quite a challenge. The bar is very expensive by comparison with those in other hotels in the city.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>vcp203
<Content>Loved the Arena! The Hotel Arena was ideal for my trip in Amsterdam. I was travelling with one of my girlfriends, and although the hotel's location was a little bit out of the way, the restaurant and bar/club scene was awesome, and the crowd was young and friendly.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	2	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Mylex58
<Content>Mad and bad decision This hotel is housed in a historic building which was once used as an asylum.And although you don't have to be completely mad to stay at the property these days, I came away rather wishing I had chosen somewhere else. On arrival, there were three reception staff; all of whom ignored me - preferring to continue chatting among themselves.On my first night (of three) I decided I would give the restaurant a go, but no-one could be bothered to welcome or serve me - so I got up and went elsewhere.My room was spartan with white-washed walls and worst of all, smelt of drains. I complained to reception who said they would investigate - but nothing came from that. The hotel is also just that bit too far from the city centre.The crucial question is, would I use the hotel again on my next visit to Amsterdam? Answer - no.As I checked out, I made that comment to the woman on reception. Needless to say she didn't seem that bothered!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>PortsmouthNomad
<Content>Never ever again We booked for 6 nights at this so called 3 star hotel.No tea or coffee facilities, the double rooms we booked were not even big enough for 1.The bedding was never changed in the 6 days/nights there.Dont look under the beds, its filthy, dust, left items too.Not just in our room but our relatives room to.I have photos and video that I wil be usiong to recoup some of the cost.If you pay good money, you want a good place to stay, and clean.Not here folks.Want dinner there? dont, you pay a fortune and leave hungry? go figure.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>maface
<Content>Oh dear ................ Oh dear, booked the Hotel Arena without checking out the hotel reviews first - bad move! We paid another 拢40 to book a 'deluxe' double room - if our room was deluxe, I dread to think what the other rooms were like!However, despite immense disappointment on seeing the room, we deciced to try and make the best of it. The room was a decent enough size but very sparsely furnished - a large double bed, two old-looking cafe style plastic seats, a grotty table and an equally grotty coffee table. That was it. But the bed was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was perfectly okay. The maids gave us clean towels every day and the soap, shampoo, etc was replaced most days. Plenty hot water. The room was quiet, we weren't bothered with noise. Didn't eat at the hotel, decided to eat out instead. Tram into Dam Square was a five minute walk to catch the No 9 or 14 tram, so not exactly central as the website (lastminute.com) stated. Rooms are more like what you'd expect if you stayed in a hostel.No coffee or tea facilites - had to ask for the hairdryer. NO ROOM SERVICE!!! Would have paid just about anything for a cuppa.In our minds, hotel doesn't deserve a 3 star rating on the basis of the quality of the rooms. They obviously hadn't had anything done to them for a very long time. The curtains were ripped and filthy.Staff were however informative and friendly.All in all, wouldn't recommend it, as not central and very poor quality of rooms.Had a great time though, despite it!!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AKLondon
<Content>Arena - ToAvoid       changing room lockers  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>matj
<Content>Never again! After booking the hotel at lastminute.com me and a couple of mates were looking forward to a weekend in amsterdam, although the walk was a little to long from the train station we were pleasently surprised the rooms a little basic and cleanish, we found it to be just what we needed . The chef was off so food was limited to a couple of sandwiches and some of the staff a little rude and got shortchanged twice.We ordered a taxi to pick us up early on the last morning so we packed in a hurry as we had been out the night before, However on arrival at manchester i found my new 拢200 shaver had gone (i had never taken it out of bag) missing and 拢80 been taken which was hidden in my bag had disappeared.I know it was my fault for not using the safe, nobody knew how to use them (including the cleaners!) and as we were only staying for 2 nights i thought things would be safe in my bag.We enjoyed our weekend at amsterdam and are hoping to come back but will not be staying at the hotel arena again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	2	2	3	1	1	

<Author>yourmam
<Content>Good Modern Hotel went to the hotel arena after finding it on expedia and looking at reviews on tripadvisor. some negative reviews are a bit harsh as this is a really nice modern hotel.For 拢56 a night, you get a 2 tiered room but unfortunately misses on some basics such as tea and coffee making facilities. Noise did seem to carry a bit too well and it sounded like people were in the lower part of the room when they were actually outside in the corridors!!!Room came with a TV with BBC1 amongst others like MTV, so not bad, some parts of the room did need a clean, but nothing horrific. Overall, the hotel outside the room was excellent, a really modern design to rival any 5-star hotel, excellent and reasonably priced dining area and also has a club on a separate part of the hotel, this is far enough so you cant hear the music!! Recommend hotel arena, reasonably priced, however not spectacular.....  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Aussie_Charlotte
<Content>Hostel Masquerading As A Hotel We stayed in a standard double room which was 2 single beds pushed together. If your room is on the second floor, it is the attic level so your outside wall will be a sloping one. Unfortunately for us we were in a corner room so we had 2 sloping walls.We walked into our room and with one step from the door were the beds - our room was the width of 2 single beds pushed together. The 2 sloping walls meant we could only stand upright near the door. It felt like we were living in a tent. I saw into other rooms along this floor and they were all of a similar size.The bathroom was small with a corner sink the size of the ones found in airplane toilets. My husband found it awkward to shave in. The bathroom was also very mouldy - the bottom layers of tiles had mold growing around them and in all the corners. There was no where to hang the towels - you have to put your towels on the bed and lean out to grab them (no great feat seeing the size of the room).The beds were saggy and my mattress was broken at the foot of the bed. That wasn't the only broken thing - the window was broken and wouldn't close which was Ok as being in the roof meant it got really stuffy during the warm days although pigeons kept coming in to sit on the window sill. There is a small plastic clothes rack that was broken too but we managed to prop it up in the small space. We then had to call down to ask for coathangers - why provide a rack without hangers - so they generously gave us just 2. There was no rubbish bin in the room either.The walls and also the door are extremely thin. We were woken the next morning by what sounded like someone vominting outside our door. I looked out but it was coming from across the hall behind a closed door. I can hear people's conversations behind closed doors when walking along the hallway.The area is only a quick 10 minute metro ride downtown (at least 45 minutes if you tried to walk it) but we found only 2 places to eat and drink in within a 10 minute walk - nothing in the area to do.If you're claustrophobic or don't like hostels, DON'T stay here. This hotel is not hostel -priced however so if you're looking for a hostel, you're better off staying in the hostels that are closer to the city centre which are cheaper. I can't recommend this hotel for anyone.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>simone3076
<Content>Cool location, but.... At the beginning of June, I did a trip with my sister's children ( 13 and 16 years old ) to Amsterdam. I wanted to present them a cool and trendy stay, so I chose the  Arena , because I was there once and liked it very much ( 2 years ago ).But this time, it was really disappointing: we got a triple room that was really not clean. It was an old room and it was quite dirty. When we entered the bathroom, it was even disgusting! Even the teens said that they don`t want to take a shower!The other thing was, that there were several spiders....during our 18 hours-stay, we discovered three of them. When I asked the people at the reception if we may get another room, they said they were completely booked. That was it. No other help, no discount, no complimentary. No support. - Ah,sorry, I forgot: at least, they helped us to kill the spiders.So, I really have to say that it was a disappointing stay. On the one hand, they have this really cool old building, a nice terrace, a cool restaurant, bar and club....but that麓sit.If you like it clean and prefer good service, you shouldn麓t go there. You can enjoy the bar and club also without a room reservation.I  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>AJRLondon
<Content>Room terrible - hotel good - will not return We paid approximately 拢120 per night (no breakfast) over the weekend for a room that was basically hostel standard. Such a disappointment. We had to keep the bathroom door closed permanently because it smelled so bad. The room itself was extremely basic, would have been OK in a hostel, but was very poor quality for a 3 star hotel. Very poor value. We were given a twin, and never allowed to change to a double despite asking every day. The rest of the hotel was pretty cool, including bar and attached nightclub. Service OK. If that's what you're going for, you'd probably enjoy it.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Katariiina
<Content>Birthday Celebration We spent over the long weekend at hotel- we booked rooms before hand appr. 6 month before our trip. Rooms were dirty and small. No real wardrobes and place to keep clothes. A lot young and party people . Breakfast reasonable. BUT in the last morning - pickpocket took one of our ladies handbag - so be carefully there !!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>bluegrace
<Content>Stylish hotel       stairs  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moorHOTELS
<Content>Super place I booked the hotel very late via the internet. My family of 3 kids booked two roms at the hotel basicaly because there ewasn't much left over easter and the reviews on trip advisor were a bit patchy.I couldn't have been more impressed with the place. The reviewer who said that it best suits backpackers is talking out of his back passage. 1) The hotel is in a quiet area not far from the zoo. The area is beautiful and we all enjoyed the walk to and from the city centre. It's a 20 minute walk to Rembant square and all the main bits.2) The hotel is an old orphange and it's absolutely beautiful. the lobby and second lobby is awsome. Full of designer touches. Another reviewer said that the staff were rude. I thought they were great. If you go up to reception and treat behave like an demanding american tourist then you will get a frosty reception. I think that the staff really seem to care about the place and seem to be a close team.3) We were given 2 rooms (my 3 daughters got a small suite comprising of 2 bedrooms. We got a wierd room with a lounge and a staircase up to a double bed. Very starnge but very odd. Yes the rooms are absic but there's a tele and the beds are really comfy.4) The bar and restaurant are SOOOOOOOOOOOO cool. The restaurant is 10 euro starter / 20-25 euro main course area. We didn't eat in there as the bar menu offered many of the dishes and seemed more lively. We had 2 meals in the bar and they were exeptional. Real quality with super service. They do a lunch menu, a lter snack menu (super) and an evening menu.5) I wasn't expecting to pay for parking but the hotel has a 20 euro per day secure car park. I thought it was a bit steep. Costing 100 euros for Monday - Friday Parking. 6) We had a great 4 days in Amsterdam (went over on the north sea ferry). We walked and walked. We didn't feel that the hotel's position out of the main centre was a great problem. It was nice to walk in and burn a few calories!! Try the Amsterdam Dungeon and Anne Frank's house. The Van Hogh museum was a bit poor, I'm not an art buff but a 10 year old could have done half of his paintings. The Rijksmuseum was super. next to the red light area (to be avoided if you have kids!!!!!) is a mini-china town.I would stay at the Arena again. It offers good value and was one of the best hotel experiences I have had (and I've had loads!!!). Definitely not a backpackers pad or a budget hotel. It's a beautiful, clean  trendy hotel. The food and bar is exeptional  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tulipbound
<Content>Needs updating; better suited for backpackers/students My husband and I stayed here for one night in the A section. We had a double room. The room could not have been more basic. Bed, small desk, 2 lockers and small TV mounted on the wall. The bathroom was very small but not unlike other European bathrooms as far as size. What was really disappointing was the condition of the tile in the bathroom. There was black mildew on nearly every inch of the bathroom both in the shower and the walls surrounding the sink and toilet; and it was obvious the towels have never even gotten a touch of fabric softener. I would place the condition of the room on par with a standard motel in the U.S. Our rate was 119 EU and did include breakfast. I suppose for the price, in Amsterdam, we got what we paid for. Personally I recommend spending 20 EU more per night and stay right in the city center at the Hotel Misc, where the service and rooms are considerably better. I showered around 10:30pm and since there was no hair dryer in the room I called down to the front desk. I was told to go down to retrieve it because no on was available to deliver it.Based on the room we had I think this hotel is best suited for college students or backpackers who may be on a budget or those willing to compromise on hotel standards.We did have dinner at the restaurant and definitely recommend it. The food was excellent and the prices very reasonable.As far as location, I would not recommend it for those staying less than 3-4 days in the city because the hotel is located in the east (Oost) although it is immediately adjacent to the eastern edge of the city center.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Wolvo_Stoner
<Content>[--] hotel areana This massive old hotel is a beautiful old building with really nice rooms BUT I stayed here in Feb 2005 and i didnt like it one bit, from the time i walked in to the hotel they took an OBVIOUS disliking to the fact i wasnt wearing a suit and tie. Baseball caps DONT GO DOWN WELL HERE SO DONT WEAR ONE. I checked in after much hassle and confirming and then reconfiming my number and passport they FINALLY allowed me into a room, it was a fantastic room so i thought give the staff the benifit of the doubt and enjoy the surroundings UNTILL, i went down for breakfast. I was acosted by a member of staff who actually asked me if i was staying in the hotel or id just wondered in from the street. I explained yeas i am staying here, but still not satisfyed the woman (who was extremley rude) asked me to provide my roomkey card, that was left upstairs in the room along with my girlfriend. I made a point of going to fetch it to show it to her, and upon presentation was greeted with a huh well ok not even a sorry which i find EXTREMLY rude and bad manners. I then informed the woman she could keep her breakfast which only consited of cheese and ham anyway. I then thought of complaining but then from the reaction of the receptionist when i asked him to call a taxi made me think otherwise. The hotel is a good 20 mins outside of the Old side of Amsterdam and I wouldnt return again if somone PAYED me too. The staff were by far the worst i have ever encountered in any hotel worldwide, but hey i guess they just dont like a young face being able to pay there EXTORTIONATE rates. as the title says [--] hotel arena. dont bother  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>ss81
<Content>wicked! clean, minimal, no fuss - good central location. Stayed there twice now and will go back again.Not the cheapest, but still good value for money.Restaurant fab too.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>c0uncill0r
<Content>could do better! We booked 2 nights in the Hotel Arena through Lastminute.com. First of all the hotel said we were too early and to go and eat in the bar. We came back an hour later to find that the whole system had collapsed and we couldn't be allocated a room until the evening, so we had to leave our luggage in a locker (which we paid for) and come back at 8.Tired, wet and cold we were finally given a key to a room which had much more in common with a prison cell than a hotel room. It was twin room instead of a double and the heating didn't work. We compained and finally got a room with a radiator that worked, but the walls are paper thin and the bathrooms incredibly basic.The communal areas, branding, and cleanliness are impressive, but the rooms leave much to be desired - could do better!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>SeattleJen
<Content>Reminded us of a locker room We stayed here on our way to a wedding. It was recommended by the Dutch groom's family. First I think we would have been less disappointed if the photos on the website were more realistic. The rooms were clean and served their purpose, we were in a standard room, it was small and so was the bathroom, the bathroom reminded us of a locker room (we weren't the only couple in the group to make this assessment). The staff was good by European standards (I haven't found amazing service anywhere in Europe), we had a few little instances but nothing worth noting. It does have a very lively club attached and the concept is great, the buidling was great. I think they are finishing their transformation from a youth hostel. Our friends who got married had an upgraded room and their room was a lot nicer and was really unique. It was easy to get on the public transportation, the stop was right around the corner. Overall I would say it is an ok, not great place to stay. I think it could be really cool if they do some additional renovations.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Aydee
<Content>Avoid the Arena We booked Hotel Arena for a 2-night stay starting on 19/01/07. Despite having email confirmation of a double room, they didn't have one on the night we arrived. We were then offered a twin, which wasn't suitable, then a double, which was freezing, lights didn't work, and a radiator was situated right behind the pillows at the head of the bed. Then they offered us a single (!!) and on the 4th attempt (having spoken at length to the manager) we finally got a double room.The receptionist told us that there had been THREE messed up reservations that evening alone! We were only in Amsterdam for two nights, and wasted most of the first night because of the mess the hotel had made. We went out for dinner to the city centre, and on arrival back in our room discovered a bottle of champagne had been left there for us by the manager. This was a very nice gesture, but it was too late.We'd already decided while out dining that we would stay in the Arena for the first night only, and then go elsewhere. We stayed the next night in the Ibis beside Central Station. We had a lovely clean, comfortable room and no messing with the reservation!We enjoyed Amsterdam and will go back some time, but won't be staying in the Arena. We should have booked the Ibis in the first place!!Angie DavisDublin  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>vaninaHull
<Content>Get it booked !!! Sorry but we have just read some of the reviews about the Hotel Arena in Amsterdam, and a lot of them state the fact that the hotel is not suitable for young couples or people wanting a romantic break. We have just come back fromAmsterdam and we stayed in the Hotel Arena. I just admit we have had a fantastic time int he hotel. the staff were very professional. We had our room upgraded and I can't say how much I miss the beautiful corner bath. Even though the stairs were a little steep, I enjoyed the bed on the mezzanine, found it particularly original and unusual.The hotel is ab fab and we would strongly recommend it, never mind the fact you have to fork out a few euros in taxi fares to travel anywhere in the city ( thats if you are REALLY LAZY !! ).Go on guys, get it booked, its great !!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigchrislucky66
<Content>dont believe the hype had to post this review. booked 3 nights new year 06/07 before reading reviews on this site my girlfriend and i looked for alternative hotel no go.turned up with fear and loathing to be greeted with a smile and a free upgrade on our room.great quirky room awesome bathroom friendly staff no problems.it is out of the way but for gods sake if you cant have a good time time in amsterdam heaven help you.we will return hopefully  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kidk
<Content>Not bad at all! I stayed at the Arena with my sister for two nights in November 07 and it was fine! Don't be put off by the bad reviews here.The staff were very nice (in a Dutch way!). The room was small but clean with comfortable beds, cleans sheets and extra blankets. The bathroom was again small but clean and fuctional. There is a great bar downstairs, free lockers for left luggage, a vending machine with beer for when the bar shuts and a busy club attached. What more could you ask for??It is a bit out of the centre of town but if you are willing to navigate the well run, cheap and efficient Amsterdam public transport sytem this is not a problem. Or get a bike! A taxi from Central Station cost us 15 Euros, from another part of town (not sure where...) only 9 euros.If you want to sit in your hotel room all day and fall into Amsterdam city centre at night don't stay here. If you want to a hotel to use as a base for sleep, storage and breakfast, to see a bit of the city and to bump into a few everyday Dutch people on the tram or in the bike lanes, Arena is a winner!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BelgianInLondon
<Content>What is your problem people, this place is perfectly all right Having read some of the reviews I was really worried. I had booked a suite for a romantic getaway for me and me boyfriend and then came across all these complaints.The website is not misleading at all. It looked like a funky hotel with a lot more going on than just being a hotel. The room looked like it did on the website. Sure it's not a five star hotel but then it does not try to be. This an affordable design hotel and delivers. There is no fridge and no room service. So what? Amsterdam city center with a million cool cafes, bars and restaurants are out there. The staff were clearly not 5* trained so there was a bit of a queu at check in but they were super friendly and helpful when it was your turn. And the place was perfectly clean, communal areas and the room.And we had dinner in the hotel restaurant and it was delicious, the chocolate soufle is to die for.You will like it here if your young, cool and like design.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>roczberry
<Content>good place to stay My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a solid week, and I liked everything about it. Yes, its small, but its european and the staff was helpful and didn't seem snooty to me. The only thing that it could have used were fridges in the rooms. The hotel is right by oosterpark, and we were able to walk around the park, go see the sites, and come back to a clean room with a comfortable bed.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>ironfighter
<Content>fine by us we arrived at the Hotel Arena in early October with some trepidation, having booked the hotel earlier without reading the dreadful reviews posted on this site.We were pleasantly surprised therefore,when we found all staff we encountered polite, pleasant and very helpful, maybe its something to do with the manner in which the guest treats them, which brings about this miraculous change.The beds were clean and comfortable, bedding clean and serviceable, walls, floors, shower room and toilet all appeared clean to our reasonable standards.The buffet breakfast was more than adequate, plenty of choice, constantly replenished and we found no problems there at all.The staff in bar and breakfast area pleasant and competent.As we were on a weekend break we were more concerned with getting out and about and enjoying Amsterdam than sitting in the room studying the quality of the paintwork on the walls or watching tv or running our fingers along surfaces looking for dust,perhaps we are just strange.To recap it was clean, staff were helpful and polite, beds clean and comfortable, food more than adequate and we had a good time!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Riitta
<Content>Don't waste your money on this one! My husband and I stayed in Hotel Arena for three nights and I can honestly say that I've never felt more cheated when travelling abroad. The hotel was quite faraway from the centre and there was nothing design about it! The reception are is cool (the staircase is wonderful) but when we got to our approximately 10 square foot largeroom I wanted to cry. The room was really really small and had no proper windows. The staff at the reception was really rude and didn't care a bit about as customers. The breakfast was ok but you had to pay extra for it. The only positive thing about the place was that is close to the excellent Kit Tropenmuseum which is worth a visit.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>StHR
<Content>Devil's in the detail       268 - bathroom  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	1	4	3	3	

<Author>SS1234
<Content>............ I took a look at this hotel online, Judging by the pictures, it looked like a great place to stay. I got there and the lobby was absolutely gorgeous......but that's where everything ended. The front desk was anything but helpful, I specifically asked for a non-smoking room, and extra blankets for my feet. I got to the room and it was horrid!!!!!!! The room was a smoking room, definitely not what I asked for, the extra blankets, I wouldn't give to a stray dog, How can I keep my feet warm and toasty with these thin, dirty blankets. They even had holes in them....HOLES. Needless to say I stormed down to the front desk and demanded a new blanket for my chilly feet. They just sat there and looked at me, after a bit of repeating myself they finally said okay and I went back to my room.  When I got back there I went to watch some TV (I kept my shoes on the whole time I was off the bed) the floors were dirty, You could tell that the smoke from whatever was smoked in the room had just seeped into floor. I was scared for my feet to touch it. The bed was hard and uninviting, the sheets were course and thin, some again having holes in them. When I actually gained enough bravery to attempt the food, I was rudely greeted by plastic looking eggs, nasty looking and smelling meats, cheese that was just god awful and I didn't even dare touch the milk. I must say, I expected much more form this hotel. I got sub par service and a horrible room. not worth a penny I wouldn't even suggest  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mcaleerb
<Content>Not TOSTAY where to begin .. well , to summarise this place was overpriced and totally lacking in any sense of cusomer service. The room we got (which was the lower end of the hotels scale but still quite pricey ) was tiny and the bathroom even smaller with the shower falling apart , the beds were lumpy , soft and very uncomfortable. The room was also situated under the eaves of the building which meant you easily bumped your head when getting out of the bed or just trying to move around in general , i actually felt clostrophobic it was that small. The cleaning lady never came on our 1st full day even though we requested she call back later as we were not ready to leave the room just yet. I could go on here , but we decided to request an upgrade and were immediately given a taste of the hotels customer service levels .. we were asked why we could'nt have let them know sooner , it really appeared as though we were an inconvenience to them rtaher than paying guests - continuing with customer service , at breakfast i asked for some more milk and got the response 'what for'!even on our arrival we were greeted by a surly 'i'm to cool for school type' came across as quite arrogant and snobby.the room where breakfast was served doubled up as a bar in the evenings and you could tell from the grime and dirt on the chairs , they really were filthy (most were covered with some cloth but those that were'nt just looked dreadful). i really cant see who would want to stay here , maybe some ueber trendy partygoers with lots of disposable cash to waste .. the place did have a nightclub that seemed to be quite well known , but to be honest from what went into it it did'nt give me the impresson of being a proper hardcore clubbers club .. anyway .. to finish off , i normally dont write uup reviews on trip advisor but i really feel obliged to after this stay .. i basically felt cheated and my advise would be simple .. Hotel Arena is NOT a place tostay.p.s. to be fair the coffee there was good , but thats the only reason i rated the place as 'okay with problems' as opposed to terrible.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Dubskin
<Content>still a youth hostel The Arena Hotel was not my personal choice but was booked by my Dutch colleagues. Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor in advance I was a bit suspect about the place and I have to say many reviewers were right.The Arena is a very confused hotel. It does not know what it tries to be: a boutique hotel or a student dormitory. The lobby is very much eccentric boutique style hotel and reminded me of the Belfast Malmaison. That鈥檚 however were the upmarket feel ended abruptly. The staff at check in were disinterested and surly and despite requesting a smoking room gave me a non smoking room. After having to walk all the way back (and the corridors are long) I finally got the room I wanted.The room, a so called large double, was strange indeed. A long and narrow tall room with a small lounge area and an ancient TV with cables all over the place and an upstairs open plan sleeping area. The in room booklet about the hotel made a big thing out of the history of the building: it once was an orphanage and then a youth hostel which, according to the owners, was restored to a stylish hotel. Nothing could be further from the truth. The room had very much a hostel feel to it. Gloss painted walls (easy to wash off), not very clean floors and the worst bit bed linen with holes in them and pure polyester. Overall a very basic outfit. The upstairs 鈥渂edroom鈥?did not feature a TV so any notion of resting on the bed and watching TV was out of the window. No other amenities could be located either: no mini bar (there is a vending machine on the corridors charging very high prices for drinks) or luxurious toiletries or bathrobes. Definitely not a boutique room. Another downside of the room was the fact that you can hear each single neighbour of yours, people walking in the corridors, the guy in the room next door having a shower or the couple above having [--]. Not my idea of a relaxing stay in a hotel.Breakfast is being served in the bar (again not very clean) and was very poor. The scrambled eggs were cold and the selection of cold meats and cheeses very poor. Even as a smoker I thought having the smoking section right next to the buffet is a very odd choice. At night time the bar is quite a happening place and the staff were friendly however the restaurant was another let down. When I tried to get a reservation I was told there was no way, but when my Dutch colleague (who was not staying in the hotel) tried we got a table (plenty of other tables were empty). Just to underline the youth hostel feel a large group of young men were having dinner and were throwing their cutlery and napkins at each other but of course the staff were not bothered by it. Service was very slow and the food was good though nothing special.In summary the hotel is not worth the price it charges. My room was 鈧?150 a night and for that price I expect (and usually get) much more than what the Arena Hotel was offering. I assume the fact that it also has a club and bar means it does not bank on repeat customers. The Arean is still the youth hostel it once was.I would not recommend this to anyone (unless you get a room for 鈧?40).  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>rosiepickle
<Content>beware! Beautiful old building, an 1800s orphanage i believe! Rooms tiny, basic but comfortable. The night club did keep us awake as did the clubbers staggering out....! Nice and quiet location, a 20 mins walk from most attractions. Beware though, check your bill when checking out as we were charged for breakfast we never had! When I questioned this, no apology, just smug smile from the opportunist reception staff. Instead of just refunding the 25euros back on my card, he refunded entire bill 0f 468 euros then charged me again the correct price. The problem being now, ive been charged twice in my bank and still waiting for refund to come through! Clever eh? Would I stay here again? Before check out yes... now this has happened NO WAY!!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>KitKoo
<Content>Don't be had. The photos of this hotel are seriously misleading, until you come to the tiny little thumbnail that shows a tiny, sparse room.The building itself is indeed lovely, as are the bar and the restaurant areas, but this is where any attempt at comfort, much less luxury, ends.We had booked a superior room, and as we had arrived late, we did not have the heart to question the room we were allocated.We happened to snatch a look inside another room on our day of departure, which we discovered was a superior room, but it has to be said, it was only a little bigger and certainly no more luxurious.To call it 'Dutch minimalist design' is fetching it as far as it can be fetched!The standard rooms are basically 2 man dorms, with everything just a bit shabby.There is a good bar and restaurant attached to this hotel, but the prices were not cheap at all.There is also a nightclub on site which seems to be very poular with locals and had a good programme of events through the month.The hotel is situated to the west of the centre of the city, so you can expect to pay about 10 euros in a cab, or to take a 45 minute walk to get where it's all at.We have been to Amsterdam about 35 times or more, and we like to discover all the corners of the place, but I would not recommend this location to first timers.We would not stay here again, despite the very relaxed staff and the leave you to it policy.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thehighplainsdrifter
<Content>Awful service! Stayed at Hotel Arena as part of a stag in July. The website makes the hotel look very nice, but in reality, our rooms, which were apparently upgrades were pretty poor. Two single beds within six inches of each other on a mezzanine reached by a trectherous staircase. The beds were very clean, which was a redeeming feature! The general temperature in the room was over 100f and receptionists response to this issue was a shrug and to answer the phone when I was stood before him. The bar area looks very nice with an outdoor sun terrace with a nice atmosphere. However the service was absolutely shocking! We stayed three nights and visited the bar each morning and evening, and from the first order to the last, the service was the worst I have received. A couple of the bar staff were very nice, friendly and polite, but they couldn't carry the rest who ignored you whether you were the only person sat at the bar or were part of a large group spending lots of money! I won't be back, sadly, as it did hold a lot of promise judging by the photos and reviews on their website!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value for money I stayed in the Hotel Arena at the beginning of April with a party of 13 Ladies (Hen Party!). This hotel more than satisfied our requirements. Some reviews have stated that the arena is shabby and dirty, I can understand where these are coming from with the shabby comments, it is a very large hotel and maybe needs a bit of touching up here and there but the rooms and bathrooms were clean and tidy. The Restaurant looked good, we only used the bar for drinks and food, which was very good on both counts.Some of us had breakfast, not in with our price, which at 9 euros was abit expensive but it had a good selection and was buffet style so we got our monies worth!The building is enormous and very well renovated, there are some great touches that you would not find in more traditional hotels. The reception staff were helpful, and its only a short tram ride from town, ask staff and they will tell you exactly where you need to head for your sights etc.For around 拢50 per night i think this hotel is worth the stay, just for the slightly unconventional suroundings.P.s. the nightclubs ok too, but gets very full.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wanabe_traveler
<Content>DON'T DO IT!!! Hello, I'm just back from a weekend in Amsterdam. Amsterdam itself is a fab place to visit for a weekend away but the Hotel Arena is awful!! I would strongly advise people NOT to do it. It looks very nice from the main hallway and the bar is really nice too with good food but I think they must have ran out of money when it came to the actual hotel. The rooms are tiny and the bathrooms horrible - cold floors, no shower curtain so water goes everywhere and nowhere to hang clothes or towel, we didn't even have a lid on the toilet!! Also, for what ever reason the cleaners in all their wisdom slammed the doors behind then in the mornings when cleaning rooms. It was like staying in student halls of residence which isn't want you want when on a city break.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>B&CMcC
<Content>Below Standard       little staircase  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run down place, worse than most youth hostels       Room with beds  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All style but no substance in Amsterdam If you are thinking of staying in the Hotel Arena, as recommended in the Lonely planet Guidebook, then think again.Firtsly, the hotel's website is lousy. It is too complicated and fails to give the basic information you need, for example how to get to the hotel! The person who took my booking said it was easy to find, which late at night it most definitely was not.The attitude of the staff is smug to say the least! You are left in no doubt that they think their hotel is cool and likewise so are they. The thing is, if you are from a big city like New York or London, the hotel is so not cool. A hotel room with minimum furniture, bare floorboards and a rank odour in my book is called a prison cell. You don't need to commit a crime to experience what life in a cell might be like, just spend a night at the hotel Arena.The restaurant is mediocre, but you would think that the meal you were about to have, was going to be memorable, instead of truly forgettable, given the way the reception staff go out of their way to let you know how busy the place always is.Quite frankly, I can be served by any smug slacker, in any tarted-up grunge hole in London. Why should I get on a plane and then pay over the odds for the same in Amsterdam.Oh, I haven't mentioned that the room doors only close from outside when slammed very hard. So, If you thought you might have a peaceful lay-in, forget it. As everybody and their dog leaves their rooms in the morning, the hotel resounds with forcefully slammed doors.Oh, and by the way, public transport to the hotel, from the centre, stops at 00:30hrs.......er, great!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks for the reviews Stayed at this hotel as a 40th birthday present for my husband. After reading the reviews we were really worried but we had a fantastic time. We arrived late sunday and left early wednesday and although we wish we could have stayed longer we were ready for a rest!! We made our own way by train from the airport and then taxi from Central Station. The rest of our time we travelled on foot, tram or boat...it was SO easy The Hotel is clean with fantastic public areas, the breakfast was varied and plentiful and the staff were cheerful and polite. Our room was only small but we weren't in it for that long. We laughed from the minute we got there to the minute we left, and had our eyes opened by the Red Light District.....you have to go there!!...Thank you to all the people who wrote reviews before but we must have stayed somewhere different to them. We will go back and probably to the same hotel, it had everything we needed (I took my travel kettle, so we had a coffee in the morning before we went to breakfast!) and as for the beautiful women hiding behind their curtains...well they were out when we were there...some were stunning, as said by someone recently what were they talking about  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>midlandstravellers
<Content>It's fine We had a great stay here...we were worried after the reviews but the hotel was clean, friendly and the breakfast was great. The hotel was no more noisy than many other city hotels and it was near to the trams, buses and canal bus. What were people complaining about?  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NettsEngland
<Content>nice and simple I was really wary about staying here after reading some of the other reviews - but really happy i stayed at the Arena. I stayed in a standard room which was cleaned every morning. The staff were helpful and efficent. The only down sides was that the walls are paper thin and in the morning you can hear the cleaners and its about 30 minute walk into town or 10 euros to get into town by taxi which i didnt think was to bad (you can use the trams but we were to lazy!). Would stay here again!x  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Miss_Andrea
<Content>In desperate need of rennovation and efficient staff! I stayed at the Arena hotel for a long weekend. The hotel looks rather nice on the surface however, I was very disappointed once I had gotten inside. The room was in desperate need of a good clean - the floor was dirty and there was a thick layer of dust over everything. The bathroom floor was also filthy and there was no extractor fan which meant you could barely find yourself in the bathroom for steam!!! The reception staff were highly inefficent and on departure, we were quoted 3 different charges for our use of the restaurant and hotel. If I had not spoken up, the receptionist would quite happily have charged me an extra 100 euros due to their inefficiency!The To Drink restaurant was also highly disappointing and a prime candidate for providing it's visitors with food poisioning! I asked for a medium-well done fillet steak which, when on arrival, looked as if it needed cooking to say the least! The steak was actually cold in the middle which of course disgusted me. The dirty and ramshackle hotel surroundings had put me off my food enough and this was now the final straw.Apologies to the Arena for such a derogatory review but I feel you need to buck up your ideas and perhaps issue some staff training if you wish to remain as a 3-star hotel!!!! In my opinion, this is nothing but a dirty youth hostel!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Arena Room was nothing more than a broom cupboard. Bedding was worn and torn in places, window wouldn't shut, and the bathroom door creaked loudly every time it was opened. Lack of hanging space for clothes, and no chest of drawers. Soundproofing is non-existant, so were kept awake all night by two guys in the next room. Be aware than you can hear everything! Bar service was quite slow - the staff spent more time chatting to each other than serving.It could be a lovely hotel, but needs some serious refurbishment.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated, Overpriced I paid 138 euros per night, approximately $165 per night. It is adverstised as a 3 star hotel.The room consisted of 2 twin beds that were old, stained, and with sinking mattresses, a desk with a broken leg and a small end table, cheaply made and with several areas of chipped paint on it. Additionally, the bed linen was cheap, old and torn in areas. It was not changed for the entire 6 days we were there. There was a tiny bathroom, which consisted of a toilet, leaky sink and small shower that was full of mildew.The carpets in the hallways were significantly stained in several areas.This definitely is not a 3 star hotel. The room doesn't even come close to the one that appears on the web site.The night club that is advertised on the web site cost an additional fee.This was a huge dissapointment.This is nothing but a low budget, overrated and overpriced hotel, that resembles the ambience of a hostel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic having read the reviews I would just like to say we had a great stay. Loved our room, staff friendly and accomadating, food beautiful. We're going back next visit to this vibrant city. Sorry to hear all the negative comments though...  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beesty
<Content>Really poor rooms I have to agree with the previous mailers. This hotel is a bit of a shambles. Agreed, the public areas (restaurants/bar/lobby) look wonderful but the rooms are a disgrace. They tend to be duplex (which sounds fab but believe me it aint due to the rickety wood stairs) and are filled with what can only amount to ex office furniture!! Myself and a friend stayed this weekend (23-25th) and could not believe what a scam it is, especially after seeing the rooms wonderfully photographed on their website. The rooms are sparsely furnished, no tea/coffee facilities, not even a kettle!! This review is written in a hope that the management of the arena will take note because if maintained and re-furbed properly, this could be one amazing hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgrace My girlfriend and i who had booked months in advance in order to guarantee a queen bed (which was confirmed) found ourselves in a tiny twin room. Reception was extremely unhelpfull and treated us with distain. It was only after contacting our travel agent in London and wasting a day that they pushed the beds together and made them up as a double. Still not what had been confirmed or we'd paid for. The walls were paper thin and it was extremely noisy, no satellite TV as promised either. i'd liken this accomodation to a trailer park. It's also in the middle of nowhere. Everytime we went to reception there were also a number of other people complaining about their rooms (un made upon arrival, broken furnishings or illigitimate phone calls charged to their account). Don't go near the place or wast your time considering it.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this place! When I got there there was an American guy at the desk getting very Irate, he had seen three rooms, one was a tip the second was small and dark and the Third was already occupied!I thought he must just be a really fussy guy and got my card key for my room and trotted off. Well! the room they had given me was small, dingy and smelt like an old Mop. The curtains wouldn't close properly and were in any case rotting! I turned the shower on and the showerhead spun round on it's stand which could not be fixed AND the water would not drain and started to fill the shower room (all 3 foot square of it.) I'd had enough and went back to the desk, A different person was on the desk by now and seemed not at ALL suprised that I wanted to move, especially when he saw my room number. Bear in mind that I had booked the Superior double in the first place so I was wondering what the ordinary double was like.Next room was directly over the kitchen. They stop serving food at 10:30 but carry on cleaning up, to the sound of Hip-hop played LOUD until 12:30. As I'm staying for a week this will NOT do. Also the sink had no plug and the only way to close the door was to slam it.Room 3 was more like what I wanted, dual level so there was more room and clean and tidy, the sink had no plug and the Safe didn't work but HEY! better than the other two.Perhaps you think that is all? OH NO, the service in the Cafe/Bar was very bad indeed, I waited five minutes at the Bar whilst the barstaff chatted ignoring me and another man who gave up and left. After getting a drink I asked to order food and was told to sit and they would come for my order, 10 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes and no sign of them, so back to the bar and they are back to having a nice little chat.I admit that things got kind of ugly at this point, some might say that been kept awake all night by these malingering, work-shy fools left me in a crimson rage, and they'd probably be right. Anyway, I got a meal ordered and it was delivered promptly in less than five minutes by a lady with a firey challenging look in her eye, of course.... it was the WRONG meal.The Hotel looks nice but is has a noisy club that stays open until 3AM, I might be the odd one out but I got to a Hotel to sleep and a CLUB to party.The place is in need of a refit and new staff, avoid it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Goldie
<Content>Disappointing Stayed at the Arena for 3 nights - July 1 - 4 - and while the idea is fun, the rooms and noise was unbearable. The public spaces are gorgeous - lobby, bar, restaurant - all have a hip vibe. Unfortunately, I cant say the same about the rooms. We moved rooms twice and settled on the 2nd room which was a bad idea. The room was a loft with the beds on the top floor - for which you had to climb a tiny stair case. The room was sparsely decorated and definitely felt like an orphanage. The bathroom was split up - toilet in one room - sink/shower in the other - which made it difficult to get ready. Additionally, the walls are so thin, you can hear absolutely EVERYTHING going on in the rooms around you. On Friday and Saturday night, the club was so loud, it was impossible to sleep. If you are going to want to explore Amsterdam, the location is also inconvenient and all sites must be accessed via the tram and buses. I would not recommend staying here.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunflower09
<Content>Average Three of us stayed here at the weekend. I have to say the bar and reception area are really nice, But we were really let down with our room. The room was clean and very basic which we didn't really mind but the smell from the bathroom was terrible and just seemed to get worse. We couldn't change rooms because the hotel was full. The windows in our room were so high up we couldn't see out them so it felt like a jail cell. Their is also no public transport that goes near the hotel at night so we had to get taxi's. I wouldn't stay here again as it's a bit out of the way and the hotel staff banged down our door at 10.30 for room service even though we were checking out that morning and again at 11.20 to make sure we were leaving which I felt was really rude. Then maybe I'm just unlucky!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>deeval
<Content>easter in amsterdam(brilliant) four of us stayed in the arena hotel in two separate rooms. it is located about a 10 minute tram ride from the city centre, but there plenty of trams. we were well prepare for the layout of the hotel and the web pics are very true. we are all 50's plus so we were a bit apprehensive about the trendy theme of the hotel. we need'nt have worried, the staff were very friendly and the rooms allthough basic are quite comfortable. this was our first visit to amsterdam and we very impressed with the city. the staff at the hotel were good at arranging visits and tours for usi would recommend the arena for value for money hotel.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ToStay is great We arrived in the Arena on Sunday with great expectations of a fun packed four day trip to Amsterdam. On our first night in the hotel we noticed a bad smell in the shower area in our room. We asked to be moved and found the staff to be very friendly and upgraded us to room D-247 for our trouble. Room D-247 is a realy funky room. There is a seated area as you walk in and to the right there is a stair way leading to the bedroom. The bedroom is located in one of the Turrets in the building and the oval shaped room adds real character to yopur stay. We loved the novelty of it all. Yes the hotel is situated a few miles from the centre, but, once you get a hang of the tram numbers and stops it all becomes part of the holiday.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>boutique_chic,Leeds
<Content>Fantastic - basic rooms The bar, the retaurant and the club are fab as are the staff. We had trouble with our booking as did everyone else booking in that day but the staff kept in good spirits and were very apologetic.We had booked a double room but the first room they gave us was a twin - the second room had guests staying in it! whoops and the third was over a busy road. We gave up - they gave us free drinks at the bar and food vouchers so they were forgiven. The rooms are Ikea hostel style and not as lovely as they look on the web. It was really hot when we were there and staying in a twin level room meant you were even hotter. Getting up in the night to go to the toilet was an experience - balancing down an open staircase while half asleep. Would go again - loved the bar and the atmosphere would pay the extra and get a bigger room in future.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gvaguy
<Content>Not bad for the price Got a good price for the place (November 2004) on an online travel site and thought I would check it out, as I appreciate it when a hotel makes a bit of an effort on the design side of things. Overall, I have a mixed view of the Arena-- we found the staff friendly, food in the cafe was good, and the building itself was pretty funky/interesting, although they perhaps carry the 'theme' a bit far (everything is labeled 'to dine', 'to sleep', 'to fill-in-the-blank'). That said, the overall upkeep on the place was pretty shabby, and our floor was very loud with people I assume were somehow associated with the club, scurrying in and out and slamming doors/shouting. If you can get a good price on the place and are up for a sort of 'design hostel' experience, I would recommend this place, although don't expect to be blown away, by any means.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maya4242
<Content>Major disappointment! Thought I'd take the time to share our experience with all of you, since our visit to the Hotel Arena was a real disappointment. The hotel is far from what it looks like on the website, where you would think it's a really hip hotel...Upon our arrival, we were informed that the parking costs around 20 euros day (not mentioned anywhere on the website), and also that the club is actually not managed by the hotel, meaning there are another 20 euros per person to pay for the entrance. Most of the staff was very unfriendly and even rude (waiters at the restaurant told us do it yourself  when we asked them to put our lunch on the room bill, cleaning maids, when asked to be more quiet since they were shouting and slamming doors, told us it's no night). The so-called large room was cold, both in temperature and style: they tried to make the furniture minimalist chic, but it just looks cheap Ikea. The mirror inside the room was broken, the sheets were scratchy and the room was excessively noisy (from the upper floor and also the corridor). There was just a shower, that looked like it hadn't been changed since the hotel was an orphanage or a hostel. To put it in a nutshell, the public areas (reception, bar, restaurant, club) are fooling you, making the hotel look nice and hip, when the rooms are just upscale hostel, but far from what you would expect from a 3*, for 100鈧?a night. I would definitely not advise my friends to visit this hotel. It was so bad that we checked out just after 2 hours in the hotel, which really wasted our weekend in Amsterdam. Other advice: don't take your car to Amsterdam, the parking is too expensive (30鈧?a day) and, cherry on the cake, someone broke into our car!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the Arena in the spring of 2003 and we throughly enjoyed it. It's a hotel with a difference- decorated in a Ikea style which makes it feel very clean and trendy. The building is a former church and you can really feel a sense of history despite the modern decor.We stayed in a twin room which was basic but had storage space for our suitcases, two single beds, a tv and a shower  toilet. It was in the same minimal style as the rest of the hotel but was still quite cosy with a nice skylight looking over their pretty gardens.The staff were friendly and willing to answer any questions you might have. At breakfast the atmosphere is gentle and the buffet provided is of good quality. The club in the hotel is only open on Friday and Saturday nights, and even then you don't have to worry about noise- we didn't hear a thing. The location is not strictly central but I enjoyed the 10 minute walk into the city centre, Amsterdam is one of the best cities in the world to wander around in. Just watch out for those cyclists!Hopefully I will be returning to Amsterdam soon, and when I do I'll definately be staying at the Hotel Arena.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a rip off, trust me! I stayed at the Arena for one night a while back. Their website is cool, the pictures are attractive but they are highly misleading. This is not a funky boutique hotel, it is a substandard two-star property. It looks, sounds, and smells like the cheap youth hostel it once was. The website presentation and the rate charged suggest a cheap chic property with character and style. There is no style here, just a cheap-looking place at 4-star rates. I travel a lot for work and I have stayed in a variety of different hotels. The Arena is not the worst of them but I never felt as ripped off as I did when I stayed there.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impractical We were given a 2-story room here, with the bed at the top of a scary open staircase - not one for the kids! The room was quite impressive when we entered. The bathroom was good.There was nowhere to put our bags. There was a revolving mini-wardrobe (Ikea??) with two hangers. There was no bin. As there was no ashtray, some enterprising previous visitor had used a nice designervase instead. In front of the large TV is a single chair, so we couldn't watch together.By the time our bags and clothes had been sprawled across the floor, it didn't look impressive at all. We checked out early for a real hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly staff and modern hotel. I've been to the hotel twice and the first time was amazing. A fantastic room, great food, great staff, but it is quite expensive to stay for drink in the hotel bar.The second time, the room was not as good as the first time, but the friendly staff and very nice food (Lunch  Dinner very nice, but breakfast a bit boring) made up for it.The hotel it self is very nice and modern and I will return.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine..!!! Have just returned from Amsterdam and stayed at the Arena Hotel. The hotel building itself is beautiful, loved the bar and dining room. The staff were very curteous and obliging, however, the room we were in was fine, maybe needed a fresh lick of paint and more attention to detail oh! and tea and coffee making facilities would be good.The breakfast was very, very good. If the hotel was more central we would probably stay there again. Fell in love with Amsterdam, how pretty it is and the people are friendly. We are going back in January so looking forward to that.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jen1978
<Content>Rip off Stayed here for 3 nights over new year - paid 拢300 for a so called large double room which was tiny. We were travelling light so I called the hotel the day before we arrived, asking if they had hairdryers in ALL the rooms. I was told they did. When we arrived, there was no hairdryer in our room. I went to the reception where I was told they rent them out. I tried to rent one but was told that as it was so busy, they had none left. The male receptionist (who was, incidentally, the only unfriendly person I met in Amsterdam) helpfully suggested I go and buy a hairdryer (it was 7pm on New Year's eve and the hotel is miles from the shops) or else run around in the garden to dry my hair (it was snowing and I have waistlength hair). Added to all this, it was freezing in our room, there was nowhere to drink or eat within a 20minute walk (it was even further to the main centre of town) and the wooden floors may look pretty but noise travels a LOT!Yes, it's a cool hotel and a gorgeous building but it's quite stark and a very long walk from the vibrant centre. We managed to have a good time as it's such a great city but I had a much better time on my next visit when I stayed at The Amstel Botel which is a bit poky and grubby but cheap, friendly and central.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Arena Hotel - A great place to stay   showReview(2266421, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A ramshackle hostel!   showReview(2190899, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ArenA Hostel/Hotel, Trendy, Young, Overall, Pretty Cool   showReview(1746078, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>room average cool place   showReview(1639182, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip but OK   showReview(1544443, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Not for me   showReview(1537523, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fabulous Experience for Any Hip Traveller   showReview(1503274, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't return to the Arena   showReview(1478376, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulieAxis
<Content>Arena is mod and hip   showReview(1419656, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gerhard14
<Content>Wonderfull two-floor rooms   showReview(1138932, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beaMetato
<Content>Spiacevolissimo incidente all'Hotel Arena   showReview(23340223, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hippie25
<Content>Auf den 2. Anlauf ein Traum!   showReview(20224386, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>BilboBilbao
<Content>Me sorprendi贸 gratamente   showReview(20054633, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres bien situ茅   showReview(20552482, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kommen gerne wieder....!!!   showReview(19644705, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etwas abseits   showReview(19644704, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅cu   showReview(19644703, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio!   showReview(19644702, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gabyAnnecy
<Content>tr猫s d茅cevant!!!   showReview(19019442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>posciu
<Content>Molto Cool       Suite  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der zweite Blick ist hier wichtiger als der erste!   showReview(18528733, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aie !   showReview(17436432, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je n'y retournerai pas mauvais   showReview(16600439, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bella vacanza   showReview(16600440, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert:   showReview(16600438, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>viruka
<Content>Un completo enga帽o   showReview(15164878, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(15561516, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FRIOFERA
<Content>M谩s que minimalista resulta cutre   showReview(14962825, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un lieu qui allie modernit茅 et tradition   showReview(14733045, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bidou92
<Content>Peu mieux faire   showReview(13620778, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bel endroit et accueil sympathique   showReview(13976588, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camere minuscole!!   showReview(13976587, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una bella vacanza ..   showReview(13198815, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Antonioja
<Content>Para gente joven       Vista desde nuestra habitaci贸n  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Torner貌 sicuramente anche se il servizio 猫 un po' scarso   showReview(13198812, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aucune faute de go没t   showReview(13198814, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tanto fumo e poco arrosto!!!   showReview(13198811, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄩ儴銇俱亗銇俱亗   showReview(19165572, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lysios
<Content>Y aller = mauvais choix   showReview(8253979, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das 盲ussere Erscheinungsbild ist super   showReview(11434318, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super f眉r Junges Publikum   showReview(11434317, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen Kurzaufenthalt geht's!   showReview(11399860, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ARENA / Amsterdam - na ja...   showReview(11393645, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ivte
<Content>buena decoracion y un chef de primera   showReview(4359022, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

