<Author>artemisiaannua
<Content>Awful hotel This was one of the worst hotels I have ever visited. We arrived at lunchtime in the first week of September only to find that the only restaurant open was by the pool where we were treated to expensive and obviously frozen and poorly re-heated pizzas. The hotel is on the outskirts of Barcelona near a busy main road and there is no choice of other restaurants nearby. The room was dingy and the bed the hardest I have ever sat on - we didn't sleep there as we had checked out by 5pm and went elsewhere. Our bill for lunch and the 拢70.00 cancellation fee was 拢190.00. A complete disgrace.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>nmcdowall
<Content>fantastic arrived at the hotel for our 3 day break slightly before the check in time. The lobby is absolutely beautiful when you enter the hotel. The reception and concierge teams were very helpful. As a special treat we had upgraded to the executive floor (which is well recomended) , we were invited to have a drink in the lobby whilst our own concierge came to meet us. We were given a tour of the hotel and some knowledge of local area and history. We were invited to the executive lounge which is only available for use for people staying on the executive floor. There was a complementory bar serving tea, coffee and most importantly, alcohol. The concierge team dedicated to our floor would not let you lift a finger and always helped with any requests with a smile on their faces. Also in the exec lounge there was fresh food out to sample (or fill your face) which was refreshed every 2-3 hours. There was also a bottle of champagne on table at all times for you to drink free of charge.The hotel room was beautiful, ours had an amazing view of camp nou. The hotel was very pricey but you come to expect this from a hotel which is listed in the worlds leading hotels. The spa which we used one day was excellent and a wonderful way to unwind from what was becoming an extremely busy break. It would of been nice to be able to share the facilities, but it was also nice to get away from the mrs for a couple of hours. The only downside of this break was that las ramblas is a little shadey of a night time, you have to be wary of pick pockets etc. This is not normally within our price budget but the room upgrade is recommended and made this experience a whole lot better. Would love to go back to this hotel again someday.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>341801
<Content>great hotel but go to the garage for drinks/snacks Stayed here for the ISF Conference, the hotel is superb and all staff I came into contact with spoke perfect english. When I made a mess with the in room safe they resolved it for me in under five minutes. Breakfast and the food at the adjoining conference centre was outstanding. My room (930) overlooked the leisure facilities, equestrian centre and Barcelona football ground which is a 10 minute stroll away. What a view! There are a number of restaurants/bars approx. 10 minutes walk down on avenue diagonal, just past the Princess Sofia hotel. The metro is just down the road from the hotel and less than 20 minutes to Ramblas and very easy to use.Yes they do charge like a 5 star hotel because they are one. Go to the garage 100 yards up the road for drinks/snacks as the minibar is very pricey.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>saif_bntheeyazin
<Content>love barcelona first of all, i shall confirm the plus point...1. the hotel room is very clean 2. the area is safe3. the location of the hotel is near the metro (underground) station in addition normal taxis are always in front of the main gate.4.shower and bath is wonderfullnegative point. 1. far away from the city2. no near by resturant or shops ( there is small shop in the near by petrol station) 3.hotel doesnt provide arrival gift such as bottle of water, or chocolate or fruit basket.4. internet is around 20 euro per day5. check in must be after 2pm if u arrive earlier they will not give you the room no matter what.general point hotel located near universities area, nice park near by, end of the street there are many small malls and shops.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Jtq4u
<Content>Nice hotel but in it for the Money I am just coming to the end of a stay at this hotel for the IBM WebSphere Conference. First impressions are that it is an impressive building (with the lobby full building height and the rooms balconied off it and a glass walled lift). The rooms are very nice, with a large bed and sofa, as well as the usual office area for work in the evening. TV was replaced with a trendy LCD one during my stay there. Bathroom is OK (though mine had cracked glass in the door dividing the toilet area from the bath area and a cracked sink, which you wouldn't expect from a 5* hotel.Nice live piano music echo's up the structure to the rooms in the evenings which is nice too.However all this was spoilt for me by the hotels agressive money focus. Even with our conference bulk booking reduction the price was 240E a night (bed and buffet breakfast), which in it's self isn't too bad for a five star hotel, however they seem to have managed to exclude absolutely everything from this. - On arrival I was shocked there was no tea and coffee.. and not even a bottle of water to drink or a biscuit. Had I wanted to pay 5E i could have had a small 250ml bottle of water from the fridge. - Should I want a Twix I could pay 7E yes 7E (1000% mark up). I instead payed 22E for a disgusting raw burger with fries (the fries were good).- My friend couldn't get an iron to iron her shirts because they insist you use their ironing service, which cost more than the shirt.- A film on the tv costs 14E- Swimming is included but on the third day of swimming i was told I must buy a swim hat at 6E which they insisted on cash for and would not put on my room. I hadn't brought cash funnily enough because they won't let guests have a key to a locker without becoming a yearly member of the leisure club. You have to take your clothes and leave them pool side. shameful. - After all this price stress you might like to unwind with a dip in the jaccuzi/hot tub by the pool. But this isn't included you would have to pay another 20E to use this.I am still here at the moment but I sudder in fear at what they will have charged me per toilet flush or for each breath of air.I stay in various 5* hotels but expect at least some of the basics to be included. My company gives us a daily allowance for food etc on top of the room rate. we can't expense everything like some people can.. so this is totally unacceptable.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>crimpsby
<Content>Well placed for Barcelona Congress Hall Stayed at this hotel to attend a conference in the adjoining Palau de Congressos. On arrival we were told our room was on a smoking floor even though it was mentioned that the hotel was aware that we had booked a nonsmoking room. We were informed that the room had not been used for some days and had been sanitised. However on opening the door of the allocated room it was unacceptable. The hotel then found an alternative non smoking room on the Executive Floor for us. The food, cleanliness, and staff were all excellent; if there was a criticism it was that in room tea and coffee making facilities were at an extra charge, not usual for a 5* hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dave1967
<Content>A real 5* experience Our stay at the Juan Carlos was the first leg of a three part holiday. We arrived at 8pm - quick taxi from the airport (about 20 euros) - and had an easy check-in. After unpacking we ventured outside to find a bar/cafe (which had to be suitable for a 5 year old). This was when we encountered our only gripe about the hotel - its location. There was nothing in terms of shops or restaurants in the vicinity. This is probably one of the reasons we got a pretty good deal on the hotel. The situation was partially helped by complimentary welcome cava cocktail, orange juice and a large plate of crisps.Everything about the hotel is 5*. The staff were excellent, the room amazing, even with the additional bed for my daughter and the 2 pools were very relaxing after a hard day's sight seeing. Prices are also 5* - if you are on a bit of a budget there is a petrol station round the corner, on Diagonal, where pastries, fruit juice etc can be bought to allow a quick, cheap and mobile breakfast.The Universtat Metro stop is about 200 metres from the hotel, on Diagonal, so it didn'y take long to get into town. If you don't know Barcelona, the metro is clean, quick, reliable and I found it to be very safe.Another bonus is that the bus touristic has a stop close to the next metro station down the line. Again, this is walkable from the hotel and saved standing in line for yonks in the centre of town waiting to catch a bus - you can buy tickets on the bus. On the last day we walked to Camp Nou, home of Barcelona FC (about 15 minute walk). I thoroughly enjoyed the tour and started to get a real feel for the importance of the club in Catalonia, both socially and politically. I already liked the club - I was further converted.The bonus each night was that the hotel environs were very quiet (being out of town) and the rooms well sound proofed so we all had a good sleep.All in all this was areal 5* experiance for the price of a 3* in the centre of town. It would have been nice to have a coffee making facility in the room and my advice woul dbe to remember taht unless you are especially 'minted' prepare to travel into the town centre to eat.Enjoy  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clement12
<Content>feeling like a king hello. I had a wonderful stay in ray juan carlos. I took my girlfriend in the hotel for 3 days and my stay was very very nice. the room was excellent. the girl at the reception gave us a room with a view of barcelona and the city. the amenities are excellent as well. swimming pool very nice design and the restaurants delicious. you should go there. everything was wonderful. thank you.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trebuchet
<Content>Very grand, if showing its age I stayed at the Rey Juan Carlos as part of a conference package. It's a two minute walk across some pleasant gardens to the conference centre, but a ten minute tube ride into the centre of town. It's certainly a very visually impressive hotel when you go through the main door, the elevators and balconies loom over you as this is an 'atrium' hotel with all the rooms opening out onto balconies that look down on the lobby.Even from the seventh floor it's a pretty vertiginous sight looking down, but not quite as dizzying as the prices for the mini bar, or even for the drinks at the hotel bar. I spoke to one chap that ate a kit kat before he realised it was seven euros, then I paid twenty three euros for three beers at the bar. The hotel was built in time for the 1992 Olympics, and was undoubtedly fantastic at the time. It's showing its age a bit, for example the shower head was a bit wonky and the bath didn't work very well, but those are pretty minor gripes. As I wasn't paying for the room I wouldn't be able to say whether it was good value, but it was certainly well appointed and the staff are very good.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Peroni_Lad
<Content>Impressive Hotel I was attending a conference so the hotel was booked as part of a conference package direct with the conference organisers. A few of my colleagues stayed in other hotels but said the Rey was a superior hotel to theirs.As a conference centre the venue is very good as the food and drink was available when it should have and the service was of a high standard in my opinion. The staff that I spoke with all had a good command of English and I had no problems communicating. The central area on the ground floor has a wonderful view of the hotel high rise room architecture and the ground floor has a buzz about the place when people are scurrying around which I found pleasant. The waiter service was excellent and every time I sat in this area I was asked if I wanted a coffee or other drink which was brought to me quickly and with good manner.Breakfast was impressive and an extensive selection was available. The room I had was bigger than the usual corporate style rooms I have stayed in over the years and was kept spotlessly clean by the maids. Bar prices were pretty high but this was to be expected. The hotel is not really well placed for City tourists and is a way out of town. Best suited for conference people or visiting VIPs looking for an overnight stay and I would not go back for a holiday - to be honest though the price would also be a factor for me personally.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>choup91
<Content>Good for Business The Rey Juan Carlos is a good place to organize Business Event. Just next door you have the PALAU DE CONGRESSO, which give you the opportunity to organize everything : auditorium, exhibition, meetings, cocktails... The hotel itself is ok, rooms a quiet small when you are sharing it with someone, (single room I don't test it)People at the front speak easily English, it's not well placed for Shopping, but just ask for a taxi and you'll be in the town in 10 minutes (depending of traffic jam) If you have the chance, try to go at the ELEFANT night Club (around 20 minutes walking distance from the RJC), it's really nice and well known night club  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>NautiusMaximus
<Content>Good hotel for business, probably best avoided for a holiday I stayed at this hotel for a few days for a conference. I went there with some trepidation having read the less than glowing reviews on this site, but really it wasn't that bad.The hotel is certainly not perfect, but on the whole I felt it deserved its 5 stars. The rooms were comfortable enough, and a good size. The staff were helpful and numerous. The conference facilities were excellent. As conference delegates, using the on-site conference facilities, we were very well looked after. I don't think I once had to queue to get a coffee during coffee breaks. When I had a problem with the AV equipment while I was giving a talk, it took very little time to find one of the tech support guys, who fixed the problem very quickly.So what of the criticisms that other users have made? Well, a couple of people commented on the lack of English language skills of some of the staff. I suspect they have unrealistic expectations. The front desk staff had absolutely fluent English, and while I'm sure not all the staff did, let's face it, the hotel is in Spain. I'll bet the price of a week's stay in this hotel that the average standard of English here is far better than the average standard of Spanish in any hotel in London. If you have language problems here, then frankly you're not even making an effort.One user commented on the lack of storage space in the bedrooms. Those criticisms are partly justified, partly not. It's true that there is no shelf under the sink in the bathroom for one's belongings, but there is almost certainly more room than you need on the surfaces around the sink to put anything you could possibly have brought with you, unless you've gone there with an entire pharmacy. However, there was rather minimal space in the rest of the bedroom in cupboards and drawers. I would have liked a draw or cupboard next to the bed, but there wasn't one. I had just about enough space to put away everything I brought with me, but if you're staying there for a week or more or just have never mastered the art of travelling light, then you may not.The criticism of the design causing the door between the bedroom and the corridor to get in the way of the wardrobes is spot on. It was a complete pain. Literally, in fact, as at one stage I caught my finger between the door to the room and the door to the wardrobe. If I were American, I'd probably sue them for it. Other people have criticised the air conditioning. It was actually just about OK for me, but I did have it turned up to max at the end of April and was certainly not too cold. I suspect it could be a problem if you're there in the summer.One complaint about this hotel, mentioned by other reviewers, which is entirely justified is the price. The room rate itself was actually perfectly reasonable by 5-star standards (although it was a special rate negotiated for our conference, so it may not always be so), but they really screwed you for all the extras. I am probably less price-sensitive than most people when it comes to things like grabbing a bottle of water from hotel mini-bars, but even I took one look at the prices and immediately went for a little walk to try to find somewhere else to buy a bottle of water (head towards the university campus, turn left off the Diagonal at the metro station, and go along the road in front of the big official palace-looking building to get to the shops). I think 鈧? for a small bottle of mineral water is a new record in my experience. Other things were like that too: internet access, room service, drinks in the bar, laundary: you name it, they overcharged for it. Some of my colleagues were particularly annoyed that they wouldn't provide you with an iron, so if you turned up with a crumpled shirt then you had to pay their outrageous laundary prices if you wanted it pressed. If you have a travel iron, make sure you pack it.Anyway, despite all that, I thoroughly enjoyed my time there. The conference was great, and everyone at the hotel seemed to do their best to make sure that it was. The hotel has a lovely garden, which is a great place for relaxing in.However, one other drawback of this hotel, which would be particularly annoying if you are there for fun rather than work, is the location. It is in the middle of nowhere, and if you want to see any of the interesting bits of Barcelona (apart from the Cervantes rose garden, which is more or less just opposite the hotel, and absolutely stunning), then you need to spend the best part of half an hour in a metro or taxi to get there. For that reason, if I go back to Barcelona for a holiday, it is extremely unlikely I'll stay there again. But if you're considering going there for a conference, then go for it!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	1	4	5	5	2	

<Author>paxleh
<Content>Nice Hotel - not particularly sure about the 5*'s - really uncomfortable beds! I was staying at the Juan Carlos for 3 nights and attending a conference in the hotel. The conference was well run and the nibbles provided at coffee time were great. The buffet lunch was delicious and there was plenty of variety from day to day.The rooms were very smart but the beds were extremely hard and I woke up each morning with a sore hip. Despite having a pillow menu (with ~15 choices of pillow) there is not much that can be done about the beds! On returning to the room very late one night the key had stopped working and they weren't terribly quick to sort he problem out - after 30 minutes waiting (a couple checking in were having problems with their reservation and all three of the reception staff were busy discussing that) I was relived to finally be able to access my room!The hotel is extremely well decorated and has lots of amenities and beautiful clean and well maintained gardens but it does lack any personality and the few hundred people at the conference were 'lost' within its grounds very quickly between meetings.Despite the key incident, the staff here was great, although they were more snobbish than the majority of the guests! When I was trying to find somewhere for a quick bite and didn't fancy getting dressed up I was clearly warned that other eating establishments would 'serve chips' and not be fine dining. I was flattered that I looked like the fine dining-type and assured them that I could rough-it with the best of them, but none the less went out with trepidation at what I might end up with! (The alternative restaurants near the university were basic but perfectly acceptable and dinner for 2 was 1/4 the price of the hotel buffet style meal). This hotel is not somewhere I would choose to go back to if I had the choice at the end of the day I didn't feel particularly looked after - but if you need to be near for a conference it is the easy option.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	5	3	2	

<Author>andreaspas
<Content>luxury hotel for pleasure excellent servise, nice spa area, wonderfull view, expencive, 5 min from metro, away from the center,clean  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Cooki
<Content>Good Hotel but with flaws Stayed for 3 nights while attending a convention in the nearby Pallau de Conressos which is some 15-20 minutes taxi ride from Las Ramblas. Few positive things : Professional, helpful staff, luxurious in many aspects, nice big atrium lobby area. Nice fitness centre, recreational facilites like Tennis etc, a nice spa on site. Even a Golf course not too far away. Decent sized room, tastefully decorated. Bathroom nicely equipped. Few negative things now : First of all it can get very expensive! Room service menu items are 30-40 euros per dish, internet costs EUR 40 per day which is not very fast. Shower cubicle nice but mine had a rusty ceiling. Bath tub has a shower but does not have glass/curtain to prevent water from sprinkling on the floor. No ironing board and no LCD/plasma.Mini-bar quite small and inefficient in cooling. No coffee/tea making facility. Mattress a little too hard, small pillows. These are all not there in the standard room, I am sure it is better in the deluxe rooms but overall makes you question the criteria by which this hotel was added as being one of The Leading Hotels of the World. Overall, definitely worth it if you are in Barcelona to attend a convention at the Pallau de Congressos as it is literally 3 minutes walk but avoid otherwise.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vic_Vivant
<Content>Over-rated, Expensive, Bland The Rey Juan is supposedly a 5-star resort , yet over the 3 days in resident for a conference, I found the service, amentieis and certainly the food more like that of a 3-star hotel - all for the price of one of the more expensive 5-star hotels. In fact, the in-room service charges were some of the most outrageous experienced - ever. And, I've been privilaged to stay at some fairly luxurious places. Because the hotel sits in what appears to be more industrial area, once at the hotel you fell imprisioned as there is NOTHING to do or see within walking distance. A 10-15 min taxi or a ride on the underground is required to get within walking distance of the town centre. English was found to be fluent with desk staff, but no so much with the serving staff. While not usually an issue, it did take about an 40 minutes to find someone who could understand that I wanted hot water for my tea, and not cold.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Marge246
<Content>Many amenities but some business and design challenges This review is written from the perspective of a business traveler on a stay of several nights, attending a meeting in the hotel.The five star rating makes sense from the perspective of hotel amenities - high end bathroom, excellent bed, full service, flat screen TV, etc.From an international business perspective, the five stars make a little less sense. The hotel was full of people from all over Europe, the U.S. and the Persian Gulf, but very few staff had enough English to interpret any but the most basic requests. When on vacation, it's my job to know the host hotel's first language. When traveling on business in a luxury business hotel, it's their job to have enough English to accomodate international travelers.This was particularly frustrating when speaking to the hotel operator on the phone - e.g. I asked for an electrical adaptor and the response was what time do you want the wake up call? The concierge and front desk staff had very good English, so there was always a recourse - but it often involved going down to the desk. (The adaptor episode led to a very drawn out adventure where I was certain the housekeeping staffer would start a fire - in her zeal to be helpful, she was attaching several appliances with incompatible voltages together, and I had to use body language and some high school theater background to register my increasing alarm).The staff was universally friendly and eager to please; sincere intention to take care of guests was ever-present. Wireless did not work in my guest room but worked very well in the lobby. Wired internet access in the guest room is 20 Euros - that's 30 bucks for you Americans, and reinforces my irritation that higher-end hotels love nickle and diming us to death.From a design perspective, I give the hotel mixed reviews. Strengths included an easy to navigate hotel footprint, attractive modern design, the incredible mattress - I had no back pain for the entire stay, and others in my group had similar feedback; linens and pillows were abundant and very high quality. Plenty of work and sitting space, tons of closet space.Weaknesses - will someone shoot these designers for me, please? I think half the people who design hotel rooms never actually sleep in one. The odd sweeping diagonal of the entrance to the sleeping room meant that you must have the door to your sleeping area closed in order to fetch your clothes - this caused endless awkward reaches for things in the closet.But the most senseless was the bathroom. Beautiful granite finishes - but the counter space was minimal and piled with signs and amenities - with no shelf space underneath for the guest's actual belongings. This is one of my pet peeves. Where am I supposed to put my medications, hair stuff, lotions, potions? This is all more important to me than whatever soap or shampoo the hotel thinks I need.The shower design was actually dangerous - the tiny shower booth had a flimsy, aluminum-framed glass door which cracked when I pulled it shut. Despite two requests, nobody fixed it - and it could have shattered into the shower stall. But since the shower itself was so small you couldn't extend an arm in any direction, and since the only shelf space for toiltetries was 2 inches by 2 inches, I opted for the luxurious tub with shower attachment instead.The entrance to the toilet (also flimsy frame with glass) was less than 24 inches wide, so you had to be very careful entering it lest you incur a bruise or break the door - and there was also a bidet in there . . . taking up useful space. Re: temperature. The bellman helpfully told me that guests can only adjust the temperature 2 degrees on their own; any other adjustments must be managed by front desk, and the heat was blasting all over the building, even though it was quite temperate. (Our meeting room was exhaustingly overheated most of the time). Four phone calls and I was able to get the heat off in the sleeping room and get it cool enough to sleep in.The hotel has a very nice relaxed restaurant with a fine buffet breakfast that caters to many cultures. It did take a heroic act of intervention to get a cup of coffee and banana to carry away one morning when I was in a hurry. As a business hotel, it's important that guests can accomodate their meeting schedules with the ability to vittle themselves on their own. There is also no sundry shop on site, so tough luck if you forgot any key items.I didn't find the transportation a barrier - a 25 minute cab ride or metro ride downtown got me wherever I needed to go.A couple of other things I appreciated - an oversized hotel safe, big enough for computer, jewelery, money, shoes, a small pet . . . and a remarkably helpful concierge who gave me special advice about maintenance on the metro that saved my one day off to sightsee. All of the staff were quite wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>FClaessen
<Content>Good for conferences, not for a weekend break...       Splendid room  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>KatAmsterdam
<Content>Vertigo central Stayed at the hotel during November for an event. Staff service was not good. Only the reception staff spoke English well, other staff had considerable trouble understanding basic communication. We had an over priced lunch in the main foyer, costing upwards of 20 EUR for a very small sandwich and had to wait 30 mins to pay as there was no staff to be seen, only after going to reception was someone sent so we could pay. Service generally was slow but they did try hard.Rooms were comfortable but I did have a bed that squeaked every time I took a breath. Bathrooms were nicely fitted out though.The free spa is excellent, with steam rooms, aromatherapy steam sessions, sauna's, hydrotherapy pools etc. This is all free if you are staying at the hotel however, if you do not bring your slippers from the room you have to pay 2 EUR for flip flops and if you want to use the indoor pool its 5 EUR to purchase a swimming cap. Note of caution the spa area is separated male/female so be aware once you enter with your partner you will not see them again except in the indoor pool area. I met a lady who was with her husband and they had not realized so she was sitting all alone in the hot tub looking a bit lost. Not the romantic spa weekend away that they had planned.They also have a good fitness area, massage and treatments, salon and a range of classes such as dance and yoga for an extra fee.If you suffer from vertigo (afraid of heights) then ask for a lower level room. There are 4 lifts 2 of which are glass and run the full height of the hotel. Rooms open out onto walkways that look down into the main foyer.The Garden restaurant was very nice, not too expensive and the food was great. A good setting for a romantic dinner.They have some original Gaudi chairs in the foyer and the building looks impressive. It's by no means in the center of Barcelona so you will either need a taxi to get in or walk to the nearest tram or metro.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	3	2	3	

<Author>SB1Epworth
<Content>It's a long walk!! We stayed at the Juan Carlos for 3 nights and at first marvelled at the sight of a very large, imposing hotel. The lobby area is vast and the ceiling extends to the top of the hotel with the rooms surrounding the area creating a vast cavern with spectactular views of the lobby from the glass elevators. The room we had on the 6th floor was very comfortable with views to the rear of the hotel over the David Lloyd tennis club. There are a few things to take into account however: 1. Room facilities - there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room nor can you ask for an iron or ironing board. 2. Everything is chargeable so morning tea or coffee has to be ordered from room service and housekeeping will charge you 7 euros to iron your shirt. 3. Breakfast in the restaurant is about 26 euros each! On the plus side checking in and out was very efficient and speedy and the English speaking concierges are extremely good. Be prepared though - this isn't the hotel for you if you want to step out of the door and into Las Ramblas. Whilst taxis are cheap compared to London and the nearby Metro is cheap and clean everything is a ride away. 15 minutes by Metro to the old town and, depending on traffic, about 25 minutes by taxi. The only thing nearby is the Nou Camp Stadium which is a 15 minute walk and very well worth it!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>brilliantdays
<Content>Great hotel for conferences I stayed at Rey Juan Carlos I for a conference. The service is excellent: Friendly (and lots of) staff. The rooms are very clean, lots of towels, shampoos etc in the bathroom. Lots of hot water which stay the same temperature during your shower. The infosystem on the tv didn't work, but who uses that?Wireless everywhere, and ethernet plug in rooms. A bit slow, and too expensive: 20 Euros a day!! It really should be free on a hotel like this.Amazing lobby. Worth a visit alone.Nice conference rooms with good chairs.Funny that they send a maid to your room at about 18:00 in the afternoon to take of the cover on your bed!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Nodyahead
<Content>Recommended My wife, young daughter and I had a very enjoyable 7 day stay at the Rey Juan carlos. We found all the facilities - pools, spa and gym ''top notch' The room was spacious and very comfortable and the hotel itself has a very impressive atrium.The metro station is just a 5 min walk from the hotel and its takes approx 20 mins to the centre. We found it very relaxing, after sightseeing and walking, to return to the hotel and have a swim and a sauna.Th buffet breakfast was excellent, with a good choice of food. The restaurants offered a good choice of cuisine.The staff were very helpfull and courteous.Only complaint was the bar prices.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GHDFublinIreland
<Content>Stainless steel Hotel! Very much a business corporate stay hotel, not recommended for romantic or family break away. Room service extremely expensive as was the hotel restaurant, bar and cafe......definately 5 star prices! No tea coffee making facilities or fridge in the hotel rooms.....room cleaning service v good. The hotel is near the metro which is 9 stops from the city centre but taxis are very reasonable. However there are no local cafes or shops near the hotel.On a more positive note i would recommend the spa and leisure facilites of this hotel which were excellent but i will not be returning to this hotel as on the whole - no atmosphere, too expensive and location not great  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CJH78
<Content>Great spa, good hotel My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights for my 30th birthday. I have read the reviews complaining about the cost but even in summer you can usually get a reduced rate online and we did. It isn't in town but is a 15 minute taxi or metro away. The spa is excellent, the therapist was brilliant, good pools and a good breakfast buffet and amazing lunch buffet the day we tried it. If you want to be in the heart of the city and haven't been to Barcelona before this might not be the hotel for you but if you'd like a place to relax with easy access to the bars and restaurants and bright lights during the evening then I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pk475
<Content>fantastic spa and great architecture Looking at most of the reviews on this page you would think that the hotel would be terrible, one would assume that the people giving bad reviews probably usually book themsevles into the local Palace as opposed to a good hotel and the quality of RJC is just not up to thier usual standards.I say ignore them and give this place a go, it's great.Being a member of the leading hotels of the world leaders club myself, i have stayed in many of their properties and this one is no different to what i've come to expect.The spa facility is one of the best i've visited, with no end of saunas, solariums and plunge pools, the indoor pool is fantastic and the outdoor pool nice and warm. [On a side line, one of the reviewers below that mentioned that you had to buy pool shoes neglected to mention that they only cost 2 euros, if you didn't think to use the complimentary slippers from your room!!!] Breakfast is great and i can understand the comment below about not too great a selection if you are used to the sunday brunch at the bellagio in las vegas but otherwise it is quite acceptable with every item i could think of to choose from.Yes, i would say that the hotel is a decent way from the centre of barcelona but in any big city you are going to struggle to find a large modern, spacious hotel set in gardens right in the centre. We did all the main attractions using the underground which is located about 200 yards from the hotel and takes you direct to las ramblas in about 15 minutes door to door with no problem at all. Infact it was nice to get out of the town and into a quiet outdoor pool at the end of each day.Finally, i must say that the staff were brilliant and did everything to help us when we needed it and the always did it with a smile on their face.Forget the moaners and give it a try.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ratujuin
<Content>One of the most comfortable Hotels I stayed at the Ray Juan Carlos Hotel in barcelona from the 28th May till June 1st and it was fantastic. The hotel is big and beautiful and so is the rooms. The layout of the room makes it very comfortable and the bathrooms are big too. The only thing that i dont enjoy is the breakfast secelation, very little to choose from. I would recomend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Gaja68
<Content>Not all good We spent 3 days in the hotel for a business meeting. In General the hotel is ok...Until you go to the pool or order lunch. We tried to go to the indoor pool and were refuse access because we did not have pool shoes. This requirement is not displayed anywhere. When you go to the fitness center , where the pool is, the personnal is instructed to refuse the entry if you don't have pool shoes...Then they try to sell you some...The other downside is the outrageous prices for food...Room service, a small BLT with a side salad...35 Euros...Pretty expensive...tip not included...When sharing my disapointment with the staff, well, nothing happened...They will not see me again,Cheers  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>UkGMan
<Content>OK for conventions but not tourists Stayed as part of a convention, and it was fine. Wouldn't bother staying again though - got to be nicer places. Rather souless.Plus points: Bathroom was a decent size and had a seperate shower cubicle. 15 mins from airport.Downsides: The much lauded gardens were tiny ( I asked for directions to be told I was in them!). Beds were very hard. Breakfast ordering a bit hit or miss - what you ask for may appear....eventually, and if you're lucky, might be what you asked for (got one out of three). Wouldn't go for a walk after dark - from my taxi on the main road 200m from hotel I counted 30+ prostitutes doing brisk business. Over all - not bad, just not great.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	2	3	4	

<Author>pjatravel
<Content>Perfect for a Convention, not for casual travellers I've stayed here once a year for the past 5 years. It's a great location for the conference centre next door and it has lovely rooms and a decent bar. However, there are little odd things I've never sorted out: where breakfast? when do the little shops open (if ever)?It's a beautiful hotel, but a bit far from the hustle and bustle of Barcelona. You can get places quickly from here, but tourists shouldn't think of this as a well-located hotel for nightlife and ambience of the rest of Barcelona.All in all, an excellent hotel for business and very comfortable. The staff are accomodating and it's well situated for the conference facilities (including their own).  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Gummidge
<Content>Not Worth The Expense! Stayed at the Rey Juan Carlos in Barcelona in April 2007 for a romantic weekend with my boyfriend and, after initially being really excited about the hotel, we were thoroughly disappointed with the room and the hotel in general.On arrival, the hotel looks fine but is the decore is definately 'souless'. The staff were really friendly and we were given a room on the 10th floor - so had amazing views out towards the city and over the spa area. It would have been even better if our windows had been clean and bird-poo free. The room would have looked fantastic - in the late 80s -but the furniture doesn't look like it's been updated for decades and we were really expecting something a bit more special for the price. We used the spa facilities but had to make it quick seeing as it closed at 7pm. On top of this, the women's and men's facilities were seperate, which is great for those on a hens weekend but not so good for honeymooners and couples on a romantic break. The hotel is located a fair way out of town and while the walk to the metro station is not far, having to get expensive cabs and catch trains everytime you want to get in and out of the city centre can be a total pain. All in all, apart from free entry to the spa and the other recreational facilities, which I'm sure are fantastic in the summer months but are pretty useless when it's raining and cold, the hotel didn't offer much in return for the expense. And no, breakfast wasn't included but could be purchased for an extra 鈧?0 each. Not likely...We had booked in for 2 nights and ended up staying for one after finding a fantastic and cheap hotel right in the middle of the Gothic Quarter. Sorry Hotel Rey Juan Carlos I but we won't be back and advise those who are after something romantically special to steer clear as well. There are plenty of better hotels in Barcelona for half the price with much more character.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Elleor126
<Content>Beautiful hotel with flaws       View from the 9th floor  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	3	2	

<Author>agro
<Content>Worse after 1 year Came back to the Juan Carlos after about a year, having had a positive stay in December 2005. I had to regret to notice several steps back in terms of quality and customer service. The room had the TV half-broken (it was hard to switch it on) the technician spoke little English and was not helpful. The reception was not attentive: my g/f left a shirt in the breakfast room - called the reception and said it was not found. Guyess what? The next day at the breakfast we asked the staff there and they said they found it. Again, we asked the reception if it was possible to have some shirt dry cleaned by the next day - they said it would not be possible because it wasd a weekend. We then calle the housekeeping and they said it was not a problem at all! I wonder why the guys and girils at the reception are so often so sloppy, not only at the Juan Carlos. It was a beautiful weekend in BArcelona, mid September, most guests wanted to use the outdoor swimming pool, but it was not possible because they were cleaning it: can you clean it on a Monday rather than on a weekend please? Last but not least, this hotel is really far from the centre, last year we enjoyed our stay so we didnt bother too much getting a cab, but this year we were really disappointed and we wished we had booked a hotel much cloer to the centre!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>bart
<Content>Holiday stay in Barcelona Pro:- wonderfull lobby-luxury classic rooms with nice views, daily free bothle of water(2)-Very luxery bathroom with seperate shower, daily slippers and a lot of towels(4 per person), toilet produkts of Herm猫s!- breakfast with a la carte hot dishes(eggs,wafles,ect..)-garden (2500m2) with 2 open air pools (heated), you forget you are in a city!!- wonderfull gastronomique restaurant in the garden(nice setting)-very friendly staff-quitte hotel in bussy city, surounding by sportclubs(polo, tennis, football ect)-nice poolbar in the garden-Spa with indoor pool, fittness(350m2), sauna  welness,ect..-near metro (universitat) 300 m- with a summer deal very interesting, even with kids(鈧?209 breakfast included for 2 adult and 1 kid)contra:-breakfast is indoor , no windows-need a more casual restaurant- price of the drinks (but you are in a 5 star) Wonderfull hotel even for holiday in a nice city.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>garyfong1
<Content>LIKE STAYING AT A MARRIOTT IN DENVER This was rated as a five star hotel, and I was recommended by Amex Centurion Travel. When I got there, I was pretty shocked at the location - completely in the middle of a busy commercial district. Walking around the grounds all I could think of was, City of IndustryThe rooms were tourist class. Marble with tub, etc. but nothing special. Everybody outside of the front desk speaks only spanish (including in the spa) so be prepared for that. The airconditioning unit didn't work well, and the room was at 28c nearly the whole stay until the last day when they fixed it.The pool is small and rectangular, with neat recliner chairs in stainless steel submerged in the pool that blow bubbles through it.The spa was highly rated, but it was just average. Getting a massage service was very odd because the music was this crazy imitation disco music from the U.S. so just imagine trying to relax to a spanish version of YMCA playing at moderate volume, with a thick spanish accent.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>karlfryer
<Content>ok Hotel very good spa , public areas ready for refurbishment due end of the year.Bedrooms are dated but also due to be refurbished.Food suited towards Spanish will also please international traveller.Have good deals on the website, but speak to the hotel with the above in mind to negotiate something better.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JofromLondonUK
<Content>Excellent pool and spa facilities.               More photos  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent hotel My wife and I stayed in a standard room for 3 nights and thought the hotel was excellent. It is visually impressive from the outside and stunning on the inside. Our room on the 5th floor was spacious and extremley comfortable and overlooked the hotel pool, the Royal Polo Club (we were actually able to watch games), a mountain and (in the distance) the sea. The bathroom was beautiful with a really good shower and the convenient feature of having the toilet and bidet in a separate compartment behind a discrete sliding door. I was particularly impressed with how quiet the rooms were. I didn't hear a noise from another guest in the 3 nights we were there. The air conditioning system was also very effective.Other reviews are right to say that this is more of a business hotel than leisure or family hotel but a nice hotel is a nice hotel.Our only minor grumbles were that the pool opens at 10am and closes and 8pm and so early morning or late evening swims are not possible and that the pool bar opens at 11am and closes at 7pm and we did feel that the pool staff were trying to rush people away as soon as they could. We didn't use the other health and fitness facilities but I have to say they looked absolutely first class.The other disappointment was the hotel bar. Not only a designated smoking room but shut away in a windowless function room with no atmosphere.We didn't use the restaurants other than for breakfast but the breakfasts were superb and I can't think of anything that I might have wanted which wasn't available.Regarding its location, as other reviewers have noted the hotel is 5 to 10 minutes walk from the nearest Metro (and bus stop and tram stop) and you can be in the centre of Barcelona within 30 minutes of leaving your hotel room. I wouldn't have swapped the quality and tranquility of the hotel for being any closer to the centre of Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kthomas531
<Content>Nice Hotel - Great for the Money!!! This was a really nice hotel. We walked in and the beauty of the lobby made me feel at ease that I had made a good choice. The staff was extraodinarily friendly. They were most accommodating when it came to meeting our family's needs. The location of the hotel was a little far from the city centre; but the metro is only a few minutes walk away. We bought a 70 trip metro pass (was enough for 5 people) for 40 Euros and it lasted us the whole week. We enjoyed the walk each day. My only complaints: 1. The tv channels were mostly in spanish, and 2. The service at the pool was atrocious!!! It would have been better off as do it yourself. We took our children and the hotel doesn't offer much for children (especially with no TV to watch). The hotel has beautiful garden grounds, and probably one of the best exercise facilities I've ever seen in a hotel. They even offer 4 -5 exercise classes each day at no additional costs. For those of you that are bathroom fanactics (as myself); the bathrooms rate a 5 Star!Beware the meals and the drinks at the hotel are really expensive. Make sure you get out for your meals; Barcelona is full of good restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Peter_Gustafsson
<Content>Fantastic service and surroundings We had a fantastic experience at Rey Juan Carlos!It is a little far away from the city centre but since taxi is both cheap and not hard to get, it's not a problem at all, in fact it is nice to be apart from down town. You can still enjoy the nightlife and then after a hard night out rest at the pool the following morning.This is like an oasis with the rest of Barcelona within reach!Peter G  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JTFBrussels
<Content>Wireless is 20 euros a day. The rooms are nice, what you would expect for the rating. My complaints:1. Wireless is 20 per day, where most hotels it is free if you are a guest2. My room faced the garden and they had a corporate party going on until Midnight. Basically, it sounded as if I was wearing headphones the music was so loud. I made a complaint but that went pretty much no where.3. No frequent flyer miles or hotel program accepted.Summary, if you have a symposium, seminar, etc. it is better to spend the same amount on a cool hotel downtown.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bonzoboy2000
<Content>Good--But not the Marriott Having read past reviews, I was questioning my choice. If you stayed at the Marriott in Miami (Brickell) or in DC, the Rey Juan Carlos is not the same caliber. Maybe on par with the Courtyard on F-Street in DC. The staff was very helpful, however. I gave consideration to moving to the Le Meridian down by the action at Las Ramblas, but after inhaling diesel fumes for a couple of hours, I decided that maybe being a little farther away isn't a bad thing. I also took a train to the Princess Hotel, and found it to be very sterile, and would rate it at half the level of the Rey Juan Carlos. The bathroom shower was all marble (or granite), but as small as a shower on a cruise ship; and with a tiny soap dish. I'm only 5'8 and I kept knocking my head on the shower walls. You might feel cramped in the rooms, but this is Europe, not the US. The fees for internet were excessive. If you are on a budget, you might want to be closer to the city, I'd suggest another hotel. However, I had a great surprise with the fireworks outside our window, and my wife enjoyed watching the polo club behind the hotel. If I go back to Barcelona again, I'll probably stay at another hotel closer to the city center. But we felt very safe at this hotel. The Rey Juan Carlos is fairlly distant from the city center, but close to a metro stop that gets you right downtown quickly. We had a blast riding around the city on the metro from the hotel (it's the last stop on the line) The fact that it is on high ground puts it above the city's pollution cloud.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dublin TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dated, overpriced - disappointing I travel around Europe all the time on business - especially in Spain - and so have good experience of 5 star quality. This hotel was lacking to say the least. The rooms are dated - very 80s with yellow, orange and brown furnishings. The lack of restaurants in the hotel is also a real problem - The Garden Restaurant is not open on Sunday and Monday nights and you can only use the hotel buffet restaurant or room service plus there are no good restaurants nearby. The room service was pretty dreadful - zero imagination in the Chicken Supreme dish (grilled chicken and some boiled veggies on the side) and no guidelines to healthy options etc. Price-wise it was too expensive (鈧?20 for a twin room not inc breakfast but it was Formula 1 weekend so that explains it to a point). Best thing about it was the gym - excellent facilities. Personnel were also good - very polite and efficient. In a nutshell, the hotel badly needs to be redesigned and refurbished with a modern menu and more restaurant choices for guests.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fizwah
<Content>5 Star some, 3 Star other I travel a lot, similar to what other people have written, however I don't do much travel in southern Europe (Portugal, Spain, Italy). I had read up on this hotel as the King's Hotel and the 5 Star experience that I should be ready for... ... ... well, I was a bit disappointed. For more than 200 EUR/night I would have expected more than just a huge lobby and cool elevators. The Royal Fitness club, however, was worth it and was spectacular. It was truly amazing, along with the spa inside each of the men's and women's locker rooms. But, beyond that the hotel and its amenities was not much more than a typical 3-4 star hotel in most European capitals. No one on here can claim that the rooms where anything special. The amenities were old and lacking (this may be what the hotel is going for, i.e. the classic-type of look and feel). The hair dryer was a joke, I was told this is how all of them are (it was really hot air that had just slightly more power than a typical heating vent/fan). The bathrooms were also not up to 5 star standard, but in some ways, beautiful. My biggest issue was the lack of satisfactory English. I never felt comfortable enough calling and asking for things. Additonally, the outstanding restaurant The Garden, is not open on Sundays OR Mondays. That I found very odd. Overall the hotel was not bad, however I think there are much better hotels out there for 200-300 EUR per night. For one night, to experience the hotel I might recommend it, but I would never stay there again.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>springs63
<Content>Excellent trip here, family with 2 children Just returned from a great 4 night stay at this hotel. We were 2 adults with 2 children (ages 8 and 12).In summary, the rooms were spacious and immaculate, the fitness centre is very good and the staff and service were excellent.In my opinion value for money was very good. We booked interconnecting rooms, a double for us and twin for the children and I couldn't get this for a similar price at 4 star hotels nearer the city centre, let alone 5 star.Its easy to get to from the airport, 鈧?5 for a taxi and only a 10-15 minute walk from the Nou Camp (we went to a Barca match).Breakfast was included and is a huge, fresh, buffet selection (at least 6 different cereals, wide range of fruit, bread, cakes, pastries, cold meats and cheeses and cooked food too, there were at least 6 choices of fruit juice).The metro stop is only a few minutes walk away and the metro is easy to use, cheap, frequent and safe (we used it up to 9.30pm). It only takes 15 minutes to the city centre. I can't understand complaints about location, this is clear when you book if you look at the website. We would have preferred a central location but compromised because of the hotel's excellent facilities and value and convenience of the metro. It also meant it was a very quiet area in the evenings.Least friendly/helpful people were probably in the fitness centre where they weren't as friendly towards children, but there were 2 pools for the children to use and additonally for adults there is a spa and a fitness room with plenty of equipment).I highly recommend this hotel, book it direct and rates are very good value, facilities are excellent.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mightymail
<Content>Avoid! NOT FOR TOURISTS !!! If you're looking to sight-see in Barcelona, we recommend you avoid this place, absolutely!My new husband and I stayed at the Rey Juan Carlos for the last night of our honeymoon. We spent 3 wonderful weeks all over Spain (see our other glowing reviews for Residencia Australia, Hotel De Las Letras, and the Parador Dos Reis), and returned to Barcelona for our last night, as our flight left from the Barca Airport the next day.We decided to choose a really nice hotel for our last night, not too too far from the airport. It seemed from the TripAdvisor reviews and the description of this hotel that it would be a nice topper on our trip.Unfortunately, we did not have the wonderful evening we were hoping for.Here's the good part: the room and bathroom are very comfortable, and we were on the 8th floor, so we had a beautiful view of the nice pool, the polo training grounds next door, and the sea in the distance.Here's the bad part: we felt like this hotel was trying to gouge us out of as much money as they could, and the hotel is nearby to NOTHING.We ate lunch in the buffet restaurant in the hotel, and it was 34 euros each plus beverages. At over 80 euros for lunch, this ended up being one of our most expensive meals, including our fancy flamenco dinner show in Sevilla, and we didn't even have wine. And, after eating for 3 weeks in Spain, this was one mediocre meal. The prawns were too salty, you could tell the tapas had been sitting out for a while, and the desserts lacked flavor. What was frustrating was the sense that we paid for a luxury hotel, and a luxury meal, but the amount of money we paid didn't equal the quality of the services we received.In addition, they wanted 20 euros in order to use the wireless internet on my laptop (it was free in our hotel in Madrid), they charged me double for postcard stamps, and when we went to seek dinner at the bar they were charging 20 euros (that's $25 U.S. dollars) for a hamburger. And that's not for room service -- that's for food in a dumpy windowless bar. They don't give you a break.We decided to seek dinner elsewhere, and ended up taking the Metro down two stops and happened upon a caseria, the only thing we could find open. (It was called Mussol, we recommend it if you happen to be stuck at the Rey Juan Carlos looking for options.) On the way back, the Metro was closed, so we walked. Along the way we passed a number of prostitutes, including three of them maybe 20 feet away from the entrance to the hotel. And this was just after midnight, not even late by Barcelona standards.This hotel is a Leading Hotel of the World hotel. I disagree. They say you get what you pay for. But here, you have to keep paying and paying. I didn't feel like I was getting very much.When there are so many nice hotels much closer to the center of Barcelona, I can only recommend this place to business-people with wasteful, fat expense accounts.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bogdan
<Content>4* quality with a 5* price tag. Not a Leading Hotel for sure. I selected this hotel for my 4 days trip to Barcelona because it was listed as a Leading Hotel of the World. Pro- close to airport. 15 mins by taxi (15-20 EUR)- great SPA and pool- big roomBad- far from center (20 mins taxi ride for around 15 EUR) or you can take the Metro (Zona Universitaria station is the end of green line so figure it out)- walls are too thin (I could hear the toilet flush from another room while resting on my bed)- breakfast: a big selection of nothing except fruits and juices- used toiletries were not replaced daily- expensive: 16 EUR + VAT for an omeletteIf you're on vacation and you plan to visit the city and do some shopping stay somewhere in the center unless you want to spend time and money moving back and forth (one night I had to wait 45 minutes for a taxi).  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MattBatt
<Content>A bit of a soul less hotel.... Stayed at the Juan Carlos for 3 nights this week based on recommendations from this site. I'd agree with most of the comments. It is primarily a business hotel. To us it was very soul less. Often we were the only ones around in a huge lobby. Also the bar and restaurant have no external windows and feel very enclosed.... The rooms are nice and well appointed but if you're unlucky and have someone noisy next door be warned that the walls are thin - too thin for a 5* I'd say. The maid service was ok but things like shampoo we'd used weren't routinely replaced and we had to ask. Also 1 of the 2 pools and the pool bar were shut as it's out of season (not noted on their website anywhere)... This despite the fact on Sunday there were no free sun beds at the small pool that was open and it was mid 20s outside. The prices for food and drink are also a total rip off - even for a 5 star. 20 euros for a sandwich!! The set menu in the Polo restaurant is also 35 euros (not incl drink). That all said, this is still a very nice hotel. The location to us was no problem. The metro is a short stroll and we found it efficient and cheap. To get to the centre it's all on the same metro line in about 20mins. Also football fans, the hotel is only 10-15mins away from the Camp Nou and the stadium tour was an hour well spent. There are also plenty of other sporting facilities in this area of town... and it was only 15mins from the airport in a cab (15 euros). Personally I reckon you can find somewhere better to stay for the price. This hotel shouldn't be rated in the top 5 in Barca on this site and on our evidence but if you are already booked in don't be too put off - and take your own food and drink or a good guide book!! Barca is an excellent city for a short break and we had 3 days fab weather. Hope the info above is of some help!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dmhunt
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the hotel in March 2006, and it is a nice hotel - a little far away from everything. The metro stop was only about a 5 minute walk, but we have two small children making the trek downtown more than once a day was to much work.We ended up eating in the hotel (not great for children - 17 euros for a hamburger or chicken strips). We tried to go out twice for dinner and after a 1/2 hour cab ride to a 'casual' restruant that the hotel recommended we walked into a linen table cloth resturant - a bit to fancy for a 1 year old and a 4 year old. Breakfast buffet was excellent and included in our rate.I was really excited that the kids would be able to swim - two pools. The one outside would have been fine had it not be 55 degrees and the wind blowing - the one inside - we could only use if we had swimming caps - of course we didn't have them so they offered to sell us some for 9 euro each.The room was nice and spacious, we had a corner room, definitely extra room traveling with the kids, just ask when you make the reservation - I got a better rate on their website than anywhere else.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Splendid Hotel I just came back from a weekend stay at Hotel Rey Juan in Barcelona and everything went smooth and fantastic. I will definetely come back.The service was great and the rooms very comfortable. It was 20 minutes ago to the city center(some people can consider it an issue)  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ops
<Content>Not that suitable for tourists! I was in Barcelona for a holiday recently, and was supposed to stay there for three nights but left after one. It wasn't that the hotel was that bad, it was just not suitable but if I was on business, it would be great.PROS:Beautiful lobby;Very knowledgeable and friendly staff, impeccible English;Beautiful views;Big swimming pool (and gym, though I did not use it);Beautifully furnished bathrooms;Good choice of food in breakfast buffet.CONS:Even though I had email confirmation I arrived to find I was down for two nights instead of three;I specifically requested a non-smoking room and this was confirmed, but when I arrived, no more were available;I chose the bed and breakfast option but was told on arrival breakfast wasn't included. Even though I complained to reception, who spoke to their manager, they would not budge;My sister's bed had hair all over it, as if someone had cut their hair on it;My bed was extremely uncomfortable and creaked all night, keeping me awake;The hotel is miles from the centre, and there aren't any decent restaurants within walking distance.They were fine with me checking out early, and did not ask for any reason.I have stayed in better four star hotels and their standard rooms (which I had) are definitely not five-star standard.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy stay in Barca Enjoyed a long weekend here. As advertised it is a ways out from the center, but rooms are very nice and staff are helpful. If staying on a weekend it pays to have the concierge to book a taxi for evening travel as taxis can be thin on the ground, on weekdays use the metro. European hotel used mainly by Europeans, would recommend. Great Pool!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Soulless hulk   showReview(4033070, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MatthewRob
<Content>Great hotel, but too far out   showReview(4028419, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NSHP
<Content>Peace and quiet in a hectic city   showReview(3947391, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ra
<Content>Tropical Resort in the City   showReview(3761842, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel!   showReview(3721137, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Appauling service not worthy of 5 star   showReview(3484828, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Siddh
<Content>Poor value for money   showReview(3433690, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel let down by service   showReview(3169253, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ErikdR
<Content>Optimal conference hotel   showReview(2908264, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smanth
<Content>Hotel lovely, service average   showReview(2330555, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vinceriva
<Content>un bellissimo albergo   showReview(23082172, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tphitoussi
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel business   showReview(21403013, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jbin
<Content>Habitaciones horrorosas   showReview(19594302, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	1	2	3	2	2	

<Author>venusiennegp
<Content>Un h么tel o霉 on irait tous les we   showReview(19242038, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zu teuer.nebenkosten einfach zu   showReview(19646441, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La creme des cremes   showReview(19646440, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>resort   showReview(19646439, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour court - 3 nuits   showReview(19646442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne l'ann茅e prochaine   showReview(18534812, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈汇儸銉栨皸鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19171695, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joanpego
<Content>Bastante Bueno   showReview(15847285, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel sympa   showReview(15581566, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Au calme   showReview(13977636, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superhotel,Wellnessberich Top, architektonisch Phantastisch   showReview(13977635, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Essen und die Esszeiten waren sehr schlecht   showReview(13977634, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Adresse in Barcelona   showReview(13202710, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une bonne surprise   showReview(13202709, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel, aber dann doch weit vom Schuss !!!!!!!!!   showReview(11313267, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(11666900, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(11666899, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pibl0
<Content>Hotel acorde a las expectativas   showReview(8692398, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u..   showReview(11451642, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>JE NE LE CONSEILLE PAS   showReview(11433261, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zu teuer   showReview(11433260, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>doriano
<Content>un hotel avec des 茅quipement hors norme   showReview(6899408, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel zum zweiten Mal genutzt   showReview(11366349, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>valence44
<Content>tres bon sejour   showReview(5734416, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un petit bijou   showReview(11333720, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un superbe hotel avec une superbe piscine   showReview(11342678, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11342677, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>exellentes facilit茅s sportives   showReview(11342676, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>vacanza eccezionale!!!torner貌 prestissimo!   showReview(11332769, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luiszuazu
<Content>gran hotel   showReview(4984209, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉悕銇偣銉氥偆銉冲浗...   showReview(19926031, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈汇儹銉娿仹銇偄銉笺儎...   showReview(19923626, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

