<Author>hapitripper
<Content>Good Value We stayed here for 5 nights. The hotel is an easy walk (5-10 min) to the zocalo, Templo Mayor, Palacio National and the Catedral. There are several stores, 7-elevens and banks surrounding the area but you wont find new stores as this is the historic part of Mexico city.Rooms are without aircon (ceiling fan), basic but clean and the shower has good water pressure. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel that is open from 7am to 11 pm. Breakfast is included (US$ 70.50 per night) a la carte style with a good selection of Mexican breakfast.The only complain is that there were a couple of nights that we couldn't sleep because of the music (very loud) from the nearby pub (or youth hostel) .We had to shut the window down to muffle the sound but it became warm inside the room. The other nights we were probably so tired that we slept thru it. So if you are a light sleeper, you might want to find another hotel but if you're not, then it is good value for the location and rooms.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Teramo48
<Content>What a find!       213 Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LongBeachJake
<Content>Great Location, Great Value Great location right behind the Cathedral. Friendly staff. Large rooms, and the restaurant serves AWESOME chocolate flan!!A couple drawbacks are that there is no A/C and the beds are very firm, but then i guess if you like firm beds that wont be a problem. I've made this my preferred hotel for trips to MXC!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>imaflamingo
<Content>The Best I can't praise this hotel enough. My experience was wonderful in every way.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ncsalsero
<Content>Good value, great location. My friends and I stayed at the Hotel Catedral for four nights in October 2008. The hotel is nice and clean. Beds were firmer than I prefer, but typical for Mexico. 95% of the front desk staff were very friendly and there was nearly always someone there who spoke English. The Hotel Catedral was within easy walking distance of all of the Centro Historico sites: Palacio Nacional, Catedral Municipal, Palacio de Bellas Artes, Zocalo, Temple Mayor, etc. The Cathedral and National Palace were visible from my room. The rooftop gardens were great for watching sunrises and just getting away from the street noise.We had breakfast and lunch at the hotel a couple of times and all of the meals were very good. The service was also fine at the hotel restaurant.Hotel staff were good about calling cabs when we needed them, but we found that the cab drivers generally charged more than the hotel staff quoted.The only negative was our check in. We arrived at the hotel at 11 pm, many hours later than expected after flight delays in the U.S. Their was only one attendant at the front desk that night and he seemed preoccupied with talking with someone on the phone. He may have been taking reservations, but it was hard to tell. He spoke English (and I speak some spanish) but he made no effort to indicate that he would be right with us. Anyway, it took about 40 minutes to actually get the keys to our rooms. Also, he tried to put us in rooms different from what we reserved. He wouldn't consider changing our rooms until we showed him a print out of our reservation. Again, all the other front desk staff, bellmen, etc. were very nice, friendly and professional.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	-1	3	

<Author>TodW
<Content>A Confirmed Booking means Nothing at this Hotel I booked through the hotel website. I was warned by the earlier review of trouble if arriving late, so explained in the text I would be there around 01.00 and not to give my room away. But no luck, the hotel was full. I had a printout so could disprove the claim the booking was for the next night. Of course they were very nice, booked me into the Hotel Canada a few blocks away and a bellboy led me and my case through the deserted streets to the other hotel. So probably a good hotel, but don't bother if you are arriving late. (The Hotel Canada had nice people, adequate accommodation and somewhat lower price)  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilsun
<Content>Amazing value Booked the hotel after reading the reviews  was not disappointed. Hotel Catedral is well situated a 5 minute walk from the Zocalo square is also known as the Plaza de la Constitution, located in the Centro Historico district, the room was very clean, quite big, bed very comfortable  the staff very very helpful. There is no safe or mini-bar in the room but for $60 a night the value is fantastic.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Yonguk_traveller
<Content>Got to Love the Catedral As usual, Tripadvisor did us proud.We wanted a good value, clean hotel in the centre of the historical area that was safe, friendly and convenient, and this place was spot on.I don't need to add much to the previous reviews other than to say we had no problems at all, and would strongly recommend the breakfasts provided by the adjacent restaurant - delicious and great value. The only downside was a concert that was going on nearby one night that kept us awake, however we could hardly blame the hotel for that.Highly recommended.As an aside, I don't recommend the Teotihuacan tour, as it spends too much time stopping off at the usual touristy shops and restaurants. A private driver or local buses would probably do it more justice, you'd have more time and enjoy the place more.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AJSTrinidadandTobago
<Content>Very disappointed with Hotel Catedral My family recently visited Mexico City, luckily our experience at Hotel Catedral did not spoil the great experience of Mexico. Based on Trip Advisor's recommendation, we booked Hotel Catedral and confirmed these bookings. However when we arrived at 2.30 am, we were told that the bookings were cancelled because we were an hour late. We were horrified, as far as we are aware, international standards are that reservations are 24 hour, 12noon, from one day to 12 noon the next day. We had to go to another hotel at that hour and pay another taxi. It was very poor service. While the hotel we went to was a lower rating, Hotel El Salvador, the staff was very nice and helpful. So we would not recommend Hotel Catedral to anyone. Certainly don't trust their e-mails confirming bookings.J. D Trinidad  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belugasweet
<Content>Amazing       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sexon
<Content>great value we spent one night at the catedral after a horrible night in accommodation around the corner. the catedral was friendly, comfortable and quiet. terrific value for money. the restaurant out the front is great too.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lucky1BC
<Content>No complaints!       view from rooftop  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Jon_N_Amy
<Content>Fantastic bargain in exiciting Mexico City My second stay at the Hotel Catedral was no disappointment. Staff are friendly and helpful. The free breakfast is great (try the Oaxacan tamales!). The room was comfortable and clean, the bed and pillows great, and we even had a view of the street below. The location is great. It's close to the Zocalo and Templo Mayor and within walking distance of the Palacio de Bella Artes, Parque Alameda, and so many other sites but not on a busy and noisy street. We loved our stay at the Hotel Catedral and plan to stay there again. Don't be afraid to visit Mexico City. Just let the friendly people at Hotel Catedral take care of you, and you will do just fine.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrancescaAustralia
<Content>excellent stay I spent 5 days at Hotel Catedral in April 2008, following very positive reviews in Trip Advisor. My expectations were met and more. From the moment I walked into the hotel, tired after dragging 3 pieces of luggage about 1 km, I knew I had made the right choice. The receptionist was very welcoming and organised a wonderful tequila concotion, which lifted my spirits enormously. I then proceded to my 6th floor room with a balcony and a wondeful view of the mountains and rooftops. The room was very large, very clean with a large spotless bathroom. Everything worked perfectly, even the toilet, which is unusual in Mexican hotels. The day started with a wonderful breakfast (plenty of choices available and very filling), included in the incredibly low price of about 500 pesos, which was truly a bargain considering the location. Right behind the catedral and the Zocalo, next to the main acheological site in the city and a host of other very interesting places. I shopped in the miryads of little jewellery and perfume shops in the area. Everything you could possibly want is within walking distance of the hotel, including several metro stops, internet cafes, camera shops, shoeshine, restaurants and bakeries........ I was just so sad to leave, I could have happily spent several weeks there. One note of caution: there is a building site next door which I guess can be noisy, so check and ask for a room with a balcony for great views. The hotel also has a tourist desk which can help with day tours etc. I will be back if it is the last thing I do, and to check the rooftop terrace with more views of the city - so busy I forgot. As an older woman on my own I felt incredibly safe in the area and it was great to be within walking distance from everything.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ZeroTX
<Content>Hotel Catedral, great location, good price, good service.       The view from our room, facing the back of the cathedral...  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rrakoczy
<Content>As good as the reviews. There isn't much to say that hasn't already been said. This hotel deserves to be in the top 10. A great hotel for the price, in the best location you could ask for in Mexico City.I booked this hotel directly through the hotel's website and still got a price of $40. At first I wasn't expecting much for that price but the room I got, while not the most modern or renovated room, was a great place to sleep. I would compare them with the rooms you would get in a really nice Motel 6. But for $40, who's complaining. And the bathrooms were much nicer than a Motel 6. It even had the BEST shower in a hotel I have ever had. And that is saying something.There is no other place I think I will ever stay in Mexico City if I have my choice.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonTraveller1978
<Content>Great budget choice Hotel Catedral, Mexico CityAugust 2007. We were very pleased 鈥?it is an excellent budget optiMy girlfriend and I stayed at Hotel Catedral for a week at the end of on in a prime location near the Zocalo and the main tourist sites. Our room did not have a fridge, which was a pain, and the view could hardly have been worse 鈥?the back of some disused building and a car park, but for the price we could not complain. We did not ask to change rooms so I do not know whether an upgrade would have been readily available. The rooms on the top floors might have better views judging from the views from the roof terraces, which are open to all. The bathroom was clean and decent, with a large shower/wet room.The hotel restaurant was as good a place as any in the vicinity for breakfast 鈥?I had the hot cakes (ie US-style pancakes a few times and can鈥檛 complain). Lots of the more traditional Mexican breakfasts (using chilli sauces for example) were not what I was looking for at that time of day, but the hotel鈥檚 range was wide enough to cope. Caf茅 Popular nearby is also fairly decent, with better pastries but the coffee and hot chocolate always came loaded with cinnamon or something similar and wasn鈥檛 to my taste.There was free wi-fi throughout the hotel.If you use Lonely Planet Mexico, like we did, you might find it difficult to locate two restaurants which are supposed to be among the five best in the whole country 鈥?for some reason LP features them in its 鈥榖est of mexico鈥?section at the front of the book but they do not appear in the detailed listings for Mexico City. So no addresses or telephone numbers are provided. Luckily we had some time on our hands and managed to track them down 鈥?they are well worth a visit.In general, the food in Mexico City was nothing to write home about, and even these restaurants would not be regarded as special in the US or the UK, but El Tajin in Coyoac谩n was a very pleasant setting and decent food and Aguila y Sol in Polanco was excellent food and drink in a smart dining room. And compared to the price of the best restaurants in the UK/US, these really are bargains.El Tajin 鈥?Centro Cultural Veracruzano, Miguel Angel de Quevedo 687, Mexico City, Mexico. Miguel Angel de Quevedo is a long main road, and El Tajin is easy to miss 鈥?it is inside an arts centre. Although El Tajin is in Coyoac谩n, it is a long, long way from that metro station, albeit that the (long) walk into the main part of Coyoac谩n and then south through small residential streets is extremely pleasant. Getting a taxi might be a good option. Another option is to bypass Coyoac谩n. Miguel Angel de Quevedo has its own metro stop 鈥?go past Coyoac谩n and Viveros and then you will just have a longish (but not pretty) walk along the main road.Aquila y Sol 鈥?Emilio Castelar 229, Polanco, 11560 Mexico, DF. It has recently moved to this address, so some sources might give its old address on Moliere (which is just around the corner).  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>komalo
<Content>Good location and standard Me and my wife we stayed at Hotel Catedral 4 night during our trip in Mexico. It was our first hotel in Mexico (after 12 hours flight from Europe). I've red some reviews before, and booked this directly via email. We had double room for 660 peso including breakfast. At check-in I asked for quiet room - and I got this. The breakfast is very good but you don't have to pay in advance. It is even better to pay separately, because you can save a few dollars and have more choices.The hotel is located in the city center, just behind the Zocalo and Cathedral. There are many shops around (even second-hand bookshops on the same street) and some restaurants too. From airport we drove by taxi (127 peso, around 0,5 hour). It is pretty close to Metro stations (Zocalo or Allende) - for just 2 peso you can travel acroos whole Ciudad de Mexico.We were satisfied with this hotel and can recommend to other guests.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lgracek
<Content>Love Catedral I have stayed at the Hotel Catedral several times and I love it. Its central location, affordability, and friendly staff make this an excellent choice in Mexico City. Plus, it has wireless internet. The rooms are a little outdated, but they are clean. Plenty of hot water in the showers, too. The only downside is that on Sundays the Cathedral's bells ring early and loudly. Otherwise, the hotel is wonderful!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Maggie10800
<Content>Could have Stayed Here our Whole Trip Hotel Catedral surpassed our expectations. We booked here based on TA reviews as well as Frommer's. The hotel is attractive and the rooms were nicer than I thought they would be. The spigot of purified water in each bath is a big plus. The staff is excellent and they offer a security box for guests behind the front desk. Their rate of exchange for dollars to pesoes was better than the airport's. The restaurant food was good but not great but it is a nice dining room and very convenient. There is a ceiling fan in each room and a tv with CNN in English. There is no clock, though, which we found to be true in the hotels we stayed in Mexico. Have a watch unless you have international service on your cell or keep your phone charged to get the time. I would have liked more pillows and more and thicker towels and also bedside lamps. The lights are recessed cans over the bed and both operate on the same switch so it is hard if one person wants to read while the other sleeps. Construction is still going on next door but we were only bothered a little bit our first night. The location, price and value were terrific..  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Xonid1
<Content>Loved it!       Hotel Catedral with green awning.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ravennarose96
<Content>One more "Ole" for Catedral My wife and I just got back from a 4 night stay in Hotel Catedral. Both it and Mexico City make for a perfect getaway. We had a decent-sized and spotless double room for what worked out to be about $51 US per night. (We paid in cash, and the peso is a little stronger lately.) Bathroom clean and modern with plenty of hot water and water pressure. Staff friendly and efficient, and the restaurant very good, though we only ate breakfast there each day. We booked the tour to Teotihuacan at the lobby tour desk, which took less than a minute and cost $25 apiece. I think other reviwers had issues with this, but we thought it was flawless with a mature and intelligent guide taking us around a unique and fascinating site.Mexico City itself was a pleasant surprise. Every street we wandered around Centro and Coyoacan was litter free, and we felt safe any moment of the day or night, possibly attributable to the police presence wherever we turned. The citizens were polite, and, as with everywhere we've been in Mexico, the children remarkably well-behaved. Also, I can't think of a reason in the world to take a taxi except for to/from airport (about $12 US) because the metro is so extensive, clean, fast and absurdly cheap. Finally, we won't recommend specific restaurants because tastes differ, but we found it impossible to get a bad meal even from the humblest cantina or one that could be considered pricey when we went upscale.The only reason we don't give the hotel 5 stars is because, well, it's just not a 5 star hotel. But we travel a lot, and we're hard-pressed to think of another stopover that gives the same value for money.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>priscilla
<Content>Good location and value On our way home from a two month stay in Buenos Aires we spent a week in Mexico City. We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Catedral. It was a nice hotel and very close to the 'action'. It was also a great value. The city was interesting, but it just so happened we were there during 'Holy week' and it was an absolute 'MOB SCENE'!! The sidewalks were so crowded, walking was a challenge. We were also very disappointed since we were unable to see some of the local attractions because the lines to get in were blocks and hours long.We had made reservations about 6 months before our trip and then reconfirmed them a few days before we left Buenos Aires. When we arrived at the hotel they had no reservation for us!! That was not good news since we had just gotten off a plane after a 9+ hour flight. They did put is in an upgraded room for one night and the next morning we moved to a regular double room. It was a bit of a hassle, but at least we had a place to sleep. We chose to do the breakfast package (about an extra $115 pesos for two) and we had a nice selection of breakfast items. We later realized after we studied the menu that it really cost more than if we had just ordered off the regular menu so beware! We could have had a few more choices and and saved a few dollars too.In one of the previous reviews someone had mentioned the construction next door. That was a problem for us too and we had to change rooms because the workmen where outside almost all night long. Just make sure you ask for a room far from the construction noise.The hotel is all non-smoking which is a big plus! The lovely rooftop terraces were nice, but that is where smoking is allowed. Be prepared to have your nice view sullied by cigarette smoke. It would be nice if one of the terraces would also be non-smoking.Overall the Hotel Catedral is a great value and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good location and value.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Jerry_Bank
<Content>Wonderful place Geat location. Great staff. Terrific room, on seventh floor, right next to the terrace facing the cathedral.I can't praise this place enough. The only minor complaint was the pathetically low water pressure in the shower. Be sure to book in advance. By the way, they give a 10% dicount for cash.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GaylePDublin
<Content>Good location Stayed here for four nights in mid December 2007 with my husband as part of a three month trip around the world. We had booked the hotel solely based on its rating and the reviews on this website. Firstly, the hotel is excellent value for money. We had a bed and breakfast deal and found the inclusion of breakfast a great bonus. We had a huge choice from the menu and the food was plentiful and excellent. It was also served until 11am which was great. The hotel is in a central location right behind the Zucolo. The rooms are clean and spacious. If you are on a budget or just want great value for money this is a perfect place to stay. However it is fairly basic so if you are looking for luxury, consider an alternative. The only criticism really, as other reviewers have said, is noise. We too were kept awake from all night construction on a site behind us. Also, the hotel plays piped music throughout the corridors from early in the morning which can be heard in the rooms. We are not early risers, preferring to enjoy the nocturnal sights of a city, and found this quite annoying and completely unnecessary. Another bonus with this hotel is the rooftop terrace which offers beautiful views and a great place to catch some sun during the day. Also at night we saw plenty of residents on the terrace drinking a bottle of wine and enjoying the lights of the city. Again another great facility if you are on a budget or just fancy a night in.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>travelmuppet0
<Content>Location, value, friendly staff- can't go wrong! This was a terrific value hotel a stone's throw from the Zocalo and the subway. Can't go wrong for $50 a night for a clean, safe, quiet, comfortable room. For budget travellers who enjoy fantastic deals, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glover
<Content>A great deal! I'll just add my voice to the others. We stayed a total of 3 nights at Catedral - coming and going to other spots. We always asked for interior quiet room. Both times they placed us on the 5th floor. First room was indeed quiet. Second wasn't due to aforementioned late construction next door. We slept like logs the first night anyway so didn't bother to request room change. Second night wasn't as easy as construction was still going on at about 2am. Nevertheless for the $72 we paid for a double room including breakfast, we too think this place is a great deal.Terrific location, efficient service everywhere - desk, tour desk, restaurant. Clean as a whistle. Nice bathrooms. Wifi worked fine for us. Beds hard it's true, but a minor quibble given price and location. And great roof deck - even if the waiter always brought us capped beer bottles and no bottle opener (??). We'll go back. . .  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PatrickMcc
<Content>Fantastic value This hotel was an incredible value. We paid $61 a night for a room with a double bed and breakfast included. There would have been a 10% cash discount but the hotel wouldn't cash the double signature travellers checks and the line at the bank looked very slow so I paid by credit card. I probably didn't lose 10% because the credit card exchange rate is so good-much better than the money exchangers at the airport and better than the ATM at HSBC which charged a $10 fee to get my money. The room is a nice clean average size hotel room and a decent sized modern bathroom with a big shower. The view was an interior courtyard which I had asked for with a view of the Cathedral towers. One night we did hear some music from the hostel next door but it didn't keep us up. We didn't hear the bells from the Cathedral at all during the night. The breakfast is in a very nice restaurant with a wide choice of excellent food and excellent service. The staff is helpful and professional. There is a travel agency right in the lobby. We bought our trip to the ruins through them and ,even better ,were able to purchase our bus tickets to Guanajuato through them saving us a major hassle of finding out schedules etc. We speak no Spanish but many of the staff speak enough English to help you. The location is excellent for access to sights, subway, and several excellent restaurants like Cafe Tacuba and Sirenas which overlooks the Aztec ruins. The streets around the hotel are not upscale but we felt safe all the time-there are a lot of people around and a lot of police. Warning- there is construction going on to the left of the hotel which is sometimes all night. One woman we met had her room changed because of this. The rooms facing the street have balconies but could be noisy. The hotel has a nice balcony on the seventh floor with a spectacular view of the Cathedral- a nice place for a drink at the end of the day.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>finn313
<Content>met my expectations Visited Mexico City in early February 2008. Spent a week at Hotel Catedral and was pleased with the price and the room. The room was clean, maids and the other staff were helpful and nice.They hooked me up with two good taxi drivers who knew where they were going and would wait while you visited museums etc. They charged about $10 per hour and were great. The restaurantwas very nice, courteous staff and good, (not fancy) food. The Zocalo area was great during the daytime and we walked to everything in the area. At night, the streets are a little dark and ominous looking.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>kaldal
<Content>Great, but pick room carefully Stayed here on two occasions, a total of 5 or 6 nights. Location is superb (hard to beat) for sightseeing and shopping, but not that good for restaurants (cheap and efficient metro is only two blocks away though).First night we had a high floor room facing the Zocalo and had a wonderful view of the back of the cathedral. We were very happy untill the party started in a rooftop bar next to the hotel. Next day we changed, and got a room facing inwards, with window (no view). This was very quiet, and we were happy again. Breakfast is a la carte in the connected restaurant (and it is a very good restaurant, ate here on several occasions). Hotel can fix taxis, tours and things to do. Staff is nice, internet in the lobby is not cheap, but ok for checking e-mail and stuff.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>eva03
<Content>Great location at a great price but very noisy We stayed at the Catedral as a result of the excellent reviews on trip advisor. I had some business in Mexico City and my office colleagues were very surprised that we stayed there. I therefore explained the location and the trip advisor reviews. We requested quiet rooms (we were travelling with our kids) and were given inside rooms. I was very concerned however that construction with jackhammers continued all night on an adjacent development site so I could get very litte sleep before my meetings. While this development is going on I suggest you request a room that is not affected by it. We had also requested a junior suite but they would not allow us to pre book it, only allocating it if it was availiable on the day. The restaurant is also not very good-cold toast, cold coffee, main course served while we were still eating the entree. Nevertheless the price is excellent, particularly given the location. Price was a major consideration for us given we were travelling with our kids.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>CALtripster
<Content>Location, location, location This was our home base in Mexico City, and you couldn't ask for a better location: two blocks from the zocalo and the subway, a short walk to dozens of sights. Rooms are good-sized, bathrooms immaculate. There's a great rooftop patio with chairs for reading and ogling the nearby church domes. Internet stations are in the lobby. Decor and general ambiance are along the lines of a generic business hotel, so don't expect much in terms of charm or individuality. And I found the front desk staff to be efficient but not particularly warm. But the value can't be beat.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Lalo_de_Mexico
<Content>Again, a great experience I have written several positive TripAdvisor reviews for Hotel Catedral, having visited since 1993.I was there again last month and would say everything all over again. The administration of this hotel is far beyond negative comment. The location, the restaurant, and the cleanliness of the rooms, cannot be challenged. Add to that the fact that many staff remember and welcome me, and I am home again!If you want to see the heart of Mexico City (or go anywhere else by Metro, which is nearby), and do not need pampering (pool, jacuzzi, etc.), this is the place. Hotel Catedral does not pretend to be a resort or anything other than what it is. It is an affordable and clean place with easy access to the wonders of Mexico City, some of which are within a block of the hotel.The restaurant, which first drew me into this place in 1993 with its sign while I was walking on the street, is superb. After that accidental introduction, I learned from a friend in Mexico City that it was a place to go for lunch for downtown workers. I saw that again this time. Your restaurant/bar experience will be shared with many locals, including people from the government if you want to converse with them. In December, my breakfast included eleven choices.Does Hotel Catedral pretend to be gourmet or cutting edge? No! Actually, I would say that it is gourmet without pretension.Check the price, decide whether you need glitz and glamour, and, again, check the price and location.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ascoltate
<Content>One of the best hotel deals EVER!!! This is by far one of the best deals for a hotel that I have ever had anywhere in the world (and I've travelled a lot)! For just about US$50 or $60, you get a location that can't be beat--a safe, centrally located area, walking distance to many of the sites and close to the metro for others. The staff are as friendly as can be. There is both a restaurant and a bar in the building that are decent and open even somewhat late into the evening. The room was spacious and the bathroom (esp. shower) was gorgeous. A highlight in all ways.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ClaraBerlin
<Content>Reservation not honoured We stayed in this hotel in 2004 and really enjoyed it. That's why I made an early reservation for 27 December 2007, which was confirmed in writing by the hotel. Unfortunately, upon arrival after a long flight from Madrid, we were told that no room was available and were sent to another hotel (at our expense). That was an extremely disappointing and tiring experience.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chapichapi
<Content>Good location        view from 5th floor  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teach2nd
<Content>Great price/Great location/and nice to boot Catedral Hotel is located in the Historic District of Mexico City and walking distance to many attractions. This hotel has a staff that is pleasant, and willing to help. Their meals were delicious and you can get a package with or without breakfast. I would get the package with, as many people from the street came to eat here. Rooms are fine, but not what you would call first class. The beds in the double rooms are harder than those in the King size rooms. There was street noise during one night of our stay that went until 2:30 am (excavation of site next door), but the hotel has no control over the noise other than to call the police, which they did. The other three nights there was no noise. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. I would call this place very quaint and worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Labeep
<Content>Great location, great value After reading a lot of excellent reviews, we chose this hotel for our trip in September, and it was not a disappointment. The location, right next to Zocalo is very suitable to take the subway and tourist buses. The old streets around are really charming.The room was clean, the staff was friendly and competent and as booked a suite, we had a big room, extremely comfortable. They have a nice restaurant and a bar, with fantastic margaritas!Definitely my choice for next time I go to Mexico, I am very happy with the hotel  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pococurante
<Content>Good Value, Great Location       Hotel Catedral room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	2	4	3	

<Author>stickerj
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price Hotel Catedral was perfect for our needs. We stayed there a total of five days in our eight day vacation. The hotel is located two blocks from the Zocalo. The neighborhood was colorful and full of interesting little shops. For example, we found a store that sold old mexican high school science class posters. We walked around at night with no problems. There seemed to be a large number of police in el centro historico at all times of day. (This may be a campaign of some sort).The rooms we stayed in were small but spotlessly clean. The staff was very efficient and extremely helpful. We had to ask for an extra towel for a bathmat and a hairdryer, but at this price, it was still a deal. Our rooms faced away from the catedral. They had great little balconies and beautiful views of a nearby church dome. Noise does not bother us so I can麓t speak to the noise problem. We both highly recommend this hotel for all travelers.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Native_Mexicana
<Content>Would do it again I am a native of M茅xico City and this was my first experience staying in a hotel. After researching several hotels on-line, I decided to try this one out. I called the hotel directly from Texas and was told I would get a discount if I paid cash. Because of the affordable rates plus the discount, I decided to book a room for a week.Upon arrival, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and a decent size for three people. There is also a terrrace on the seventh floor, which gives breathtaking views of the city. By mid-week, we needed to change rooms due to some next door construction and the staff was very accommodating. They even moved our bags for us once a room became available. There is a restaurant located in the hotel lobby where we ate frequently. This was an excellelnt perk to have in case you didn't want to venture out after a long day of sight-seeing and shopping.The hotel is located very close to the subway station which will easily take you to any destination in M茅xico City. The hotel is also locaated directly behind the Cathedral located on the famous Z贸calo. It is within walking distance to take some great pictures.Overall, our stay was a very pleasant experience and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Noroldan
<Content>Great hotel. Brutal tour We stayed at Hotel Catedral for 1 week in late November. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The rooftop patio was a nice place to wind down at the end of the day with litre bottles of sol from the 7 11 on the corner (16 pesos per liter). The bar behind the hotel was noisy thursday to saturday but we were not expecting peace and quiet in the center of Mexico City anyway so it wasnt a big deal. The beds were really hard but after a full day of walking around we fell asleep easily. All in all the hotel met and exceeded our expectations it is in a prime location and the price was right.The tour on the other hand was a nightmare. We had taken the same tour from Roldan travel 2 years ago on a previous trip to the city. That one was great, very informative and interesting. Therefore we had high expectations for this one as well. We had friends travel with us and told them how great the pyramids would be and how much fun they would have. Wrong. We met our guide at the Cathedral of Guadalupe as we were joining a tour already in progress. We waited for 15 minutes for a inconsiderate lady who was more interested in shopping than going to the pyramids. She is a whole different story I wont get into that it is still too fresh lol. On the way to the pyramids we stopped at a obsidian art factory. Had a tour of the facility and were then rushed into the store to have the chance to spend thousands of dollars on masks and figurines. No thanks. Where are the pyramids? After the tourist trap we arrived finally at the pyramids. To truly appreciate where you are you need to spend at least 3 hours. We had 45 minutes (inconsiderate shopper strikes again at the mask factory).After an uninformative tour compared to our last tour experience we were brought to the International restaurant for lunch. We were told the house specialty was great so we decided to try it. 150 pesos but good food. We were asked if we like guacamole to wich we answered yes. We were brought a little bowl of guacamole, 4 chips and 4 pork rinds. When we got the bill we found out they charged us 100 pesos for 1 peso worth of guacamole. So instead of spending 1 hour more at the pyramids we were brought to a tourist trap and hosed on guacamole. Not a happy tour van after that. So dont use Roldan tours. Try someone in the Zocalo and whatever you do dont order the guacamole. Made my wife ill at the end of the day.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>GenieC
<Content>Very Convenient, Clean and Quiet Stayed for 6 days. Although one street behind the Zocalo, it was quiet, clean, felt very safe, convenient to the Metro, and walking distance to many important sites to see in Mexico City. Would stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jameshogg11
<Content>Great Value for money!       little fountain thing  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Tara3056
<Content>Hotel Catedral 鈥?mostly fine but with some big caveats I recently returned from a 5-night stay at Hotel Catedral. The rooms are by no means luxurious, but for about $45 a night, there wasn鈥檛 much to complain about. I will say that the beds are extremely hard (my friend, in a different room, compared it to sleeping on a set of 2 boxsprings, but I wouldn鈥檛 say it was that bad) and the pillows very uncomfortable. I was never sore from the bed, but the pillows were another story.The rooms were cleaned well every day, and the front desk was always helpful and friendly whenever approached. If you want to stay in the Centro, then you pretty much can鈥檛 beat the location of the Catedral. It was so easy to walk to many things, and to go further afield, the Turibus stops at the Zocalo, as does the metro. Piece of cake. Breakfasts each morning were good 鈥?if you opt for breakfast there, you go to the front desk and request your breakfast coupon, then take the coupon into the hotel鈥檚 restaurant, present it to the waiter, and order what you want from one section of the main menu. There's a choice of maybe 12 things. It was a decent enough variety and they had a nice mix of breakfasty items like eggs and pancakes mixed with more lunch-type fare of chicken tacos and the sort. Fresh-squeezed orange juice and coffee were also included. Another nice thing was that they didn鈥檛 stop serving the free breakfast/brunch until noon, so there was no rushing around in the mornings, trying to get downstairs by the typical 9am deadline.The hotel also offers 2 computers with internet access for a nominal fee + currency exchange at the front desk at a surprisingly decent rate + a taxi service. There鈥檚 a travel agency right in the lobby as well, though I don鈥檛 recommend using them (more on that in a sec). All in all, a nice stay and a great price. BUT, there are some caveats鈥?br/>The negatives: I found a roach in my bathroom on the first night, and was quite upset about that. By the time I found a shoe to kill it with, it was long gone and I had to worry about it running free in my room all night. In fairness, I didn鈥檛 see another roach for the rest of my visit, but then, I also slept with the lights partially on all night long to discourage any, so鈥?If you get a cathedral-facing room, don鈥檛 expect there to be any nice view at all. You may see the top of the Catedral poking up from behind the building directly beside you, but most of you view will probably be of the tenement building just next door with missing walls and re-bar everywhere. Definitely not nice to look at, but I didn't care at all.If you go on a Friday or Saturday, expect the nearby disco/night club to keep you up unless you are an easy/deep sleeper or bring earplugs. I can鈥檛 wear earplugs, so I was up until at least 2:30am until I finally was exhausted enough to fall asleep. Don鈥檛 underestimate how loud it can be. I was really surprised given that the club wasn鈥檛 *that* close to the hotel. I could feel the vibrations of the base and in many songs, could even make out which song it was.Finally, the travel agency. This one bothered me a lot, so it's going to be a long rant so that you'll know what to expect if you book a tour with them. We wanted to go to Teotihuacan and the travel agency set us up with one of their tours for $25 each. She said that the tour included transportation (in a van) to and from Teotihuacan along with the entrance fee into the sight, but that lunch would be 鈥渙n our own鈥? We asked her how much time we would have at the site, and she said around 4 hours. The tour left at 11 and returned by 5, so that seemed to make sense given that it would be an hour鈥檚 drive. Everything sounded fine. Here鈥檚 what actually happened:The guide picked us up and after waiting around awhile gathering more people (which was fine, and expected), we set off for the pyramids. When we got to Teotihuacan, they stopped off at a tourist souvenir trap. We listened to a brief lesson on how pulque is made, and then were shown around the different stations where men were making obsidian figurines. After the tour we were brought inside a *huge* store selling tons and tons of stone figures, chess boards, jewelry, blankets, tequila and pulque, etc. It was very high-pressure sales, and you could tell the items were greatly overpriced even without having some other experience to compare it to. Luckily our actual travel agency guides were not putting pressure on us to buy things, but the guides at the ranch who鈥檇 given us the tour of their facility were constantly hovering. I didn鈥檛 buy anything, but my friend gave in and got a couple of the smallest, least expensive items they offered. After this 45 minute stop, we finally were on our way to the pyramids. (It had been frustrating seeing the pyramids rising in the distance but being stopped for 45 minutes at the tourist trap.) Our guide started to lead us around Teotihuacan, which we hadn鈥檛 expected. Apparently he would guide us for awhile and then we would have some free time to explore on our own. The problem was, we were running out of time. His guiding took too long and we knew if we didn鈥檛 break off, we wouldn鈥檛 have enough time to climb the pyramids (slowly, because of the altitude鈥檚 effect on us!). Why? Because we didn鈥檛 have 4 hours there; we had about 2 hours there. We had been told to meet the van back at 3:15 for lunch, which was a big surprise. We鈥檇 thought that lunch 鈥渙n your own鈥?not only meant that we鈥檇 pay for our own lunch, but would be free to actually find it on our own as well. Nope. When we only had around an hour and 15 minutes left, we broke off from the guide and started our free time a bit earlier than the rest of the people. We climbed the Pyramid of the Sun, enjoyed the view awhile, walked around a bit more and peeked at the souvenir shops by each gate, and then it was time to go. Oh, and those souvenir shops? They were selling many of the exact same things that we鈥檇 seen earlier, only for much lower prices! It made me wonder if they even made anything at that place, or if they just had machinery out and hired people to look busy when tourists came, meanwhile re-selling things that they themselves probably bought from elsewhere, like China. Lunch was of course at a very mediocre, fairly overpriced place the guides shuffled us to. They didn鈥檛 eat, probably because of the cost/quality, all the while getting a kickback from the restaurant. In the middle of our meal, we were 鈥渆ntertained鈥?by an 鈥淎ztec鈥?dancer and drummer. Please. After lunch, we were taken back to our hotel and arrived there by 5:30. We did not tip our guides. We figured they鈥檇 probably gotten enough tips from the places they鈥檇 brought us.My conclusion: avoid the Hotel Catedral鈥檚 tours at all costs, even if you have to pay more. The Turibus offers a tour to Teotihuacan for $45, substantially more expensive, yes, but at least we would have had enough time there and not had souvenirs and bad food pushed upon us. Even a private driver doesn鈥檛 cost that much. One of the Catedral鈥檚 drivers charged 100 pesos an hour with a 200 peso minimum. That鈥檚 about $10 per hour.If you can deal with the negatives, then the Hotel Catedral is well-located and a good value.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	3	4	4	

<Author>TravelinPeach
<Content>Great location! i have stayed at this hotel 3 times in the span of about a month and have had good experiences each time. The rooms are clean, if a bit worn, and the lobby and restaurant are nice. Breakfast comes with the room and you have a broad selection of items to choose from ranging from hot cakes to tamales!Many reviews state that there is a filtered water tap in the room, but I have only had this once. The other times there was a bottle of water provided each day. There are also not hairdryers in all the rooms. Hand towels and wash cloths seem non-existent. I had a horrible hard pillow, but a polite request to housekeeping for something a little softer landed me a nice, plush feather pillow.The only complaint I have is that I canceled a reservation but the hotel 'accidentally' charged my card. They requested my credit card number, I sent it, but the problem is still not resolved 2 weeks later.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>westashleyguy
<Content>It was good... The visit was good to the hotel. We stayed there 5 nights. The rooms were fine, a little worn, but not bad at all. Most of the staff could speak and understand English. The restaurant onsite was ok, nothing great, but still good. We opted to include breakfast with the room price. This limits your choices on the menu in the morning. I would probably say just pay for the room and do breakfast on your own. The beds were very firm and there were no hand towels or washcloths in the bathrooms. My room didn't have a water-filter in the bathroom, so they put a couple bottles of water in the room. On a side note, the travel agency in the hotel is convenient, but not the best choice. The tour of the pyramids we booked wasn't too expensive, but we kind of felt mislead. We were told we would have 4 hours at the site. Well, not really. When we got there, we had to spend almost an hour at this gift shop looking at overpriced souvenirs. We had less than 2 hours at the pyramids because we had to meet for lunch. So, then we have to go have lunch at this overpriced restaurant. I wonder how much in kick-backs they got from all that. We felt really rushed at the pyramids.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Persia69
<Content>Excellent Value and Great Location We travelled from Sydney to Mexico City and were so happy we booked this hotel for 6 nights. From check in to check out nothing was too much trouble for the staff. We had no problem with the language, our room was clean, we had a balcony with great views and there is even a filtered water tap in each room. The hotel is in walking distance of the major sights in Centro Historico and there are great places to eat and shop nearby. The travel agent at the hotel booked trips to the pyramids/shrine and Taxco for us and we had the best time-very professional. We had breakfast included and the food was delicious and authentic. If you reserve your room using their website, pay when you leave you get a 10% discount by paying in pesos.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>DevelopmentGal
<Content>A Great Place to Stay in D.F. We stayed here for 6 nights while visiting our daughter. The hotel is centrally located to many of the City's sights and the staff, as others have mentioned, were outstanding. Unless you have the ability to sleep through all kinds of noise, I would strongly advise you to ask for an interior room. We spent the first couple of nights in a room that faced the street and it was really noisy. After switching to a room facing the large interior airshaft (that sounds icky but it really wasn't -- the view of the street is actually less attractive than the airshaft) we were rewarded with a truly quiet nights' sleep. The staff was very pleasant and efficient about making the change for us.The room rate included a choice of breakfasts in the restaurant that were tasty and plentiful and the coffee was great.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>banika
<Content>Cheap, nice hotel in excellent location Stayed for 2 nights in Catedral. It is a nice little place in a really convenient location. Yes the decor was a bit outdated, but we didn't care. The rooms were spacious, bathroom large. My only comment is that the rooms could have been a bit cleaner. Complaint-- no hairdryer in the bathroom. Reception staff was really nice and helpful. After requesting in advance, we were able to check in really early in the morning. Due to some flight changes, we also had to cut our original booking by one day, which was also dealt with efficiently and with no problems. Excellent travel agent in the lobby who was able to quickly and efficiently deal with our requests. Internet is also available in the lobby. Location is great for exploration of the city. If necessary there is also a small store nearby where you can buy some necessities. The reception staff advised us on using other registered taxis for transfer to the a/port, which were much cheaper than the aiport ones. The hotel books the taxis for you. We took their advice and there we absolutely no hassles.If I ever went back I would def stay at this place again..  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	5	-1	4	

<Author>blurkee
<Content>Glad We Chose This Hotel Very nice hotel. Great location, helpful friendly staff. The included breakfast was very good, lots of choices. Will return here or the companies other hotels.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Don_Cuevas
<Content>Hotel Catedral has what we needed We stayed at the Hotel Catedral for one night, prior to taking an early flight the next morning.Although it was impossible at the time for our cab to approach the hotel any closer than the corner, due to the crowds of ambulant vendors (since removed, I read), it was only a short walk to the door. We were greeted by smiling bellhops, to whom we gladly gave our bags.Check in took a few minutes, with a 10% discount applicable if paying in efectivo 鈥攃ash. Service was professional.We were escorted up to an attractive room on the 6th floor, in the center of the hotel, well away from the disco. The room had a window onto an airshft, which was fine with us, as we were there to sleep before our flight.We went down to the bar to unwind, and had a beer and a Tequila a la bandera, at reasonable prices. We didn't try the restaurant.The bath in the room had the aforementioned purified water tap, of which I was a bit leery, but all was well. The shower was great, with hot water at decent pressure arriving quickly. The wi-fi worked well and without interruption. The beds were comfortable.We'd stay there again. In our more youthful travels, we'd stayed at cheaper, more atmospheric places, but the comfort gained now was well worth the added cost.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>p1ggyw1g
<Content>Great place Loved this place. We stayed here on the recommendation of a friend we met on the road. It was our very first time in Mexico City and had read all the horror stories in the guide books about how dangerous it was. We were so paranoid we literally grabbed our bags and RAN from the taxi into the lobby. Once our paranoia had subsided we relaxed and enjoyed this hotel as much as we enjoyed Mexico City. The room was spacious. The bathroom was brilliant. The staff were friendly and helpful. It really was our safe haven and we were disappointed when we couldn't get a booking on our way back through DF three weeks later. I guess that in itself is a testament to a good hotel. It's popular! It's also really close to the Zocalo which is handy.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>artman
<Content>Great hotel Excellent value We stayed at hotel Catedral for 4 nights in September 2007. As everyone else already wrote - this is a great hotel to stay in for visiting the DF. The room was well sized and very clean. We booked through the hotel a tour to Teotihuacan, which included also the Plaza de las Tres Culturas, the Basilica de Guadalupe and Cuicuilco at 330 Pesos per person which was great. They also offer tours to Taxco, cuernavaca and Puebla. Following a recomendation in this site we had our breakfasts at Los Bisques de Obragon at Tacuba st. near the Hotel - and as the recomendation said - the best cafe con leche ever! Sine we arrived a day before the independence day - we were in the Zocalo for el grito and together with the crowed we shouted Viva Mexico - and believe me - after 3 weeks in that country - we sure mean it!!! Staying at Hotel Catedral made the first encounter with Mexico nice and comfortable. We sure will be coming back!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>curlisue
<Content>Great Hotel in great location       Bedroom Hotel Catedral  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>crislab4
<Content>Excelente ubicaci贸n en el DF Es un muy buen hotel, excelentemente ubicado en las cercan铆as del centro hist贸ricoLimpio, seguro y a precio razonable  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ChristineB-DC
<Content>Excellent value right in the thick of it all If you want to be near the bustle of Centro Historico in Mexico City and still have plenty of money to spend on food and activities, then Hotel Catedral is for you. My husband and I had a great stay over Labor Day weekend. While furnished with just the basics, rooms were spotless and well kept. Try and get a balcony room - we had one - and contrary to other reviewers, nights and mornings were quiet, even in the street-facing rooms. Try and avoid rooms on the back side of the building, facing the Catedral and Zocalo. There is a disco that goes late on Fridays and Saturdays. The music was fine while sitting out on the 8th floor terrace (which is a great place to sip margaritas from the bar - they'll bring them up to you!) with views of the Catedral and Zocolo, but I would have been unhappy if my room were on that side of the building. Staff were friendly and patient with our broken Spanish. I liked the safe deposit boxes, which are maintained behind the front desk. You get a key and they have to open with a key too - kind of like the bank. Also, we didn't book our pyramid tour through the hotel (go to the hostel on Tacuba for this), but the ladies at the tour desk did help us book futbol tickets through Ticketmaster. We could not have done it without them - the phone call with Ticketmaster took about 10 minutes, and one of the women did all of the planning for us. And, we ended up with GREAT seats for only $15 USD total, including tax and ticketmaster fees - that is total for 2 people! Note: for Ticketmaster-purchased tickets, you have to pick them up at Estadio Azteca - kind of like will call. When we went, only the first two windows handled Ticketmaster orders...these were the first two windows farthest from where the line emptied into the ticket booth area. Be sure to ask before waiting in line at a window that deals with day-of orders only. Call ahead if you're going to be late - they ask for an arrival time and seem to stick to it. I'm glad we called. Hotel restaurant was ok. Go to Cafe Popular on Cinco de Mayo for awesome grub. One other note - we took Metro to the match and to Coyoacan - we never felt unsafe. Take usual big-city precautions you would anywhere in the world. An excellent stay - we would recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice, safe, clean, and reliable budget hotel in Mexico City.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marci0131
<Content>Great hotel in the perfect place My husband and I wanted to stay in a hotel within walking distance to the center. Having heard all sorts of things about mexico city we were a bit concerned but once we got there we were pleasantly surprised...The staff was extrememely helpful and accomodating. The only thing I didn't know was that if you tell them you're going to arrive at a certain hour they expect you to show up at that hour or they give away your reservation. I called them from the airport to say we were running late and I'm glad I did. While we were there they were booked solid. The hotel was clean and very comfortable. Early in the morning and late at night there is no one in the streets but during mid day the streets are PACKED. They operate a hostel about 1 block away that has the best tours of Teotichuacan ever. (And it's cheaper ;-) I would recommend this place in a heartbeat and plan to return next time I'm in Mexico city.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hola_y_saludos
<Content>Nice location but overrated This hotel is very conveniently located to the main square. The rooms are comfortable but nothing exciting. We found our room to be pretty noisy given we are on the street. The staff were friendly and hospitable, however.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AMB&JAS
<Content>隆Excelente! My wife and I stayed at this hotel August 13th-16th, 2007. It was our first stay, but it will not be our last. My wife and I are seasoned visitors to Mexico City, so we knew we wanted security, cleanliness, convenience, courteous service, and the right price, in a hotel. Hotel Catedral delivered in all respects. If anyone wants to visit the Centro Hist贸rico of Mexico City, this hotel is for you. It is also ideal if someone wants to make daytrips to Xochimilco, Teotihuac谩n, Coyoac谩n, etc. There is a travel agency in the lobby, but we did not use it. The hotel restaurant opens at 7:00 a.m., closes at 11:00 p.m., and it serves good, if unspectacular, food. My wife liked the sincronizadas. The bar sells wonderful cubas libres. And, it is not too far to the airport.This hotel does not pile on the amenities. For example, there were no hand or face towels. And it is on a busy street that gets jammed with street vendors in the afternoon. But it did not matter, given all the positives the hotel offered, like a purified water tap in the bathroom, and terraces on the seventh floor. If you stay at this hotel, you may want to eat breakfast at the local branch of Los Bisquets de Obreg贸n, on Calle Tacuba #85, just off the Z贸calo. The caf茅 con leche is wonderful, as are the biscuits with jelly. It opens at 7:30 a.m. Also, be sure to eat dinner at least once at the Caf茅 de Tacuba, at Calle Tacuba #28. My wife found a terrific souvenir shop, Arte Mexicano Para El Mundo, at Monte de Piedad #11.I have visited Mexico City 25-30 times, and I have never been a victim of a crime. I have never even lost a personal item. So I disagree with the generalization that Mexico City is a crime-infested, violent metropolis. In fact, the only time I have been mugged was in Chicago. But visitors to Mexico City do need to use common sense. Do not flash money or jewelry, know where you are, do not walk around drunk, and keep an eye on your belongings. The population of Mexico City is in the many millions, so the odds and human nature make it likely that more than a few people are dishonest or criminal. But I am convinced that they are a tiny percentage of the population.The hotel staff will call a sitio cab for you, and they are safe. I became friendly with the driver of our first cab, he gave me his cell phone #, and thereafter he drove us everywhere. It was win-win. Once, when he was busy with other passengers, he sent his father, also a cabbie, to drive us to our destination! The only negative is the traffic. It is HORRIBLE, so budget extra time if you will be getting around by car.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gueronva
<Content>Here We Come Again! I stayed here two years ago and I am looking forward to coming back this September. My wife  I will be there for the independence day celebrations and Military Parade. The Hotel staff speak very good english and are very helpful in every need that may arise.This hotel is a great place for the money and it is right in the middle of the Historic Center and walking distance to one of the busiest and best subway systems in the world.Just use caution at night! maybe it's me ,but I felt a little uncomfortable walking around there at night.The only drawback from my experience there was the lack of Taxi's that pass by the Hotel.Many times I had to go to the Zocalo area to hail a Taxi.But all in all I had a GREAT TIME!---Viva Mexico...viva  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>bld1986
<Content>Great Value We heard about the hotel from a guide book and decided to take a chance, and we were so glad we did! Even though we had no reservation when we arrived at the hotel, there was room when we got there around 9:00 pm on a Saturday night in June. Even though Hotel Catedral is, like other reviewers have mentioned, a little generic, it's also very clean and comfortable. Since we were four student travelers we got a room with two matrimonial beds, and it only cost us around $18USD each. The restaurant downstairs is also pretty affordable and offers a nice selection, though if you're looking for an authentic Mexican meal I'd eat elsewhere, as the menu had a lot of typically American dishes. Finally, the location is probably the best thing about the hotel. It's literally about a block and a half from the door to the center of the Zocalo, and though I wouldn't wander the street the hotel is on at night, during the day it seemed very safe. Overall we had a great stay at this hotel, and I'd recommend it to anyone who's looking for a comfortable and inexpensive place to stay in Mexico City.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>melkaya
<Content>Loved Hotel Cathedral       bakery around the corner on tacuba, yummy!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Pilar78
<Content>Centrally Located, Cheap, and Safe Hotel Catedral is a gem in Mexico City - it's centrally located (right behind the Zocalo and Cathedral), the prices are reasonable, and the staff amenable. We had no problems getting to the hotel from the airport; on our return staff called a taxi for us. There is a subway stop at the Zocalo a few blocks away - you then have access to the entire city. We had no problems with staff at any point. Rooms are basic (Holiday Inn style decor) but were fine for us! I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to any budget minded traveler.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelkid1804
<Content>great stay in the middle of everything Date: 28th July 2007Rewiewer: A Tripadvisor, Mettmann, Germany We, a family of 4, with two girls , 15 and 19 years of age, stayed 5 days at this wonderful hotel in the historic center of Mexico City. Everything that was worth visiting was within walking distance, the metro station was about 5 minutes walk away. The staff in the hotel was very friendly and cooperative, the rooms absulutely clean and quiet.The hotel own restaurant offered all kinds of breakfast, very reasonable in price and if wanted you could also get your lunch and dinner there.Within the hotel there was a travel agency for excursions you want to organize and of course there was help from the front desk whenever necessary.We recommend this reasonable hotel for all who do not expect the highest luxury and we will certainly return there whenever we come back to Mexico City.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>gatita51
<Content>Catedral lives up to its reputation! We have stayed at Hotel Catedral for the past 16 years whenever we go to Mexico City for business or pleasure. The staff knows us and we always get excellent service and treatment. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the restaurant is fantastic. It may not be a luxury property, but with the money we save we can eat at the most expensive restaurants around and thoroughly enjoy ourselves. I do not think I would stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwicrews
<Content>Perfect Location for Centro Historic! Great location, clean and tidy hotel, with purified water in the room. I would definitely recommend booking a rooftop room with a Catedral view - we didn't find it too noisy. We were fortunate to move rooms after the first night to the sixth floor view. Hotel staff were friendly and it was a bonus to have an English speaker on the front desk. I would not describe the hotel as luxury, however the location and price were right. If you like a soft bed this is not the place to stay as the beds are hard, the plus side is there is lots of hot water in the shower.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dg1969
<Content>Great service great value This is a nice hotel with a good location just behind the Zocalo. At 拢20 a night (30 euros/40 dollars)it proved great value for a type of hotel you would pay three times as much for in a European city (much more in London, Paris or Rome). The rooms were large, clean and well equipped with a TV (with the ubiquitous CNN), a fan (all you need in Mexico City) and a good sized bathroom with a source of safe drinking water. It also has a bar and a decent mid-priced restaurant if you didn't feel like venturing out. The desk staff spoke reasonable English and were patient and helpful. The best feature was the Sablons Travel Agency in the lobby which offered a good series of day tours around the most intersting sites within a few hours drive of Mexico City , but would also help you book bus or plane tickets and hotel rooms further afield if you wanted to see more of Mexico. Again the staff spoke reasonable English and this facility helped make oraginising our travel plans a lot easier and allowed us to cover a lot of ground in the country in only two weeks.All in all the best value for money I've ever had out of a hotel anywhere. Well recommended for anyone who doesn't need luxury but doesn't want to do the backpacker thing anymore.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pocogoo
<Content>Great value for money! My husband and I wanted to stay in Mexico City without spending a lot on a room, while also making sure that the place we stayed at would be clean and convenient. We booked a room at the Hotel Catedral in Mexico City based on the reviews on tripadvisor and I must say that this turned out to be an excellent decision. The room was super clean--you'd probably pay double for a similar room in the US--and the bathroom was very well maintained, the tub et al being sparkling clean. When we had a slight problem in the bathroom, the maintenence person came up within minutes to fix it. There was no air-conditioning in the room; however, we did not feel the need for anything other than the fan which, along with the pleasant night-time temperature, proved more than adequate. The staff is very helpful and it was comforting to come back to a nice clean room at the end of a long day of sight-seeing.We did make sure that we asked for a room away from the noise, as other reviews on the site had suggested; we were certainly not kept up by the noise in the room that we were in. Location-wise, the Zocalo metro station is a short walk away, and there are plenty of restaurants around, including vegetarian ones. Although we did not stay out very late, there was plenty of activity on the road itself until about 9:30 p.m.If you are a budget traveler who is looking for good no-frills accommodation at a very reasonable price, I would strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>EstTraveller
<Content>Very good choice! Me and my wife stayed in Hotel Catedral in March 2007, twice. First time upon arriving to Mexico and the second time at the end of our Mexico tour. The stay was very pleasant. The staff was very helpful, the restaurant downstairs was excellent and of course you cannot beat the location.The only negative factor is the fact that there is a night-club nearby. So if you have room in the backside of the hotel then you will have a concert in your room that ends ca 1 o'clock at night. As we were tired or stayed up late, it did not bother us. If you want more quiet room, ask for a room that faces the street.Tip: check out the roof terrace. It has fantastic views on the Mexico City.If I ever return to Mexico City, I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>EngTeacher
<Content>Catedral: A Great Vacation! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Catedral for ten nights. The property is extremely convenient to ALL attractions in the Centro Historico of Mexico City and sits directly behind the main cathedral. Access to the Metro (subway) is a two block walk and opens the rest of the city up for easy exploration. But for the roughly one square mile of museums and cultural institutions within the Centro you are likely to visit, walking the city is easy and much more interesting than taking the Metro.The front desk staff speaks English well, the housekeeping staff is very thorough, the restaurant food is tasty and convenient, the room (a matrimonio or king size bed) was plenty large for two people and well appointed, and everyone was very friendly and courteous and helpful. Deluxe or luxury style? No. But absolutely clean, safe, and convenient... especially for the touristic traveller who plans on staying in the room mostly to sleep. Inexpensive as well, and with a 10% discount for cash payments (though if you stay longer than a week you will have to pay for the first seven days on the eighth day... a strange but harmless issue).Friday and Saturday nights there are rock concerts and Aztec dancers and other such LOUD activities on the zocalo-- central square-- which is where the cathedral is located. But with a closed window (decent insulation) and some foam earplugs this was a very minor inconvenience.A note on safety: Some have mentioned that the block the Hotel Catedral is on becomes desolate at night. This is somewhat true of this block, as it is of MANY blocks within the Centro once most shops, restaurants, cafes, etc. close. That said, other than the rare drunk or beggar there was no real concern. Travellers should simply keep their eyes open and their senses aware; travellers from major urban centers will find this no problem and a matter of routine (we are from NYC) but those from suburban and rural areas will likely be as nervous here as you would in ANY city, so don't let that deter you from taking advantage of the Hotel Catedral or of staying in the Centro Historico.Sightseeing Notes:1) Make the effort to go to XOCHIMILCO-- an extensive series of ancient canals and waterways in Southern Mexico City you can tour on a private, covered, man-powered boat. During your peaceful afternoon, you will be serenaded by mariachi and ranchero bands as you sail along (all in their own boats coming alongside yours), will enjoy the beautiful non-urban scenery and wildlife of Mexico City, will be able to purchase food from boats along the way, and-- if you have the time for the four+ hour round trip-- will be able to visit the Isla de Munecas (Island of Dolls) which is an eerie and fascinating example of one man's obsession with fishing lost dolls out of the canals and displaying them in trees and in huts. Spend a day on the water after days of running around, you will not regret this.2) Lucha Libre (wrestling) in Mexico is a theatrical spectacle unlike that of America's. The Arena Coliseo is within eight blocks of the Hotel Catedral and has matches two days a week. Be different, check it out.3) The Museum of Popular Arts (Museo de Arte Popular) has examples of handicrafts from throughout Mexico that you can marvel at. The giftshop is expensive, but has great stuff. Go to the Centro Artesanal La Ciudadela for most of your artistic and handicraft needs but negotiate with the shopkeepers on the price.4) A day trip to Teotihuacan-- home of the third largest pyramid in the world and the ONLY one you can actually climb to the summit-- is a must. This extensive site is only about 75 minutes away and can be easily and safely done for about fifteen dollars round-trip (for TWO people) via a bus at the Terminal Norte bus terminal (rather than the Turibus which is much more expensive and limits your time at the site).  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CanadianBoys
<Content>Great Location and Value We stayed at the Hotel Catedral Dec 23/04 for 7 nights. Location off the Zocalo is very good, also close to the Metro. Just behind the Great Cathedral. Like in any European City - Mex City in the Old City Centre rolls up the shutters for the night - so the area has a deserted look until daybreak when all hell breaks lose. The street the Catedral is on looks deserted at night - but it is safe - AS IS MEXICO CITY! Any large city can be dangerous - even mine - so keep your head up just like we all do at home. You would not think it is the same place. Hotel itself is six or seven floors, elevator, good condition - clean rooms etc. Equivalent to any *** in USA or Canada. Price is likely the best you can find - and I spent days and days web searching. Restaurant in hotel is good - breakfast in particular. Here is a great tip: around the corner exactly behind the Mexico Cathedral is a Hostel - and they run tours at 1/2 to 1/3 cost of others in NEW vans. My friend and I booked ours to Toteotihuacan for 190 Pesos each including lunch. Our new van had 8-9 people, a driver and guide - and was great. You can not travel to Toteotihuacan by metro and then connecting local bus cheaper, faster or more safely - without getting lost - (and I am a world traveller!). Time is everything - and once at the pyramids - your sandwich and water are a great time saver etc.The Zocalo location is great for being in the old area - perhaps Zona Rosa or Central area off Reforma would be better for those that want to walk at night and be in the big city. Depends what you came for and how you manage your time. We were out all day and into the evening - and rarely returned from our days of sightseeing and dinners until late. While there are some late night clubs etc in the historic area - they are few and far between - so taking a cab is best. As we were 2 guys - we walked everywhere safely and not ONCE did we feel threatened or did anyone say, approach or intimidate us. Police are everywhere on most major street corners.Watch the Zona Rosa or Pink Zone - day or night - as it is full of con artists who want to strike up any conversation and lull you into a sense of security while they contemplate how to manage you...just like cons/gypsies or thieves in Europe or elsewhere. In the Zona Rosa this was women and men - in pairs - working on unsuspecting and trustworthy tourists. Just say NO GRACIAS - firmly and move on quickly.To see old Mexico City at its best - the Zocalo and Hotel Catedral are great - otherwise stay in the new area - particularly if you like highrise concrete and need this view to feel like your at home :) - better yet stay home - and look out your window.Enjoy Mexico City - we did and we will be back!!2 GuysEdmonton, Canada  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Calgarytravelbuffs
<Content>Great location and friendliness. Hotel Catedral is in the block behind Mexico City's Cathedral which faces the huge Zocalo or central square, close (walking distance) to nearly all the main sights and activities in the historical downtown. An older building it is nevertheless clean, bright and well furnished. Our room, above the main entrance on the Avenida Donceles, was quiet with views over the roofs to the mountains. The main dining room provided excellent breakfasts and dinners at more than reasonable prices. The most striking feature of our stay here was the friendliness and amazing helpfulness of the reception staff, in particular Senorita Fernanda, who assisted us in our forays to various tourist destinations, dealt with taxis, airlines and recovered mislaid items for us which we thought were lost in far parts of town. Any time we go back to Mexico City we will stay at the Hotel Catedral.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MsXina
<Content>2nd time here This is the second time I stayed at Hotel Catedral. Again, I cannot say enough about the location and the service. Friendly, helpful staff and a very short walk to the zocalo, the heart of the city and indeed, the heart of the country. Close to good restaurants as well. Try Cafe Popular which caters to locals, for an excellent, inexpensive meal. Or for pan dulce and hot chocolate, if you want an late night snack. Great place, great hood.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pixelgurl
<Content>cheap basic room good location BUT beware there are flaws Room was quiet even though in the centre of MC but suprisingly NO view. Room smelt of cigarettes even though requested non-smoking. Beds were ok. Shower was a shocker, I would state the worst from a months stay in Mexico, hot and cold and a halo spray style that defied washing anything other than your shoulders. tired 70's decor .. but great location!! and cheap!! If you want a place that is cheap to sleep and are not fussy about decor it will get you there.Breakfast was unimpressive. But plenty of other places to eat nearby.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vicbruin
<Content>New information: loud music from disco nearby! This is a great hotel with an excellent location and a very helpful staff. I have stayed here two times in the last two years and service has been excellent. Nevertheless: warning! A new disco opened by the end of 2006 blasting music into the rooms that look to the back of the hotel. Hopefully they will remedy this situation soon! Try to get a room with balcony if you want to avoid having a discoteque right into your room all night long! Otherwise, it is a great bargain.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Houston937
<Content>Excellent value All the good things I heard about the Catedral turned out to be true. I stayed there for three nights in January. It was a great value at approximately $41 per night (with discount for cash, and there were no unexpected taxes or other extras). My only reservations are that the beds were too firm for my liking, and that there was noise from a nearby nightclub that can be annoying if you are in one of the rooms on the back side of the hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The restaurant is good (and also a good value), the location is great, and there are great views from the terrace.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gonzocook
<Content>Recommend it highly if you want to save money Agree with most of the positive comments already posted. Easy access to Zocalo, Cathedral and metro. Used restaurant only for breakfast. It was just OK. But staff was helpful (and fluent in English), rooms were clean, price made it a great value. Rooms facing the street may be noisy (damn burglar alarm across the street went off four times one night).By the way, if you pay cash, you can get a discount. But if you do that, you can't charge restaurant meals to the room.Hotel has two computers in lobby for Internet access, but it's cheaper elsewhere. The only English language programming on TV is CNN International (aside from some US programming with Spanish subtitles on other channels). (This may seem like a small thing, but if you suffer from insomnia, you soon will tire of the recycled CNN stories--they will run the same pieces hourly all night long.)I don't think you can reserve via the usual Internet services, but I was able to do it via e-mail easily.Luxurious? No. Comfortable and clean? Yes. Worth the price? Most definitely.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>MultiCulti
<Content>Great price, clean, central-location For me, the most important features of any hotel are price, cleanliness and location. The Hotel Catedral cost me $2050 pesos en effectivo (= about $200 USD in cash) for five nights at the end of December. My room was clean upon arrival and was cleaned every day during my stay. The towels were a bit worn, but they were clean, as were the bed linens. The shower had hot water and good pressure. The bed was comfortable. The room was spacious. Yes, the decor is ca. 1970 but I got used to it. The location is very convenient to the historic sites around the Zocalo as well as the Zocalo Metro station. On the next block from the hotel, there is an HSBC ATM and a 7-Eleven to purchase bottled water. I had requested a room away from the street when I made my reservation on the hotel's website so I did not have a problem with excessive noise. In general, I had no problems whatsoever with the Hotel Catedral and, at such a great price, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>valemaffy
<Content>good location, dirty bed [--] we arrived late in the night, our suite room was huge and quite comfortable but bed sheets were dirty so, and 1 a.m. i changed them! Good price, good location, good restaurant, some strange sound form other rooms..but overall to suggest  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Poppi_MB
<Content>Good hotel and convenient location       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>schlegal1
<Content>A hidden gem in the DF       Outside of Hotel  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>carolina20
<Content>tourists stay away: bad address Unless you want a rock concert right in your room, stay away.It was a Thursday night; not a holiday, just an ordinary day. It started muted mid-evening, we put our earplugs on. But, the loudness increased; the decibels got so high you would have thought we had invited a rock band in our room. We had interior court, 2 blocks from the Zocalo. Wax ear plugs and sleeping pills were useless.For that reason alone, the Catedral hotel is a bad address; at least for those who want to sightsee, not change rooms.Our room was also run down; the furniture  carpet shabby, the mattress shot. The bathroom was reasonable.We had reserved for quiet over a month ahead  checked in early. So it leaves me wondering who is really raving about the Catedral hotel. .  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>chilekids
<Content>Couldn't Have Selected a Better Hotel for the $$ We can't say enough about the Hotel Catedral. While the rooms were average, everything else was exemplary. Both the hotel and restaurant staff were genuinely friendly, the price was right, the location near the Zocalo and Metro was ideal, and the view from the rooftop delightful. Some have commented on the police presence outside the hotel. Indeed, walking north of the hotel late at night is inadvisable. However, we felt very safe hanging out late in the Zocalo watching the Aztec dancers perform their impossibly perfect moves. Like most big cities, just be vigilant and use common sense.Karen, Colorado, USA  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newtowndirk
<Content>Bargain at the city centre This hotel is a very good option for travellers who like to stay at a good but inexpensive hotel in the city centre of Mexico City.Please do not expect 4* stylish rooms or excellent service, but do expect clean, average rooms, a tasty breakfast a la carte, reasonable prices ..... just steps away from the cathedral.I can highly recommend this place!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>fakid
<Content>A 5-star budget hotel               More photos  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Ortwin
<Content>Friendly staff backing the Zocalo This hotel has helpfull staff, a good restaurant (which also serves in the hotel bar, including a price-friendly menu del dia until 6pm) and good service. They provide cheap taxi-service, a medium-prizes and sized travel service and perfect baggae locker and safe deposit service. The majority of the staff speaks English. Rooms are decent and always clean, but don't expect much of the advertized view of the Cathedral, as the most you see is its back and a lot of construction around the Templo Major.The hotel is just a block from the Zocalo, which makes it a perfect starting place for ex[ploring Mexico. The street itself is quite at night and busy during the day. As around 10am starts the local street market at the end, making it an access route.Mexicans do sleep here, as well, but the majority is tourists on their own and with package tours. The restaurant menu is diverse, Mexican with a sense of French/American. The hotel has two internet access computers, but no Wifi. In general, the services are more than fair for such a priced Mexican hotel, but not up to the business men's limits.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>pcorns
<Content>All good! Excellent location, helpful staff and huge, comfortable clean rooms. Great price too! I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reedhyde
<Content>Beware! You might not have a reservation Watch out for your reservation -- you may not have one! I stayed at Hotel Catedral for several nights this past July (a great time to visit Mexico!) with my two boys. We got used to the hard beds and even appreciated the central location and view onto the street below. However, the hotel cancelled our reservation when we arrived an hour late after an overnight trip to Taxco. Also, the price kept changing. We were quoted one price on the reservation, a different price on check-in and finally a different price (between the two) when I asked what the real price was.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>laurette9
<Content>Good position, nice staff and very clean rooms ! We have stayed 3 nights in september 2006 in the Catedral Hotel in Mexico and we really enjoyed it !All the requirements for a quick visit of Mexico city are there:- Mexico is a huge city with many places to see and this hotel is at 5 minutes from the Zocalo, 5 min from the centro historico and 2 very close metro stations are in the area.- The hotel in itself is very nice, the staff is multilingual speaking and the room was very clean and well agenced. The bathroom is also very nice and quite big. - The restaurant of the hotel serves very good breakfast for honest prices and the evenig you can also eat there correctly and have a quite light bill. - other services are available : travel agency, security boxes in the reception, internet for 10 pesos per 15 minutes and the reception can keep your luggages if you are away for your last day...  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sully1
<Content>Rooms to small I stayed there for 3 nights with 3 of my adult boys. We had one room with 2 beds. The room was priced at an excellent price of only 68 dollars per night. The bathroom was very clean but very small. The toliet was crammed in the corner with very little room to stretch your feet. The room was so small that we had absolutely no room to put our suit cases. Only two drawers in the entire room. The worst part of the room was the beds and pillow. The beds were very, very hard. It was like sleeping on an ironing board. The pillows were very bad. They were like sleeping on sand bags. You could not even fold the pillow in half. All of my boys liked the hotel except for the very small room and the awful pillows and beds. We might of just been in a room that had not been updated for many years. Very nice cafe in the loby of the hotel. Great security within the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SueQuinn
<Content>Hotel Catedral a Great Value We changed our hotel plans to Hotel Catedral based on TripAdvisor's reviews, and are very glad we did. We paid under $300 for the five nights, with a 10% discount for paying in cash (US or Mexican).We were in Mexico City July 21-26, 06. Hotel Catedral is an excellent location from which to explore the Zocalo area, Templo Mayor and its museo,  an easy taxi ride to Chapultepec Park sites. The hotel restaurant is quite good; great  reasonable breakfasts; attentive staff.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glenwcan
<Content>I can see why everyone likes this place... I just spent one night at Hotel Catedral. It is in a great location only 2 blocks from the Zocalo - just behind the cathedral. The street it is on is pretty boring, however, with mainly bookstores. You have to walk to the Zocalo to find restaurants and shops.The staff were very pleasant and the room was a huge surprise. It looked like it had been recently redecorated, with new carpet, drapes, bathroom tiles, king size bed, etc. It was as nice as many places I have paid double or triple for... and at $373 pesos a night ($35 USD), I thought it was excellent value.I know where I'll be staying next time I go to Mexico City!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gfresh
<Content>The hotel was great This hotel was great for the money clean , good resturant great staff well worth it and location is great also  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elirodri3
<Content>Great food! When we first made reservations we were not expecting such a great place for the money excellent location they even have tours all over mexico that leave daily right from the hotel lobby not to mention their food was marvelous. The only down side was that every weekend there are very loud parties. All we did was call the lobby and they exchanged our room. They were all very courteous.Location... Location!!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spudnik
<Content>Good value, good location, but decor stuck in the 70's My wife and I stayed here in April and found the Catedral perfect for our needs. We got a room with a jacuzzi for about 60 bucks a night. The hotel is perfectly situated behind the Zocalo and is an ideal base to set off from to see the sights of Mexico City. The city tour bus terminus is a 2 minute walk from the hotel. The interior of the hotel is still stuck in the late 70's early 80's, but, if like us you are looking for value in a central location, then interiors of hotels aren't of great importance. While it is a bit dated, the Catedral was spotlessly clean with friendly staff.El DF can seem a bit daunting, but being central meant we were thrown staright into the hustle and bustle and found it easy to pick up the pace of life there. Right outside the hotel there's a hectic market that gets packed and is an ideal place to immerse yourself in the madness of Mexico City.The food in the restaurant was ok, not great, but, certainly not bad and we had no complaints. There's also a travel agency in the lobby where tours to Teotihuacan can be organised. This was closed for Semana Santa when we were there and we would adivse shopping around for the best pricews for tours.The one drawback, is that there didn't seem to be a lot of bars or restaurtants in the area and we weren't adventerous on out first nights in Mexico to go much further than the central area.We'd definately go back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brasileirinha
<Content>Good Value We've stayed at the hotel just for 2 nights and we've got a suite with jacuzzi for a very good price. And if you pay in cash, there is still a discount.Room was big, clean and confortable. It did not face the street so we had no problems with noise. Staff was very friendly and helpful.The hotel is in the historic center, which is very charming with beautiful buildings and churches, and in a short walking distance to the metro and monuments.We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous value for the money (but can be really noisy) The room itself was pretty much on par with a nice Holiday Inn, and there are upgrades that are more spacious than the standard room. The lobby was very nice with a running fountain and marble stairs and looked rather upscale. The staff were all excellent and most spoke very good english - one girl at reception was even a native speaker. The cabbies the hotel called for us were prompt, reasonably priced, safe and trustworthy (one even dropped off a sweater I'd left in his car!) Overall, we were floored at how inexpensive the place was, especially considering that it is in the absolute heart of the historic center, and very easy to access. Also, the restaurant in the lobby is very good for breakfast. Drawbacks - if your room is facing the Zocalo, you could be in for a very noisy night, as Mexican street parties can last into the wee hours, as we just found out. Also, we had to change rooms when a TON of young people (late teens) moved into the hotel for the night and partied with great vigor for hours. The hotel wanted to go tell them to quiet down, but we just said we preferred to change rooms and , luckily, our new room was an upgrade! Despite the noise, I'd definitely go back, as the value is just incredible for the money and, well, location, location, location!Note - the subway is a breeze to use in Mex City, plus it's so cheap it's nearly free. I found the best rate for exchange was at the airport, where you can compare the prices of maybe 12 different exchange booths and pick the best one. The hotel exchange rate, for example, was 11 pesos for a dollar, whereas I got 11.41 at the airport (no commission). However, the hotel rate was STILL far better than my own bank was offering here in California, and the hotel was a very convenient, safe place to exchange money.Finally, there is a FABULOUS Swiss-Italian restaurant in the Zona Rosa, that we highly recommend. The food was awesome and the service and decor were very, very nice. You can feel very comfortable in casual clothes, while still feeling like you're eating out at a quality place. I can't remember the name, but it was listed by name and address only in the cruddy little city guide they hand out at the airport. Good luck finding it, as it was GREAT!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>metrowmn
<Content>Nice small hotel I stayed at the Hotel Catadral in March of 06 with my 11 year old son. I found the staff helpful and friendly, especially with my son. While I would not say the room or accomodations were fancy, they were clean and basic. The only complaint I would have is that there was only one outlet in the room that was used for the TV and it was not very accessable. The restuaraunt was decent and the location was right in the centro historico. There were some areas a within a few blocks that I would caution venturing out to but all in all a good location, convenient to all.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NWong
<Content>Great value, location! After two days staying at the luxurious (and pricey) Camino Real Chapultapec, I moved to the Hotel Catedral. Frankly I expected to be disapointed, moving from luxury to thrift, but was very pleasantly surprised with Hotel Catedral. I stayed in a suite - really just a regular room, with a sofa. The best part of the room was the jacuzzi tub. Not all the jets worked at full force, but after miles of walking each day, the tub was wonderful. The lobby was pleasant and well maintained, as was the rest of the hotel. While there was no air-conditioning and it was 80 degrees, there was a pleasant breeze and the room was very comfortable with just the ceiling fan. Room service was a nice convenience, with reasonable prices and food. Only a couple of blocks from the Zocolo (what a place to be for the Mexico/Argentina World Cup game!) and the wonderful Cafe Tacuba, the hotel has a great location. Also nearby is the stop for the terrific Turibus. I highly recommend the hotel!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tjbanerji
<Content>Fantastic location, best value, great for kids Having read through many tripadvisor reviews, my husband and I decided on the Hotel Catedral as the place to stay for 8 nights (June 5-13) during our vacation with our two young daughters. We were not disappointed. Our double bed room was quite comfortable with space for a crib at $518 MXN ($50 CDN) a night incl taxes, when paid in cash or traveller's cheques. Very clean and well-kept, with purified water from a separate tap. The room was just as it appears on the website. Our bathroom was spacious with a tiled shower stall. With our room being on the 4th floor next to the inner courtyard, we had no problems with noise whatsoever. We enjoyed a wide selection of breakfast meals each day at the hotel restaurant. They have high chairs and TVs to watch FIFA World Cup. Very friendly and prompt service every time. The internet connection was $10 pesos for 15 min, and was quick and reliable. The hotel staff were always there to open doors, carry luggage, help the girls up the front stairs--excellent service, indeed!But above all the favorable features I listed, you cannot beat the location. We thought of staying near the Zona Rosa, but were so happy to have chosen the Historic Center instead. The Z贸calo and historic sites are just around the corner from the hotel, which alone is worth a few days of sightseeing (at least!). There are many specialized local shops in the immediate area, and the Dept stores Liverpool and El Palacio de Hierro are a 5 min walk away. Fantastic restaurants all within a few blocks--do not miss the Hoster铆a de Santo Domingo. The Metro is so handy and easy to use, only a few minutes walk through the Z贸calo crowds, and the Turibus stop is even closer. Note that the Turibus does not operate on Mondays, as most museums and sites are closed. It was a breathtaking sight each evening as we walked through the Z贸calo to get back to the hotel. We did not feel unsafe at all, but then again did not venture out past 9 PM.To see the pyramids and Basilica, we hired a private taxi through the hotel for the day at $700 pesos and had no problems at all. The taxi to the airport took only 25 min (8 AM on a Tuesday for $100 pesos). Overall, we loved our stay in Mexico City and would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>psychtobe
<Content>a real treasure We stayed here in early June for 4 nights. We expected a small but plain hostel-like hotel, but instead got a surprisingly charming and nicely-appointed little gem!The location is superb for those who want to be near the Zocalo. 5 minutes to the Zocalo metro station, and a wonderful view of the rear of the Catedral itself. You are a short walk to all of the major Zocalo attractions inlcuding the plaza, the Palacio nacional, the Templo Mayor, the catedral, and the street markets. The area felt comletely safe to me and my wife, even as late as midnight. There are a surprising number of people around, and activities of all kinds at all hours. We watched a few election rallies in the Plaza, Aztec dancers, street vendors, beggars, etc. The area is a little gritty on some streets, including the street the Hotel is on, so keep that in mind if you want chic surroundings.The lobby is clean and sharp with a lot of marble. There is a small travel agent desk and 2 internet computers (30 pesos/hour). There is a nice fountain in the lobby.The staff was friendly and helpful if not effusively so. I mostly spoke Spanish with them, although several of the staff do speak English. They called cabs for me and pointed me to various restaurants, etc. Gave us a late checkout without resistance, and took care of the bill quickly.We had a junior suite, with king bed and Jacuzzi tub. Again, we got more than we expected. The bed was very firm, possibly too firm for some people鈥檚 liking. There was a bland but serviceable sofa. The TV got about 10 cable channels, including 1-2 in English. The lighting is mostly recessed halogen spotlights. There is a mirrored closet and quite a bit of storage space. There is a safe in the room but it doesn鈥檛 work, you have to use the safe boxes at the front desk. The bathroom was in good condition, and in particular the shower/tub was large, clean, with good water pressure and nice lighting. There is a tap for agua purificada on the vanity.The room was on the interior courtyard, so very quiet. Occasionally we heard a few dishes rattling from the kitchen, but that did not bother us. We slept with the windows open and the fan on and were very comfortable.The room service was unobtrusive and complete. One light bulb went out one day and they changed it that night, without our asking. We left 20-30 pesos daily as a gratuity.There are 2 small terraces on the 7th floor of the hotel, which are beautiful and calm in the evenings. Views of the back of the Catedral as well as of other parts of the city. It鈥檚 not fancy but it was also never crowded. I found it very relaxing.We paid 577 pesos per night, which includes tax and the 10% discount for paying in cash. At the current exchange rate of 11:1, that works out to about 52 dollars per night, an absolute steal in my opinion.Overall, I will definitely be back the next time I go to Mexico City. The only major downsides for some will be the location near the Zocalo (not in a more touristy area). For me that was a major plus, and allowed us to get a cross-section of working class Mexican society.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>randaja
<Content>Enjoyed it so much, we went back We stayed at the Hotel Catedral on the recommendation of friends who had stayed there and owe them big time for the recommendation. We stayed for four nights while touring Mexico City and ended up going back three weeks later for our last night before flying out of Mexico. Great value for the price. The rooms are above average for this price range. The staff is friendly and helpful. There is a restaurant and internet access. The rooftop terrace is a bonus as we did not want to go out at night. The location is excellent, right behind the main cathedral. Lots to see right in the area and the Turibus leaves from one block away. There is also a Metro station one block away.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>apfelwein
<Content>Clean and very convenient The Hotel Catedral is ideally located for some of the key tourist attractions in Mexico City. It is right behind the cathedral just a couple of minutes from the Zocalo.The staff were efficient (though I wouldn't call them friendly). The rooms were modern and clean and very quiet. We had one meal in the coffee shop on the ground floor and the food and service were good.All in all very good value for money. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location       Street market  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but area could be better Stayed here in feb 2006, the hotel itself is nice, clean the staff are friendly and is very close to the zocola. the only drawback is that it can get quite lonely in that area at night and was not recommended to go to the area behind the hotel. if i had to go back i would stay in street of 5 Mayo or one of its parallels. Its the same distance to the Zocola but is more lit up and is somewhat more alive at night (at night it is quite dead in that area in general)  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Find You may be put off when you arrive to this Hotel at 2 a.m. from the airport. The downtown is a drab place at that time, with hookers on every corner. Fortunately there is the Hotel catedral, a safe, clean place, with someone at the desk 24/7. The Hotel is excellently located, the downtown area improves greately during the day and in the evening. We never felt unsafe in Mexico City. As a bonus, the Hotel is located right on the edge of what might be world's largest street market, where all streets east, north east and south east turn into a huge daily market. Weekends are bussiest.We found the hotel to be quiet, clean and safe, with staff being pleasant and helpful.Heavy and dark window shades kept the room cool. There was purified water tap in the bathroom.Some rooms have bathtubs, most have showers, so look around and choose what you like.We really appreciated the roof patio. The downtown Mexico offer very few places to sit down and relax, so it was nice to be able to come home and take a breath outside. Sipping beer at night on the patio was great too. Patio is on the 7th floor.Rooms on the 7th floor are hottest, being the highest, so if you want to be close to the patio, go for the 6th floor.Night taxi ride from the airport took 15 minutes, and going back to the airport at 6.30 p.m. took 25 minutes. The hotel arranged a taxi, although it was a private car, not an official taxi, at a cost of 120 pesos ($11).  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rojo-amigo
<Content>great location but noisy I spent a week at this hotel.If your main requirement is location, location then this is a great spot. One block from the zocalo, the turibus and the subway/metro.It is noisy with only single pane windows and a ceiling fan with 2 settings (off/hurricane). The electrical outlets are minimal (bathroom and behind the TV). The beds are very firm. The restaurant is decent and ask for the waiter pancho/packo if you only speak English. Taxi from airport to hotel is 127 pesos and 100 pesos from hotel to airport.Go around the corner to the Hostel Catedral to arrange your tours. Very good prices and great guides.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HorridToad
<Content>Outstanding Outstanding location with close underground station, very tastefully decorated lobby, helpful staff with no communication problems at desk, phone or email, separate tour desk, free email for guests, clean, spacious rooms with nice baths. Nice views from the north and south rooftop terraces. We stayed on the top floor and it was quiet. Hotel restaurant is not outstanding but adaquate. Great restaurants are only a short walk away. Free underground parking. 10% cash discount. Staff answers email promptly. Good web site. A great place to come home to after a full day of sightseeing A first class hotel at an economical price in one of the world's leading cities.When searching on the net, spelling is Hotel Catedral  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Great value, great location, great little hotel" I read many reviews about Hotel Catedral on this site and also on the Hotel Catedral site, before booking my stay there earlier this year.We were at this hotel for 3 nights at our arrival at Mexico city at the end of january 2006 and also 2 nights 2 weeks later. We found Hotel Catedral to be a great little hotel for all the reasons cited in other reviews. As mentionned on others reviews, ask for a room on a high floor on the interior, and you'll be shielded from noise. There are two balconies on the 7th floor for overlooking the Catedral area and the city, also a great place to have a drink or just watch the sun set of this area. The hotel also offer a very good exchange rate for your money (US or Euros), better than at the bank or the airport. The restaurant and the bar were excellently priced and the food very tasty.I very highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I will definately stay there again, if I return.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Great Value We heard of this small clean hotel from friends in Canada and were very pleased with its proximity to the entire historic area. We were just a block from the Zocalo (main square)and Cathedral, the Templo Major, and many other highlights. The front street is filled with flea market vendors so it was not possible in the mid afternoon to drive the taxi to the front entrance. We changed rooms twice on our arrival and ended up with a nice, quiet room. Very reasonably priced and a 10% discount if paying cash so we'd certainly return.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything You Could Want In A Central Location Great location, whether you are arriving by taxi, metro or on foot- it's right next to all the tourist action! Spotlessly clean, white towels, soap, drinking water on tap, helpful reception staff, a buzzy, busy vibe, safe deposit boxes and restaurant/bar on site (with ultra-frindly staff). There is a 7-11 two blocks away, for those who arrive late, and lots of breakfast places close by. I agree that it's a total osais of calm after the craziness that is the centro historico. For new arrivals in Mexico, it's a nice gentle way to ease yourself in!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>telebikun
<Content>Best value in the Centro Historico       The handsome old building directly across the street from our room at the Hotel Catedral  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value We have stayed at this hotel now on three different occasions. What it lacks for in charm, it more than makes up for in service and convenience. Definitely an oasis in Mexico City. Some rooms have a very nice view of the cathedral, a two minute walk away. Clean, pleasant, modern, with a bright and attractive lobby with pretty polished stone and brass- a relief after a hectic day of sightseeing. We appreciated the travel agent in the lobby, the restaurant, and their very friendly service. An excellent value. We will definitely stay here again the next time we are passing through Mexico City.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cooperllc
<Content>Great value, great location, great little hotel We were here for one night and found Hotel Catedral to be a great little hotel for all the reasons cited in other reviews: excellent value, spotlessly clean, great bathroom, potable water on tap, nice and affordable restaurant, secure, and the cleanest starched white cotton sheets I've slept on in a long time. Very simple decor. Ask for a room on a high floor on the interior, and you'll be shielded from noise but get some light.The downsides are as previously noted: that nightclub club was still raging on a Friday night, and the street was abandoned and dark by 9 pm, and did not look safe to this woman or her teenagers. Still, I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice clean hotel Nice clean hotel and helpful staff. One consideration should be made if you are looking for a room that over looks the Catedral: We asked for a 'Catedral view' room which was great until about 10pm when music started blaring from bar a very close to the back of the hotel, we had to sleep with ear plugs which was not comfortable, not sure if this music is only at the weekends as we were only here on Friday and Saturday. Hotel Catedral is a much nicer hotel located near the Zocala than the other hotel which we stayed at in the same area, We ventured out night and did not feel uncomfortable. Would return but not to one of the back rooms  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moreya
<Content>Best value in Mexico City We booked into the Hotel Catedral based on the information availabe on the Trip Advisor.We stayed at the hotel from Nov. 18 to 25th and found it to be even better than described. The only complaint we had was that the suite was not available when we arrived at 6AM, howeveer they went our of there way to make sure that we were in the room by 7AM.This hotel should be rated at least a 4 star and at 590 pesos for the Junior suites, is the best bargain in Mexico city. (now 635 Pesos but still a bargain.The restaurant in the hotel is very good and inexpensive. Ask for Cesare who speaks much better English than we did Spanish and trys to help as much a possible.We have travelled estensively around the world and would rate this hotel as one of the best unless you want to stay in the $400 dollar a day Hyatts and that type of hotel.By the way the photos shown on the hotel's web site are honest.Morey  Fern Anderson, Comox, British Columbia  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>value for money Hotel Catedral offers superior value for money. We paid about 430 pesos for a room with two double beds. The room was clean and modern, the beds comfortable. I liked having potable water on tap. The staff is efficient, if not especially friendly. We found the location, relative to the Zocalo, to be very convenient, but we didn't walk the adjacent streets at night. The restaurant was good, excellent service, and like the hotel itself, reasonably priced. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Poots-UK
<Content>Brilliant location, great hotel         
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fred bass
<Content>Excellent hotel at a bargain price in city centre Very good location just a block away from the cathedral and the Zocalo on a small street. Very good value. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms were large with very good bathrooms. Our rooms had views and one had a small balcony. Roof top terrace with great views. Very efficient restaurant with lots of choice for breakfast and evening meals, all very good value and good food  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jockeygirl
<Content>Good Stay We stayed at the Cathedral before leaving MexicoEverything was fine except the pillows a bit hardBreakfast was good and the limousine that took us to the airport was immaculate and only cost us $12 The room cost was 432pesos (cash) no complaints at this one, would definetly stay again  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clearly overrated Me and my girlfriend stayed there 18th - 21th and 29th - 31th of august 2005.Positive things:- Close to the Z贸calo and the metro- Nice, clean and good looking bathrooms with good showers- They can order good taxis - civilian cars with professional drivers for a good price- OK exhange rates (dollar - mexican pesos)- Their oats with warm milk and natural granola with cold milk tasted good.Negative things:- The area behind and away from the cathedral, streets like republica de Brasil, are considered as Bad streets when it gets dark and the shops close - two local students that we got to know warned us to go there when it was dark. We got robbed 400 metres from the hotel. No problem during the day though.- We stayed in two rooms altogether. The first bathroom had problems with the sink, the other bathroom had a problem with the toilet. We could use them though, so it was more an annoying thing.- No airconditioner, the ceiling fan made the air very dry.- Hard beds and hard pillows. - The englishspeaking channels (3) didn't work. The receptionist told us that the reception got bad when it rained, well the signal didn't get better the remaining 1st time we were there. During our second stay it worked initially but when it started raining the same thing happened again.- Different staff in the reception all the time. You get a really big key to your room that you return to the reception when you leave the hotel. Doesn't feel safe that you just can go up and ask for your hotelkey and the receptionist, who might never have met you before, just hands it over to you without any kind of ID-check.- The hotellogo is on the key that you recieve to your safetybox, your safetyboxnumber aswell; no ID-check when you want to look into your safetybox. Imagine what can happen if your key got stolen or lost...- One of the restaurant staff stole money from us. We ordered for 110 pesos, payed with 200 pesos and thought we'd get 90 pesos back. The waiter came in with a plate with 9 carefully places piles of coins. Two 5 pesos coins in each pile except one. Underneath that one was a 2 pesos coin instead, totally 87 pesos. 3 pesos is nothing, but it's just disappointing. We gave him the usual tip anyway. - Plasticflowers everywhere- Weren't impressed with the food; they put oil in the hot chocolate for example.Final words - We had read most reviews here about this hotel and got disappointed when we got there. We've travelled to many countries in america, europe and asia and we consider it a 2 star hotel, at least with european standards, and as such it's pretty ok. Just don't have too high expectations.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value!       Location of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fancyschmancy
<Content>great price and location This is the perfect find for travelers who want convenience and value. Several things make this hotel worthwile. The location to the metro and the Zocolo, including several museums makes it unnecessary to worry about getting a cab. Other reviewers noted this as a negative, but unless your going out of town, the metro is great! Clean and very fast. Just don't try to ride it during the peak times to avoid large crowds. We rode it several times and had no problems. You can't beat the $.20 price. The hotel's one downfall is that the service if you should need assistance while in you room was not the quickest. My friends needed toliet paper and it took the bell man 1 hour to bring it to them. Also, we had some very loud guests across the hall from us with their children running up and down the hallways. I called to complain 2 times and it still took them 40 minutes to come up and tell them to quiet down and close their door. Other than that, it is a great value, especially if you pay with cash. They give a 10% discount off the posted rate, so our double room was 430 pesos. Not bad at all! When the hotel did call us a cab, it was twice as much as any other car we took our entire trip, so just know that in advance. Also, the morning of our flight, we arranged the service to pick us up at 4:30 a.m. but they didn't come until 5, so arrange for them to be their BEFORE you would like to leave. We arrived very late and left very early to avoid the traffic. I would recommend you do the same since we saw traffic gridlocked forever from our hotel room on one afternoon.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>friendofmitzi
<Content>Great value in Mexico City We had a nice sized room with double beds. The rooms were clean. The biggest problem in the room was the lack of wattage in the light bulbs. Not really enough light to comfortably read. The bathroom suffered from this too. Not much of a view, but I didn't expect one. The bathroom was roomy, and the shower had great pressure and very hot water. We ate in the restaurant one morning for breakfast. It was adequate, but we never went back to it.They say that there is a charge for the internet in the lobby, but we never did get charged. Even though there were only 2 computers, we could always get on when we wanted. The fact that you cannot just hail a cab in the city makes life difficult. The staff will call a car for you, but one day we waited half an hour for the car. The cars don't want to come down Donceles because of traffic. Twice we went running down the street with the bellman to get into a car. We always worked out a time for the driver to pick us up and return to the hotel, so we would not have to call.The staff at the hotel can speak some English, but it is limited. They do try, but they are very busy. There is no concierge, so you deal with the desk staff for anything that you might need. For the money this hotel was great. The ceiling fan kept the room cool. It was realtively quiet. We thought there was lots to do in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Emmos
<Content>Great location, nice staff, nice room Spent two nights in the hotel after my horrid flight from London. V comfortable bed. Nice bathroom. Great location. Staff were friendly. Thought the prices were very good too. Only complaints was didn't havea great view our of my window - but in the centre of Mexico City and when you're as jetlagged as I was, wasn't a problem.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SnCollins
<Content>Great hotel for the money!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rest at the Catedral! I stayed at the Hotel Catedral for 3 nights in June, having just spent three weeks on the road (a fun but exhausting tour of Mexico!). I was in desperate need of clean and quiet accomodation - and I certainly got it at this Hotel.Positives - incredibly clean, safe and yes, one tiny block away from the Catedral. Close to everything.Some negatives - little character, and some of the staff are not particularly helpful. I recommend that you NOT dine at the restaurant - they didn't have the choices that I wanted when I was there and I had the feeling that the food was simply re-heated from the previous day.But....this Hotel is not number 3 in the whole of Mexico City for no reason - I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mimijo63
<Content>Great Stay Great stay at this hotel. We originally spent 2 nights in another hotel that was twice the cost, with no air conditioning, hard bed and very loud!!! We had no sleep for 2 nights and this was a welcome change!!! This hotel was a great deal for the price, nice little restaurant with a waiter that gave us good info. Air conditioning was WONDERFUL after having none in other hotel!!!! Friendly staff and clean.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>IowaBassplayer
<Content>Great Location, fantastic personnel We have stay at the Catedral Hotel many times in the past. We visit Mexico City every January, since it is the city of my birth. The great price of the the rooms, the friendly efficient staff, the good restaurant,and location, make this hotel an excellant choice. As I can see from the number of reviews this Hotel is getting, it will not be a secret much longer. There is much to see around the area The Cathedral is very nice, the Presidential Palace is open to the public, not to miss the Temple Major and Museum next to the Cathedral. A walk of about 4 or 5 blocks toward the Latin American tower and you are at the Palace of Bella Artes, home of the ballet Folklorico. A great place to explore. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swatts
<Content>Good, if overrated This was a good hotel, but not as great as I had imagined from the reviews here.The Positives:-Excellent location, one block from the Zocalo-Good price (for its location)-Friendly, helpful staff-They will store your bags for you after you check out.-Clean (though not spotless)-Nice view from rooftop terrace and select rooms-Adjoining restaurant (though the food there is very average)-Can change money at a good rate-Internet access available (but pricey)The Negatives:-No air conditioning!!! Sleep was difficult, as the room was warm and stuffy. The fan helped circulate the warm air, but not cool it.-No non-smoking rooms. Though not oppressive, you can detect a faint stench in some of the fabrics.-The junior suites are not suites, have no view, cost more, and add nothing but a larger bathtub. If you plan on spending lots of time bathing, fork out the extra cash, otherwise take a cheaper room with a view.-Safe deposit boxes not always available. One room, one box? No. The first time we requested one, they told us they were out and to check back later. So we walked around town with all our money, cards and passports on us--not cool.This hotel deserves four stars. I gave it three because I detest being forced to stay in a smoking room. Still, I'd consider staying here again for the location alone.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CharlotteC
<Content>Loved this hotel! What a deal!!!       View from my balcony  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gaviota2
<Content>Great Stay at Hotel Catedral!! My husband and I decided to stay in Hotel Catedral based on the price and excellent reviews. It was an excellent choice!! We stayed for five days and the hotel was very clean, centrally located and the staff very friendly. We order room service from the restaurant and the food was good and affordable. As mentioned before, if you pay cash you get an extra 10% discount and also their currency exchange was the most favorable one. Just be careful when walking down Donceles Steet since it gets very busy during the day and lonely at night time. Please be aware that the travel agency at the hotel lobby is expensive and you can get much better deals just around the corner in the Catedral Hostel travel agency. We'll definetly go back to this hotel in our next trip to Mexico City!!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Catedral in late April 2005. We found it to be 20-25 minutes from the airport. The hotel is simple but clean and the staff was kind and professional. The humidity of Mexico City was difficult without a/c but the ceiling fans helped alot. The restaurant was excellently priced and the food very tasty. The service was great and I recommend if you use the restaurant, ask for the waiter named Hugo. He'll be there 3-11. He proved to be very attentive to our needs and gave service beyond compare. The doormen are always available to help or assist. The car we parked in the attended car lot below the hotel was accidently left unlocked for three days and nothing came up missing. The rooms are clean, fairly large and very quiet. I will definately be staying at this hotel on our next visit to La Ciudad de Mexico. I recommend this hotel and restaurant to all for a pleasant, worry-free stay.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daddo
<Content>An excellent value without sacrificing We checked almost all of the hotel reviews for Mexico City on this and other sites, and felt we could not ignore the enthusiam of others for such a modestly-priced hotel.The location is great, the hotel was clean and the staff helpful. Even my reservation was there, although the confirmation of it was not as clear as we wished.Our two night stay was flawless, and the desk personnel happy to make reservations, call cabs, provide directions and maps and all ot the other things that make a visit nice.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoanneR46
<Content>A great place to stay I read every review about Hotel Catedral (which are many) before booking my stay there earlier this year. I continued to read until my departure.I haven't one negative thing to say about this wonderful hotel. I would stay at Hotel Catedral if I ever return to this city.My room was very, very clean. We ate in the restaurant a lot and found the food as good (and sometimes better) than pricier places. The staff goes out of their way to be helpful. The 7th floor balcony overlooking the Catedral area is a great place to have a drink or just watch the sun set of this area.I give it a rate of 100% and then some.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Pleasant Surprise We stayed in the Hotel Cathedral for one night at the end of a Mexican vacation in April 2005. We were just looking for a stopover but were amazed what we got for the price. For 拢40 we were in a room with three double beds that easily accommodated my wife and I with three teenage daughters. We had dinner in the restaurant which was good but breakfast was little disappointing after the excellent food we had elsewhere during our trip. The location is ffantastic and the 7th floor terrace is the perfect place to view Mexico City with a cold drink. There is no AC but the ceiling fans are effective. There is alo a car park beneath the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tonk
<Content>Highly Approved Elizabeth is a Public Health Nurse and therefore is quite critical of hotels and restaurants. She rated the Catedral very high. Neither of us are smokers and always try to book nonsmoking rooms. We noticed that very few Mexicans smoke therefore most of the rooms are free of smoke smell. We especially liked the agua purificada tap in the rooms. We went out walking every night between the Z贸calo and Plaza Alameda . At no time did we ever feel at risk. There are tourist police everywhere. I think this crime problem in the tourist areas of Mex City is a little overrated. We really enjoyed the hotel service and the restaurant. The morning coffee was great. The hotel offers a 10% discount for cash and it is easy to walk down the street to an ATM and pay in cash. We did most of our trips by Metro because you can go all over the city for 20 cents a trip. There are police all over in the Metro so no problems. We had the hotel bell hop get us taxis off the street when we had luggage, wrote down the licence plate and gave it to the bell boy. The fare is one half to one third of what you pay for a cab called by the hotel. We had very courteous drivers. We chose the Catedral because of the recommendations listed by this website. Check out the terrace at Hotel Majestic, el Bar Opera and la Casa Azulejos  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend the Hotel Catedral My husband and I just returned from an eight night stay here, which we quite enjoyed. This hotel is clean, well-situated behind the Z贸calo, and affordable. It compares to most middle-range hotels in the US, but with arguably better service and price. Our room was generally quiet, considering our room was in front of the elevator! The staff is very good -- friendly and helpful. The restaurant is another plus -- good, well-priced food (we had several breakfasts and tasty soup in the evening to nurse our colds), and the servers were also friendly and accommodating. Besides its ideal location within walking distance of numerous interesting sites (Templo Mayor, Cathedral, Z贸calo, National Palace, former National Prep School, the Secretary of Public Education, National Museum of Art, Palace of Fine Arts, etc.), the hotel is on Donceles, a street dotted by used book stores and photography shops. The neighborhood is bustling during the day, and we felt safe there. We didn't go out at night, except for a couple of late dinners at some very good restaurants just five walking minutes from the hotel (M茅xico Viejo, Cafe de Tacuba). For us, the hotel's main drawback is the smoking inside the hotel and restaurant, which don't have sufficient air circulation. Nonetheless, this hotel is excellent, and I highly recommend it to singles, couples, and families.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MexItalian
<Content>Hotel Catedral-Superb My husband  I were here in Feb 2005. We found the rooms, staff, and restaurant to be excellent on all counts. The terrace on the 7th floor was delightful, and the location couldn't have been more convenient! The hotel even gave a better rate of exchange for our US dollars than the banks! Now that's service! fOR $57 USD per night (plus tax) we had a jr. suite with windows on the terrace and a view of the Cathedral - what a sight, especially at night! Thanx to all who recommended this place.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DonnafromPhilly
<Content>What a great hotel at a great price Our group of four ladies stayed at the Hotel Catedral February 19th to the 23rd. This is a very lovely hotel and the service was excellent. They gave us rooms next to each other ( always a plus with a group). The rooms are spotless and brightly decorated. The food at the restaurant was very good for breakfeast ( never got a chance to try the dinners). A little worried the first night, saturday, loud music was coming from somewhere close by, but only that night. The elavators can be slow and sometimes stopped below the floor, so be careful when you go to step out. But that was the only problem that we encountered. Its one block away from the subway or the Touribus. Very convenient location. Thank you to everyone who wrote a review. Best bargin in Mexico City!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelingmike
<Content>Excellent for everyone I visited Mexico the month of February 2005, and I had two oportunities to stay at this hotel. I doubt that you can find as good as a deal for your money in Mexico City. Good things about this hotel:- Nice lobby for an inexpensive hotel- Very friendly staff (I am sure they were working for my tips, but nonetheless)- Comfortable, Clean rooms- Nice, and clean completely tiled bathrooms with plenty of hot water- Quiet- Located at the Zocalo- Excellent price - Had a small room for $380 pesos a night, but I ended up only paying $345.50 due to a discount by paying in cash which ended up being about $33.00 in US dollars at the time.Negatives were:- No AC, but each room has a good ceiling fan.- I have a very keen since of levelness of flooring, and I noticed that both rooms had sloping floors, but most people would not detect this.- Internet access was a little pricey, but around the block at the hostel they, also, own it is 1/2 the cost.I very highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I will definately stay here again, if I return. I hope this review helps everyone, and I encourage anyone using tripadvisor to share their experience to help all of us fellow travelers.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Catedral a MUST Hotel Catedral is a must for exploring the Zocalo area.Perfectly clean and convenient, the reception staff speak good English and there are two computers in the lobby with fast access to the internet.I have just come back from a week there, staying longer than I planned to because I was so taken with the city. At US$40 a night, this hotel is hard to beat for excellent value.Ask for a room with a view and make sure you offer to pay cash - you'll get 10% off.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prance
<Content>Great Hotel         
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the hotel 4 days at the end of June 2004. The location of the hotel is fabulous and provides easy access to turist attractions, subway buses and taxi. Staff were most helpful in provinding us with information, directions, tips on what to avoid, etc. The restaurant was very good and service friendly and generous.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madawaska2
<Content>We'll be back! We stayed at the Hotel Catedral for 8 nights and except for the ashtrays in the lobby, hallways and rooms encouraging smoking, we would highly recommend this hotel!The staff are truly accommodating, and, overall, the facilities are excellent. We found the hotel to be quiet and comfortable, and had a wonderful time exploring the Zocalo /Centro Historico on foot and the Basilica of the Virgen of Guadalupe, Frida Kahlo's house, Xochimilco and Museo Nacional de Antropologia and Castillo de Chapultepec by Metro (subway).One of the best parts of this location, is that after a long day of sightseeing, you can rest up a bit and then take a stroll in any direction from the hotel and come across an amazing variety of stores and street vendors selling everything from antique books to fresh orange juice.Bob  Juan  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very adequate....a value We had a great stay here over Xmas and New years. The location was great.....the security was seguro. ..... and the access to the mercado was grewat for Xmas shopping.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy, never again!!! We decided to stay at the Catedral at Xmas 04 based upon the reviews posted on this site. The location as they say, is fantastic, two blocks from the zocolo. Unfortunately construction work in the hotel restaurant was very noisy and continued late into the night. We complained several times and it was very difficult to get the management to stop the noise so that we could sleep. They woke us up again at 6.45 AM with loud hammering just below our room. There are several other comparable hotels in the area such as the Gillow which come well recommended.. I would not stay at the Catedral again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ampy
<Content>Thanks to all who recommended Hotel Catedral We just returned from Mexico City...Nov 24 to Nov 27...we took the advice of many trip advisors and stayed in Hotel Catedral at the Zocalo...we are very grateful ..my husband, 30 year old son and I were given a nice clean room with 2 double beds..we paid $ 48 a day, a real bargain, for the 3 of us...the hotel is walking distance to many points of interest in the Zocalo...although some trip advisors wrote that it was noisy at night, it was quiet in our side of the hotel and we slept very soundly...staff was courteous and helpful...TV was colored and had 2 or 3 English channels...no aircon, only ceiling fan but temperature was okay in late November..bathroom was clean with big bath towels, soap and shampoo..there was a faucet with purified water, safe for brushing teeth.... 2 REMINDERS: please bring your own hand and face towels, also, put the bath towels on the floor or the sink so that the cleaning woman will giveyou fresh towels the next day...free safe deposit box where we kept our passports, tickets and money...nice, cheap restaurant downstairs....plenty of hangers in the closet...we brought our own bottles of water to drink...but they have very good orange,grapefruit, papaya, and carrot juices, cheap too....the coffee was too strong for us....we paid 175 pesos for taxi from the airport to the hotel and 100 pesos from the hotel back to the airport..please do not get the tours from the hotel, they are expensive...instead walk about 2 short blocks to the hostel on the Zocalo to get the cheap tours there...the best way to travel is by metro, 2 pesos, fast , but please be very careful with your wallets....we went by metro to the Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe, 3 transfers to the northern section of Mexico City...taxis and buses are slower because of the traffic....remember to take the red double decker bus that will take you on a tour around the city for 3 hours, 100 pesos, worth it. we rode on the top and enjoyed it...we ate at the rooftop of Majestic Hotel close by and found the view of the Zocalo very nice from the terrace...but we were so disappointed with the food at Majestic, bad, soggy, and poorly presented ( dinner ) and expensive...food was better at the Hotel Catedral....we recommend Mexican Viejo Restaurant, about 1 block from the Square...brunch was buffet, eat all you can for 65 pesos, a real steal....we enjoyed shopping at the square but we haggled, about less than half their quoted price...I bought a lot of good stuff for Christmas gifts...again, please take care that you check the items you purchase for damages...we were extra careful not to buy food from sidewalk vendors ...we brought face masks ( for pollution ) and imodium ( for diarrhea) but did not use them, thank God....Trip Advisor, thank you for making our trip to Mexico City an affair to remember..........  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for money We just loved the hotel and will not hesitate to recommend it. My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Catedral and loved the location in the historical part of the city. The lobby was nice and we enjoyed the roof terrace very much. We ate in the restaurant two nights and found the food and prices very good. We even had inexpensive wine from Chile. The people at the front desk were very helpful. Our stay was in the beginning of Nov 2004.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MelandJohn'sholiday
<Content>Totally worth the Price! Three of us stayed at the Hotel Catedral in the 鈥淶ocalo鈥?this past October (2004) for 7 days. If you're traveling to Mexico City and are planning to visit the local sites, then this is the perfect location. It is within walking distance of the main 鈥淐atedral鈥?(block away), Temple Mayor, Latin America Tower, Alameda Park, Palace of Fine Arts, President鈥檚 Palace to name a few. For other local attractions, the subway is right across from the Catedral and is very accessible, safe and inexpensive. The hotel staff (front desk, house cleaning and restaurant) are friendly, very courteous and helpful with all requests, and will go out of their way to remember your likes and dislikes. The hotel is very CLEAN and up to date with modern conveniences ie. internet access!!! Dealing with the Concierge was probably our biggest frustration, but that was more of a language barrier鈥?.most native Mexicans do NOT speak English (at all), and we forgot our Spanish/English dictionary at home. The tours from the Hotel were very reasonable priced, and I highly recommend going to the pyramids (approx $33/US; Shrine of Guadalupe  Pyramids 鈥?10am-6:30 pm tour)! The 鈥淗otel Catedral鈥?is not a Hilton, but it鈥檚 definitely comparable to a Sheraton 4 Points. The price was amazing! I would stay there again without a second of hesitation!On an aside if you鈥檙e planning to shop in the markets/street vendors 鈥?take a little calculator 鈥?you can barter on it very effectively! Also, at the information desk in the main Catedral (church), you should ask to go up the bell towers 鈥?although the tour is all in Spanish, the experience of being in the bell towers and walking across the roof will take your breath away!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dbltrbl05
<Content>recommend it highly! we stayed at hotel catedral for three nights, nov. 1 - 3/04. it had been recommended by friends, and we were extremely happy there. as many others before me have commented, this place is a steal, as well as being the real deal. service at the front desk is courteous and helpful. we were in room 512, and used the stairs every day. one note - what they call the 5th floor is actually the 6th floor, as what they call the 1st floor is what we would call the 2nd!here are a few random observations -- we ate at the hotel restaurant several times. breakfasts were pretty good, but beware that sausages are actually wieners. you might be better off asking for ham or bacon, with your eggs. one night we wanted just grilled fish, vegetables and rice. we asked if they could prepare that for us, and they did. it was delicious...about $10US each. we laughed about how they charged for bread. they always put bread on the table, and would sometimes charge us, whether we had any or not. we couldnt figure it out, but it was no biggie, so we didnt call them on it.one morning, at breakfast, i put my purse on the floor beside my chair. the server immediately brought me a small stand, like a coat stand, and hung my purse on it. he explained that it is bad luck to put purses or knapsacks on the floor. the funny thing is that he could have put it on one of the spare chairs, since there were two spare chairs at our table.- the taxi cost 175 pesos from the airport to the hotel, but only 100 from the hotel to the airport- thx to those who recommended the red double decker bus tour! we thoroughly enjoyed it. as mentioned, it is a three-hour tour, with hop on and off privileges. we made it last the entire day. we made only one long stop, however, at chapultepec park. we loved it! we visited the zoo, the museum of anthropology and the castle. all must-sees. - the only english station on TV is CNN. it came in handy for watching the US presidential election on nov. 2.- i always take extra hangers cause i like to hang most of my clothing. there were more hangers than i have ever seen at a hotel, anywhere!- there is a tap in the bathroom (to the right of the sink) that provides purified water. i didnt chance it. i drank only bottled water, but im sure its safe.and now for a little anecdote. i have to admit i was a bit worried about safety in mexico city. that said, we felt very safe whenever we went outside, although we werent out extremely late at night. we rode the subway, which was efficient and fairly easy to navigate. what i want to share with you was what happened on our first evening out...this was the conversation between my husband and me -me: walk behind me, in case i get mugged.him: what if i get mugged?me: better you than me!hehein summary, thx to everyone for the reviews and tips. if we return to mexico city, and we hope to at some point, we will definitely stay at hotel catedral. we would give it our highest recommendation! have a great stay, and feel free to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sensei_8
<Content>High marks! 11/19/04Last Winter, after a couple weeks of roughing it in rural Mexico, Hotel El Catedral provided the perfect oasis. The hotel is spotless, and the service, from reception, to waiters, to managers, to travel information, was excellent.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AGandKG
<Content>Don't bother looking at other hotels! My sister and I stayed at this hotel in Oct/Nov 2004  would thoroughly recommend it to other travellers. We chose it because of all the good reviews on tripadvisor.com, so thank you all previous reviewers! We can't imagine we could have found a better hotel, and the price makes it fantastic value for money.The location is great, just off the Zocalo, but in a relatively quiet street (for Mexico City!) The hotel itself is modern, nicely furnished, spotlessly clean, and has an excellent restaurant which is open all day  offers a good range of meals, again at excellent prices. The staff were always courteous and helpful, and the in-house travel desk provided a good service, advising us to 'do it ourselves' when that was practical, or even sending us to the nearby youth hostel to obtain the tour we wanted at a lower price! The only criticism we'd make - and it's real nit-picking - is that the staff perhaps didn't always anticipate how they could help their guests, for instance, the clocks changed while we were there  we didn't find out until we went to the theatre and they wouldn't let us in because we were an hour early!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Cheap Hotel This spring I stayed at the Catedral in Mexico City. It is about a block north of the Zocalo behind the National Cathedral in the heart of old Mexico City. The hotel has an exceptional restaurant with terrific traditional Mexican breakfasts. The full menu is perfectly safe. There is a nice little bar with a piano player and a nice little roof top terrace overlooking the Zocalo which is very nice to sit on at night after a long day. The rooms were nice and clean and colorful. They pump fresh safe drinking water into the rooms. Another nice thing is they will allow four people to stay in a room one thing many of the Mexican hotels will not for some reason. The greatest part of all is it is only 60 dollars a night for a room with two beds for four people. It is much cheaper and has a nicer ambiance than the American hotels. For that price might as well go with the bargain. The Zocalo area gets kind of empty shortly after dark so if you want to be close to the nightlife better to stay in the Zona Rosa or the Polanco district. There is also a great little restaurant on the other side of the block near the Templo Mayor named La Case de las Sirenas.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>z2589
<Content>Quite decent for the money. I stayed at the Catedral for six nights, 14-19 Sept'04. My overall impression of the hotel is that of a recently constructed roadside motel (Hampton Inn, Sleep Inn, etc.) with a full service restaurant and bar attached. It is clean and very well maintained, the staff are pleaseant and helpful. And, perhaps most importantly, the rooms are equipped with a faucet dispensing only purified water. There is no air conditiong, only ceiling fans. As with any hotel you will hear street noise, the comeings and goings of other guests that are of the noisey variety, doors being closed and ,depending on the volume level, the tv next door and the conversation of the people occupying the other rooms. The street vendors dissappear between6-7pm and with that the level of street noise is lowered conciderably.The hotel exchanges currencey at 11 pesos to the US dollar. You can do much better at any Casa de Cambio ( 11.35-11.45 pesos to the US dollar). If you are returning to the airport from the hotel the cab fare is 100 pesos.The neighborhood is not as dicey as many would lead you to believe. If you have a penchant for roaming the streets at, say, midnight and later.......well, yeah, you may very well run into problems. But do you know of anywhere else that you wouldn't?All in all, at 380 pesos for a single or 450 pesos for a double, in the Centro Historico, you have a good value going.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value, Excellent location We stayed for 7 days at the Hotel Catedral, the price was right and the location was just what we wanted. Easy access to the Zocalo, subway, day markets, Alameda and Centro Historico sights. The restaurant is charming for breakfast, filled with locals and offers attentive service. The bar is superb for an afternoon cocktail or a late night glass of wine - just don't order a double! We found the noise level of a nearby club intolerable on Friday and Saturday nights, however. Thumping music from 10 p.m. til about 6 a.m. We will stay again and again at this remarkably clean, homey hotel, just not on weekends. I agree with the other reviewer that the in house travel agent is not at all helpful, we found better recommendations and prices for tours etc. at the city tourism kiosk at the base of the Angel of Independence monument. A recommendation for fine food: Las Sirenas, one block from the hotel on Donceles street was the best meal of our 3 week tour of Mexico, gourmet mexican cuisine served on a romantic rooftop overlooking the Cathedral. I also highly recommend the TuriBus, a double decker that carries you throughout the city and offers hop on/ hop off privileges. A great orientation, it stops a block from the hotel right at the side of the Cathedral.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jokskot
<Content>Excellent value and location. Highly recommended We stayed here 1 to 3 August 2004 inclusive.Superb value.Excellent location - 2 minutes from Zocalo.Good views in all directions from roof terrace.Comfortable rooms.Clean and attractive public areas.Ceiling fans in bedrooms gave barely adequate ventilation, I would have paid more for AC had it been available.Good and economical breakfasts - excellent choice of pan dolce (and good strawberry jam) as well as the usual Mexican fare.Other food (evening meal) less good.Helpful hotel-employed staff, though person manning (franchised?) travel desk not at all helpful.We paid 440.00 pesos per night per room with 2 double beds. This must represent the best value in the world for a hotel in the centre of a capital city.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific weekend stay!! My husband and I flew down to Mexico City over the 4th of July weekend in 2004 to meet friends and vacation. We were very happy with the Hotel Catedral. The rooms were very clean and had plenty of space for luggage. We had a room facing the street with a small balcony. It was lovely to eat breakfast in our room and watch the street below come to life. We had no street noise except for on one night we stayed, on Saturday night there was a Rave in the street just down from the hotel, and the glass and walls couldn't stand up to that kind of noise. But the hotel staff more than made up for it by providing us with small souveniers my husband wanted to buy for free, and terrific service. The breakfast in the restaraunt was wonderful and priced great! We also had a terrific time sitting on the roof to watch the sunset sipping on ice cream sodas. A terrific stay! We will return again and again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice I have stayed at the Hotel Catedral several times over the past 10 years and have never once found it to be anything but wonderful. The staff is helpful, the breakfast is good and the rooms are immaculate and the price is great. The only drawback is that it is a bit iffy neighborhood if you are wandering around late at night. Other than that it is close to subways and teriffic restaurants and markets and situated on a street that is lined with excellent used book shops and a block away from the Zocalo.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luckyjudy
<Content>A safe haven We stayed here for 4 days from May 9 to 12 and were very pleased with the accommodation. Location was wonderful--so close to the Zocalo--and we felt very safe there. The staff was friendly; the view from the roof-top terrace was spectacular; metro (2 pesos each way!) was nearby. There was a restaurant on the main floor. We were not impressed with the food , but the drink prices were certainly reasonable. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Location helps maximize short time in Mexico City       View from the terrace of the Hotel Catedral of the back of the Metropolitan Catedral  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Miamilocal1
<Content>Unbelievable Bargain Pros:Extremely friendly and helpful staff, rock-bottom rates ($35 USD for a double), spotless rooms and common areas, outstanding location (directly behind Mexico City's Metropolitan Cathedral), and nice perks such as a common rooftop balcony offering great views.Cons: Questionable area at night and overrun with students  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a steal deal a great place. recently renovated, tastefully done. extremely clean rooms, new carpet. very clean bathroom, excellent shower. zero bugs(roaches, etc). superb location two blocks from the cathedral. good, friendly, helpful staff. clean comfortable lobby and restaurant. good food, friendly waiters. all for only $36, single. a steal deal. for all of you who have endured some horrible mistakes this one will help to even the score. stayed five nights. the one knock is the extremely loud disco a few doors up and you will hear it, a least in the front rooms, the ones with the balconies.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MexicoPeterV
<Content>Great location, but... We stayed at the Hotel Catedral for a total of three nights on two separate occasions in March, 2004. While the room was large and well-appointed, it was almost uncomfortably warm, despite rather cool outside temperatures. In addition, despite it's great location only blocks from the Zocalo and the Templo Mayor, it took us a bit of time to get from the hotel to either the airport or the Terminal Norte bus station, especially during rush hour. If you're looking for a place to stay that's more convenient to either the airport or the bus terminal, you might want to look elsewhere. If you want a place that's more centrally located, though, I'd recommend the Hotel Catedral highly. The restaurant food is both good and reasonably priced (although it doesn't open until 8am and is as brightly lit as a Morton's Cafeteria), the Junior Suites with 2-person Jacuzzi are a bargain at around $50, and the service is quite good.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>crazycycler
<Content>Great Service at the Catedral On a recommendation from a Travel Advisor reader we stayed at the Hotel Catedral near the Zocala in Mexico City. The staff were outstanding from a service perspective and the rooms were clean and well maintained. On Sunday morning we had to be at the airport at 0530 hours to catch a flight home. The hotel called a taxi for us and we arrived safely at the airport. After checking in, however, my husband discovered he had lost his wallet. With help from an Mexico City resident, we called the hotel and asked them if they could track down the taxi we had used to see if the driver had found the wallet. While we waited on the phone, they called the driver and indeed he had my husband's wallet. The hotel asked him to bring it to us at the airport, which he did. Nothing was missing from the wallet which the driver had carefully tucked in his pocket. I can't say enough positive things about the hotel staff. I highly recommend the Hotel Catedral for visitors to Mexico City.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevecaron
<Content>Spotless, Great Value My wife and I stayed here on 2 separate occasions in Feb 2004. In both cases we selected a Junior Suite (540 pesos all taxes in). Both suites were absolutely spotless and everything worked well in the suite i.e. toilet, shower, jacuzzi etc. The area is a little 'downmarket' compared to the Polanco and Zona Rosa areas but it is centrally located and the Hotel value is tremendous. We also ate breakfasts in the Hotel's restaurant and found the food and prices to be very good - certainly a cut above most hotel food - and the service to be excellent. For an overview of the city we highly recommend taking the red double decker tour buses that leave every 30 minutes from in front of the Catedral on the Zocalo. It costs 100 pesos (110 on weekends) but gives you a 3 hour tour of the City with hop-on hop-off privileges - with our hop-offs we stretched the trip from 9 AM until 6 PM. Enjoy your trip !  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neilfisch
<Content>True Value Stayed only one night January 22, 2004. Some hotels have huge lobbies, bars, pools. I wanted a clean room in a good location. I got it. The rooms are small, but serviceable. The desk and the bellman spoke English and were helpful and pleasant. The room was in the back and had a view of the cathedral. The roof top terraces were charming and you can have the hotel restaurant (good food, plenty of choice) deliver it there for no extra charge, just tip the waiter. I recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a good value.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value Galore, I Need Not Say More! Spent three nights here the third week in January 2004 on part of a 7 night tour of various colonial cities. By far and away the best value and our favorite hotel of the stay. Conveniently located near the National Cathedral (duh I think that is where they got the name) the Zocalo, Metro (subway) station, Girabaldi Plaza (marriachi central) markets, and Alameda park and Palacio de Las Bellas Artes if you can walk a little. True they did not have shoe polish (we were wearing sneakers) shower caps (I'm hair challenged) hand lotion and other small items like hand towels (but the three bath towels were plenty big) but they did not have a high price either. I felt safe night and day (tons of people in the day time and quite a few at night time) were found on the streets. Internet access cost 10 pesos per 15 minutes (business hotel in Queretaro the night before was 80 pesos for half an hour.) The cost was reasonable and kept it so no one stayed on forever so access was available. Clean, safe, inexpensive - I loved it.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>huskersrtops
<Content>Great value, great location The Junior Suite was small, with no view, but still a great value. Room was clean, whirlpool tub was nice. Close to the Zocolo and the subway is about 1-2 blocks away and very easy to use. There is a hostel Cathedral facing the square. Our cabbie dropped us off at the hostel, and we had some trouble actually finding the HOTEL (while we carried our luggage), so keep this in mind when you arrive. I thought the restaurant was only average, but it was also very inexpensive. Be sure to sit on the top floor terrace at night. The sights and sounds and spectacular. Some outstanding bakeries are only blocks away, and excellent shopping only another couple of blocks. I felt safe, even at night, and I plan to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onigiri2
<Content>good good good! We stayed for 5 nights in this hotel's junior suite and really think this hotel is so cheap! The room is clean, the breakfast is good and well attended. I will go back if I have a chance to visit Mexico city again!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Staff Each year I visit Mexico for two weeks and I always stay at the Hotel Catedral the first two days and last two days of my trip. The staff is very congenial and the rooms are very clean and modern. Best deal in town!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful trip. enjoyed every minute of it. wonderful, helpful personels at catedral hotel. bravo ! The personels at the Catedral Hotel are wonderful. Very helpful and nice people. I just love their service. Thank you all at the desk.Dr. Mike Geronimo  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lacalif11
<Content>Right on target!!!   showReview(1275739, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Purified water faucet in bathroom!   showReview(992042, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RAMON PENA   showReview(986855, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Bargain near the Zocolo   showReview(854954, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>action in the Zocalo   showReview(739695, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real find...and a pleasant stay   showReview(696856, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice for cheaper price   showReview(696823, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>would be nice!   showReview(565784, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Home away from home   showReview(515152, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>my favorite hotel in Mexico City   showReview(471520, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarita_7
<Content>A due passi dallo Zocalo   showReview(18630319, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sonianoni
<Content>Consigliato!       L'hotel visto dallo zocalo  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>aime42
<Content>sans grand interet a part sa situation   showReview(14599176, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	1	3	2	2	

<Author>syrya71
<Content>Niente male...   showReview(14287319, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>masa8
<Content>Deludente.............   showReview(13825459, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>lucentsound64
<Content>Agosto a Citt脿 del Messico   showReview(11357276, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>nan79
<Content>excelente servicio y ubicacion por el precio   showReview(10480839, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>igalasa
<Content>dieri perfetto (visto anche il costo irrisorio delle stanze)   showReview(5718820, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>un hotel propre et tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(5300294, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

