<Author>kentuckywife
<Content>Bed so comfy! I am writing this review from the hotel bed. It is so comfortable, I can't bring myself to get out of it! The hotel room is large also. We were very happy here.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because 2 days in a row the front desk gave us wrong information about concierge level lounge. So two mornings in a row, we missed breakfast. However, we told them to compensate us for a breakfast downstairs and they did. The breakfast buffet, by the way, is amazing.We were also given usage of the complementry house car. That was a great touch. My husband had his suit dry cleaned while we were here, and it was picked up and dropped off same day in our room. Great hotel in a great location in Union Square.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mws215
<Content>My favorite SanFran Hotel I have been traveling to San Francisco extensively over the past two years, and always try to book the JW. I love the hotel overall, from the large, beautifully furnished and decorated rooms, to the helpful and friendly staff. The room layout and decor are so different than the 'standard' hotels that I am always pleasantly surprised when I check in.The recent renovations to the lobby area seem to be following the recent Marriott trend towards sleek and trendy that I've noticed in other Marriott properties. However,it doesn't work 100% for me here..sometimes feel that I'm not young or hip enough to hang out in the bar area..but I do anyway ;-). I have only eaten in the restaurant a couple of times since the re-do, and the food is very good, but pricey. And while the rooms are frequently less expensive than other area Marriotts during the work week, to be honest I would have trouble swinging more than a night or two if my company wasn't picking up the tab. Then again, this is San Francisco..and a great location to boot. A block from Union Square and theaters. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>longwoodtravel
<Content>excellent choice My wife,son, and I stayed for 5 nights in the end of August!we used marriott points and just loved the property!we got a corner room that gave us a king bed and a sofa bedfor my son. We also was upgraded to the Concierge Level.most concierge levels offer a cont breakfast, this was morelike a full breakfast buffet. at 5p or so out came cheeses and vegetables and at least 2 hot appetizers.staff at the hotel was knowledgeable and friendly.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>amy77385
<Content>Not bad at all Better than expected. It's located just 3 minutes walk from Union Square where all the shopping is located. 7 minutes walk from F train which will take you down to Alcatraz Pier. The hotel is modern and clean. The registration check-in is located on 3rd floor so you'll need to take elevator up once you walk in. The lobby is very attractive and we were graciously upgraded to the 15th floor. The room seem to be newly renovated, modern decor, big window, big screen LCD tv, big king size with bed, large bathroom with tub and separate shower with rain shower shower head, and two bathrobes for use. The bed was comfortable for one person but having another person, you can feel the springs or bed bounce a bit. The window is single pane so you can hear the emergency vehicles passing at night and cars honking. The walls are thin that you can't tell if someone is knocking on your door or your neighbors, I could also hear someone cough, turn page of magazines next door, their conversations weren't as muffled. The room was clean and maid left 2 chocalates for us the next day. Room service was fast and friendly. I have an iPhone and could not get 3G in the room...The room had everything we needed.Overall, we were happy with the stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bandogal
<Content>Not up to standards for a Marriott The JW Marriott is not at all up to the standards I have always found at Marriott at all levels. 1. A wad of hair was on the bathroom floor.2.MM stuck on the table under the memo pad.3.a makeup bag under the drape left by a prior guest.4. A badly broken bathroom glass towels that were rough and not very White.5. Coffee served in the bar with the saucer full of slopped coffee and an attitude when the bar only had 3 other patrons and they had drinks already. 6. After putting on the butler button for ice I waited 30 minutes before calling the desk to send up ice.7. I had to request cereal bowls and ceral spoons for breakfast and cheese was served without crackers.8. The hotel charged 12 a day for WIFI and it is free at the less expensive Marriott brands.The front desk and Conceriage were terrific as were the men who maaned the front door. I would suggest you spend your money else where when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	5	2	-1	

<Author>LPS77NewYork
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I usually prefer to stay in smaller boutique hotels, however we booked at the Marriott since we had a gift certificate to put towards our room. When I first walked in, it felt a bit like I was in a mall (the bright patterned rugs, statues, elevator music, etc). We had to take an elevator to reception and it all felt a little impersonal. But, there are some great advantages to staying at a larger hotel like this. First, our room was huge compared to other city hotels I've stayed in. And, when we came home late one night and I realized I ran out of contact solution, the reception desk opened up the hotel convenient store for me. I was so grateful that I didn't have to roam around late at night to find an open store to buy contact solution! Overall the hotel was very clean and the service was great.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>littev0ices
<Content>Great end to our holiday at the JW Marriott SF       View from the room on the 18th floor (2)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rob CC
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location I would recommend the JW Marriott in San Francisco for any stay. My wife and I stayed there for a anniversary and received great service. We were greeted at check-in by Bianka, who was exceptionally nice and welcoming. The hotel has some construction (as of Sept. 2008) on the first floor (near the valet parking area), but it did not affect us in any way. We didn't hear anything from it or notice it, other than when we got in the elevator.The room was nice, with a great view of the city. Great TV and bedding, plus a high quality bathroom. The hotel was even VERY helpful in getting to a SF Giants baseball game .... the hotel car service took us right there! The location is good, a couple blocks from the cable cars, which take you everywhere a tourist would want to go. Taxicabs are also easily grabbed, if needed.We stayed with Marriott points (which was a steal given the price of some hotels in San Francisco), so I cannot comment on value for the various rates.Overall, I would strongly recommend this Marriott property.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>47states
<Content>Good hotel in SF The staff at the hotel were really helpful and listened to our requests. The suite was nicely decorated and very comfortable. There were a few issues however they were resolved very quickly.Only issue they couldn't resolve was some noise from the disco.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bostonpies
<Content>Nice digs, just no 'special' vibe I have nothing to complain about except I wanted more 'glamour' for my families' vacation. The room was very nicely appointed, albeit small for a family of 4 (why do so many hotels think that 2 double beds are good for 4 people, why not have queens?) The service was excellent, and mostly friendly or neutral, never bad. The location was good. It was just not special in any way, considering the money paid. Just felt like a very nice business hotel..... maybe that is all it is supposed to be.... where I would have preferred a destination luxury hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wwills
<Content>Great Hotel Located Conveniently in Union Square We booked the JW using points and wanted to stay in downtown SFO in a location convenient to the many attractions. We had a rental car for one of the days in the hotel, but not the other two.First, if you have a car, parking is expensive - upwards of $50/night. There's no self park unless you want to drive around looking for a public garage, which I would not recommend.As with any JW, service is fantastic. People call you by name, the front desk answers on the first ring, etc. The lobby is beautiful and you may get lucky and get a high room overlooking the city. Our room was lower and was next to a business office. We could see people in each window working at their desks - and I'm sure they could see us.Room is quiet at night except for the occasional siren from the street (police, fire). The room is on the smallish side, but not terribly small. Bathroom is updated and new (clean!). There's a tub with jets in it along with a small shower stall. The showerhead was low enough so it was below my nose and the stall was small enough so my elbows hit the wall when I turned (I'm 6'1).The other odd thing is that the bathroom has no locking door - just a sliding door. So if you're with a family, people are apt to walk into the bathroom when it's being used.Beds are comfortable. There's a mini bar that senses when you take something out and charges you. You have like 10 seconds to look at something before it charges you. We asked for a fridge and promptly brought it up and set it up. That worked well as we were able to buy some drinks and keep them in the room.As with a JW, everything is expensive, including room service, mini bar, etc. Be prepared to tip people.The location is fantastic. A short walk from the hotel is Union Square with a mall, including Macy's. It's also the terminus of a cable car route. There's quite a line at times,but you can ride it all the way down to the wharf in about 15 minutes.It's also walking distance from China Town and North Beach. There's a number of restaurants nearby. We were going to take a cab to the airport at the end of our stay, but it turned out that they have a limo that costs the same as the cab (about $45 + tip). It was a nice end to the vacation.I would recommend the JW as a place to stay that's very nice and away from the tourist areas - but also a place where you can get to the tourist areas without much trouble.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hans911
<Content>A gem in the city This hotel was beautiful and centrally located a block from Union Square. We were informed upon an early checkin that our room was not ready therefore we would be offered and upgrade to a suite which I humbly accepted. Beautiful comfortable room on the 17th floor. The staff was excellent from bellman to front desk and housekeeping. We walked and rode all over the city with my 5 year old and enjoyed coming 'home' to the tranquility of the JW Marriot in the afternoon. The fitness room was equipped well with cardio equipment and fair with weight equipment.We will certainly return.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>laoptimist
<Content>Nice location, beautiful hotel, okay view Beautiful hotel, both inside and out. We got an excellent rate using expedia. The hotel is located in union square, making it extremely convenient to get around.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>blondeyxxoo
<Content>Room Without A View Based on mostly favorable reviews we booked our room through Orbitz on very short notice. We had a late check-in on a Friday night, around 8:00 PM. I had requested 2 double beds and specified I would be traveling with my girlfriend . Upon check-in they basically said (looking down the end of their noses), Too bad, there are only king beds. If you have a problem with that you need to take it up with your booking company.  Although we had used a booking company, with parking, our room was $355.00 per night. Not exactly a paltry sum in my book. I didn't really feel like we were being cheap in any way, but that is exactly how they made us feel. I definately had the distinct feeling that booking indirectly is looked down upon. We headed to the 8th floor, walked into our room and thought things might be looking up a bit. The room seemed spacious, and it appeared the bed was an Eastern King, so sleeping with my girlfried in the same bed 2 nights might not be as awkward as I thought. I proceeded over to the window to check out the view and was greeted by a solid wall of the adjacent building. I guess we would have to take that up with the booking company too. The last straw for me was breakfast on Sunday (our only meal with the hotel thankfully). We shared oatmeal, a fruit plate, muffin, and both had a latte. Our bill with tip, was $31.00. The oatmeal was beyond bad, we could barely choke it down. The fruit plate (one banana and a handful of berries) was $15. The bran muffin???????? I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. If this is the kind of treatment you get when using a booking company, I will be hard pressed to use them either.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mayden
<Content>JW Marriott We thought the hotel was in an excellent location to be able to walk to many of the places we wanted to explore. The hotel had undergone a major renovation and much of it appeared new. We thought the room was reasonably sized with a large flat screen tv and well stocked. The place was very clean and the maid service was very good. We echo some of the other comments that the front desk staff could be a little more friendly and informative and the same could be said for the concierge desk. Except for that, we enjoyed our stay and would go back to this hotel on our next visit to San Fran.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>travelbroaas611
<Content>Room:Gorgeous Staff:Horrible NEVER staying again. When my family and I first arrived a bell boy ran to our door and asked if we wanted help with our bags, I said yes and waited for about 15 minutes with no response and took our bags up three floors to the check-in desk. Once we arrived a VERY snotty girl who was working asked what type of room we wanted. I clearly payed for a one room with two double beds because I have 3 children, she then began to tell me becuase we didn't book the room directly from them there was 'no guarantee' we would get the room, she then proceeded to tell us we will be on the waiting list of 15 people who also wanted a room with two double beds. My children were forced to sleep on the floor, we called numerous times for extra blankets and pillows, but no-one came our way. The rooms, however, are gorgeous. There was hardly any water pressure in ours though. My next trip to San Francisco, i'll skip this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>parissmiles
<Content>pleasant stay at JW Marriott I am very tardy in recording this experience, which occured in late March of this year. The hotel is well-placed for getting around in the city by any means, and we felt quite comfortable in the Union Square area. The corner room near the top of the hotel was superb, as was the housekeeping staff. Despite construction being present, the staff made efforts to not allow it to be an impediment to our 5 day stay. The consierge staff was mistaken on their suggestions/ directions a few times, and provided out-dated information. At this hotel, we were very near excellent restaurants, shopping, and transportation within blocks of the hotel. American Airlines lived up to its reputation for tarnishing an otherwise enjoyable vacation in a beautiful hotel with a great staff.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kquan
<Content>Good Location, Fair Price Recently stayed at the JW Marriott in SF. San Francisco is a great trip if you're looking for a long weekend vacation. A few notes:- Cab from SFO to hotel which was located in Union Sq was about $35 dollars. As always, knowing approximate cab rates is always important so you don't get ripped off.- The JW Marriott for a luxury hotel is what you expect in a city like San Fran. Space is pricey, so the rooms were nice, but small. Large flat screen tv was a plus, but for a JW, the luxury was minimized a bit by the space. Also, the bathroom was fairly large, but felt very dated.Service is great though, with an in room butler button for your use. A few times I requested towels and other items, and a person came to our door in less than 5 minutes. As for the hotel itself, the restaurant and bar was undergoing construction which is scheduled to be done later this summer. Should be pretty nice as it'll be brand new. Hotel location was ok, union square doesnt have much 'sites' but a good shopping and walking area. Trolley cars and bus lines are just 2 blocks over, and the neighborhood is also walking distance to Chinatown, Nob Hill, the Financial area and a large mall as well. - As for attractions, make sure you hit the regular spots, nothing wrong with being touristy. I recommend: Chinatown is great for dinner (better dinner than breakfast to be found there) and the old fashioned bakeries are great. The Golden Gate Bakery has the best fresh egg custards. Alcatraz tour is pretty interesting, and you can purchase tickets in advance on the internet which gets you on the shorter will call line. For baseball fans, catch a Giants game. Even if the teams are just ok, tickets can be had cheap and you'll definitely appreciate the park. The food options are ridiculously great.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>xyv1027
<Content>Great but "not Wow" So I probably one of the few that am not giving this hotel 4 stars. Knowing the Marriott brand well I have even higher expectations for their flagship line, the JW Marriott hotels. I had a nice stay but have stayed at far nicer JW's in other cities. We arrived around 10pm and had to wait outside for someone (anyone) from the Bell Desk to valet our car. Next step was check-in and having never been to the hotel before, I didn't realize you had to go to the 3rd floor for check-in until I asked someone else on the 1st floor that looked about as lost as I did. Check in once we found it was quick and pleasant. We had a very well appointed room on the 16th floor, the bathroom was probably the nicest area in the room. I have seen Renaissance hotels (another Marriott line) and other JW's with nicer rooms; the look was fresh and modern but some of the furnishings looked a little too well used. Checkout was slow because the checkout through the in-room TV did not work and there was a lengthy line at the front desk downstairs. The concierge lounge breakfast was almost top notch and the concierge recommendations on area restaurants were most welcome. They continually advised us to avoid walking in the neighborhod late at night... for a reason I never understood. The neighborhood seemed fine to us with lots of people out, even after 12 midnight on a week night.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>awdub
<Content>extremely nice We stayed here while in town for a friend's wedding. We were very impressed with the location and the room, and will absolutely come back when we are in town again.Check-in is on the third floor. When we first arrived, we wandered around for a bit before we realized that we had to go upstairs. The one thing that the hotel does need to work on is its downstairs bell-staff - not only when we first arrived, but every time we entered and left the building, there were very few employees on the ground floor, and they seemed to be making a concerted effort to ignore the guests. Otherwise, service was very good. At check-in, the front desk gave us a masterfully worded note from the manager, explaining that it was the weekend of the gay pride parade, so there were a lot of wonderful activities in town, but guests needing to travel on Sunday should allow themselves extra time - it was beautifully done.The hotel decor was very nice, more modern than the typical JW Marriott, looked like it was just renovated. The lobby spaces, bar, etc. were very nice and fairly busy while we were there. The room was a good size, beautifully furnished, very large bathroom, good amenities, linens, and a very comfortable bed, large window, pretty good view, and very quiet. The location was great - close to Union Square, but a block or two away from the hectic masses.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Best Marriott in San Francisco       Exterior of the J.W. Marriott  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ManyFunTravels
<Content>Nice accommodations at the JW San Francisco鈥?. Just returned from a great weekend stay at the JW before heading up to wine country. I had mixed feelings originally from reading postings about this hotel but decided to give it a try anyway. Actually we got a great bonus for staying the weekend we did. The hotel had a big relaunch party Friday night of their lobby restaurant that had been under renovation. All guest of the hotel were invited and it was a blast. There was music, live entertainment many hors d鈥檕euvres from sheared scallops to mini bar burgers, wine, champagne and cocktails which were all complementary! Now how did we luck up on this party in downtown San Francisco? Don鈥檛 know but I鈥檓 sure glad we did!The rooms were tastefully done with a modern d茅cor. The bathroom was marble with a separate tub and shower. Since the recent renovation all rooms have a 42鈥?flat screen TV that I could appreciate. The location is great close to Union Square, easy to get around town from this place. The hotel is not that large overall and I felt the hallways were a little tight. I workout while traveling and the fitness area was adequate for an on the road workout. It鈥檚 equipped with ellipticals, treadmills, free weights and a few weight machines. If you鈥檙e looking for the hardcore workout you get at home you will need to inquire about a local gym.The concierge was awesome in recommending things to do in the area and sights to see! One great recommendation was to stop at La Taqueria while we were in the mission district. The best we鈥檝e ever ate! The entire hotel staff was friendly and helpful during our stay.We had a great time and would definitely stay here again while in the Bay Area.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>GWaily
<Content>Lovely hotel and great service We stayed at the JW Marriott as the last stop on our honeymoon. The experience was great from the moment we arrived. We were greeted warmly with a big congratulations, and our room was upgraded. We were also given access to the club lounge, which was excellent. The room was very nice and spacious, and when we ordered room service it was of a high quality. The hotel is in a very convenient location and the service was excellent throughout our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel for a great stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gamecock93
<Content>Outstanding Hotel My wife and I recently spent a three day weekend at the JW. The hotel and staff were terrific. The hotel has just gone through a complete renovation and everything is new and spotless. The room, bathroom, club lounge and lobby were all first-rate. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Powell St BART station, Powell-Mason cable car turn-around and F-line streetcar. China Town is less than a 15 minute walk. I used points for this stay. Nice job, Marriott.I would defiinitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>NickysdadRF
<Content>Loved the JW Marriott We spent 7 nights at the JW Marriott this past April with our 6 and 10 year old kids who were out of school on spring break. The hotel is conveniently located a couple of blocks from Union Square. Our executive room was tastefully decorated and included a very comfortable king size bed, a sitting area that included a sofa bed, chair and tables, as well as a desk, 42 LCD TV and a minibar. The bathroom was great--tastefully done including a large tub and a separate shower. The hotel just went through a renovation and all of the decor (carpeting etc) is brand spanking new.The staff was very attentive, and the concierge desk was fabulous -- recommending everything from dining options to tours and directions.The only criticisms that I might have is that there isn't enough drawer space for clothing -- the hotel seems to primarily cater to business travelers (which is understandable) who stay for short periods of time. Additionally, the lobby was under construction and we were unable to appreciate it. All in, we loved the hotel and would definitely stay again on our next trip to SF.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SandyToesMinnesota
<Content>Business Trip I recently was in SF on business and was booked at the JW Marriott on Post St. I arrived late in the evening and was exhausted. The staff made check in very easy and placed me in a beautiful room on the 20th floor. They even ordered a fruit and cheese plate that was delivered to my room within 5 minutes of having my bags brought up. The next morning I was able to appreciate a scenic view from my window - facing toward the bay and able to see Alcatraz!The room was nicely appointed in bold colors and modern decor - the bath has a large tub (separate from the walk-in shower) which was great to relax in at the end of a hectic day.The concierge was extremely helpful in planning some sight-seeing and also very accommodating in getting dinner reservations at a very lovely Italian restaurant down the street.The hotel is 1.5 blocks from Union Square where you can shop 'til you drop! And also catch the cable car down to the wharf. The hotel was smaller than I expected, but I feel that improved service.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ginette
<Content>Love It We love that hotel very nice good beb good service ,clean ,perfect location . For breakfast ect you are all around restaurent like Sears Finest dinner you all around good restaurent .Attraction walk every where the location was perfect .From Maine April 2008  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HockeyFan09
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!!! We stayed at the JW Marriott San Francisco the week of April 21st. We were greeted by a very friendly doorman and front desk girl. We were checking in very early (9am) and she offered us an upgrade to a suite at 50% off (someone had just cancelled their reservation). We took it and were so glad we did! The room was awesome. The bathrooms are fantastic and the beds are extremely comfortable (even my mattress critic husband thought they were great). The only renovations still happening at the hotel is the restaurant and that was no big deal since we rarely eat at hotel restaurants anyways. We did try the hotel food once and it was very good. The hotel seemed very busy with room service orders.The customer service was not notch, probably second only to the Four Seasons hotels. They have a butler button you can press in the room and they send someone up to your room. I don't think we waited more than 3 minutes each time we used it and we used it at least once a day. Every evening we ordered up some ice. We found that by the third night or so that they started to bring up the ice automatically when they did our evening turn down service. Great service!The had refreshments in the lobby, which varied depending on the the time of day. I tried out the pink lemonade and it was great. Very refreshing on a hot day.The location is awesome. So close to Union Square. The walk was about a minute long. I would certainly stay at this hotel the next time we get a chance to visit San Francisco. We were first time visitors and this hotel made our experience very memorable.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>meupnorth
<Content>Great Location We enjoyed our stay here. Great location right near shopping and dining of Union Square and the financial District. Walked most places even to the Ferry building at the piers and it was a nice flat walk from here.Room was very nice and clean with very comfortable king size bed and great bathroom. Staff was helpful and pleasant. Even though the hotel is under going renovations, we heard no building noise. The front desk arrival area is a bit underwhelming which I hope will change with the completion of the reno. My only complaint was on two occasions seeing dirty room service dishes laying out in hall for 8 or more hours straight (yuck). I would expect better from a JW Marriott propertyI would stay there again next time I am in San Francisco though as the pluses definitely outweighed the negatives.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>adoraoo7
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, centrally located, and very clean. I'd definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Roxii
<Content>Avoid At All Costs!! I stayed here over christmas time and would you believe I left the car for literally 5-10 minutes parked outside so that I can check into the hotel, and the Valet people outside said we MUST leave our keys with them. So we did, a little hesitant, and guess what. THEY STOLE OUR RADAR DETECTOR SO FAST. We left our car parked in a different location, no signs of break ins AT ALL, and this hotel would not admit that they stole it. This detector was left in the glove compartment, and they must have took it very fast because they broke a piece of it off. We DEMANDED to see footage and they would not let us when they claimed that they videotape everything outside. THIS IS A 5 STAR HOTEL PEOPLE - THIS IS NOT HOW YOU TREAT PEOPLE!!!!! This hotel was especially not worth the price when they are thieves! They wouldn't even reimburse us or anything, they just kept saying it wasn't them when CLEARLY it was. This car was not touched nor used at all the entire trip EXCEPT by their valet service who JUST was supposed to hold the keys in case they needed to move the car. They also switched their story on us like 5 times which was PROOF they took it. It took 4 months of them to supposedly try to figure out what happened, probably so that we wouldn't write a review on them. They did nothing to help or solve the matter but waste time. They are encouraging their personnel to steal things from people's cars because the have a circle where everyone is involved and split the costs. I've heard about hotels doing this, and would have never thought the JW marriott hotel would stoop so low. DONT EVER STAY IN THIS HOTEL!!! I will NEVER stay in a JW marriott or marriott related hotels EVER AGAIN. They lost me and my family as a customer, as well as every friend and person that I know of, and hopefully YOU. I've valet my car at restaurants and various 3 star hotels or under with that radar detector in it and NOTHING ever happened. For a 5 star hotel to do such a thing, SO LOW... so VERY low. Please tell all your friends not to stay at Marriott hotels. They need a serious change before anyone should ever go back.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>BertrandBloom
<Content>Beautiful The room was huge! The linens were luscious; I loved being in the ultra soft pillow bed with comforter and pillows around me. The bathroom was small but it was fine for just one person. It might have been tight for two. I loved the sundries so much that I ordered the lotion on line. I was there for business, and I can say that coming back to the hotel was truly a retreat. Great location. Staff was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OCdrama
<Content>JW Marriott is First Class The location of the JW Marriott is ideal! Close (1-4 small blocks)to all Union Square and Westfield mall shopping, restaurants, cable car, and Hertz rental car, which is good when you choose to rent a car to explore the city and exterior areas like Sausalito and Muir Woods, etc. The staff was always attentive, the rooms were always clean and orderly, and a door was always opened for you before reaching the front door. There were other nice amenities like ice buckets filled nightly, as well as extremely quick and efficient service when it came to any room requests that were out of the norm, along with the morning coffee and afternoon tea in the lobby made for a nice comfortable stay. The rooms are nicely decorated with warm colors making it feel more like home. A positive overall experience equating to a definite return the next time I'm in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dtaggart
<Content>Fabulous Experience! Stayed at the Marriott for a conference and would definitely stay again. Room was clean, comfortable (with feather beds and down comforters), and offered a nice view of the city. Internet wasn't free, but you could get the $4.95 option for 24 hours and they provided the Internet hookups-- in other hotels, you either have to provide your own or pay for the the cords. Staff was courteous and friendly. When I needed something printed for an 8 am presentation and the business office wasn't open until 8 am, the concierge allowed me to print from her computer. When I asked for a late checkout, the front desk was extremely friendly and gave me a 2 pm checkout. When there was an overcharge on the hotel bill, I called the front desk and it was changed immediately. Great location, near Union square, BART station (took it from the airport), can take the trolley down to Fisherman's Wharf for 1.50. Everything is really accessible and everyone was very friendly. Food is expensive at the hotel, but Mel's Diner around the corner is great for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>airwis
<Content>Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous After reading the reviews before my stay I made sure that when I checked in I asked for a renovated room. The front desk staff said that all the rooms have been completely renovated. The room I stayed at was the best Marriott property room I ever stayed in. The rooms are big, the beds are wonderful, 52 inch flat screen TV, the color themes in the room are warm and relaxing and the bathroom I must say is a work of art. The brown marble walls and showers are beautiful. The doormen were always there opening the doors as you entered or exited the hotel, asking if transportation was needed, they were just wonderful. The front desk staff could not have been any nicer than what they were, and the staff walking around the hotel were very attentive. My first night there I was walking around the hall with my ice bucket not knowing that all you had to do was call from your room and someone would bring some ice to you, well as I was walking a staff member noticed my ice bucket and asked what room I was in and he would have someone bring me some ice, with in 3 minutes someone was there with ice. How wonderful is that.I guess the lobby and restaurant is going thru renovation and will be completed by end of March but you would never know it. They have the check in area so concealed from any work that you would never know that work was being done. The area around the hotel is safe and so many shops and eating areas plus any type of transportation is a block away (trolley cars). I cant wait to go back....  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bandrew
<Content>Beautiful hotel in a top location! We visit San Francisco at least once a year, but twice last year. For the first time we stayed at this hotel. We had been staying at the Donatello, across the street, but a price comparison indicated that the Marriott rooms were less than the Donatello's patio rooms. Thus we elected this J.W. Marriott.We admired the hotel when it was the Pan Pacific. It's windows and architecture are unique. The open atrium remains stunning. The street entry is nicely protected from weather. We found the personnel at the entry very helpful and accommodating and they stored my golf clubs without hesitation, retrieving them at my request and without delay. They made arrangements for a limo to SFO upon our departure and it was ready and waiting right on time. We asked for a high room and received one. We looked at one of the redecorated rooms on the west perimeter of the structure and found it extraordinary, though it was not then available to us. Renovation continued on the top floors.Our room view was onto Mason. It was very nice and quite clean. We guessed, but do not know, that many of the oriental housekeeping staff were retained when the hotel changed hands. They are top notch! The furnishings, though certainly not new, were in good condition and clean. All furnishings worked well. We requested an additional luggage rack and it arrived almost immediately. As we do not dine in our rooms, we cannot otherwise comment on room service, but when we left the hotel in the mornings, generally early, we simply spotted one of the housekeeping ladies nearby and asked for a cleaning. We never failed to find a cleaned room upon our return. We also found the front desk personnel to be very friendly and helpful. We tend to make our reservation many months in advance, with any requests for special services, so we weren't surprising anyone on the spur of the moment. We were treated well.We ate one supper in the hotel restaurant. It was not particularly remarkable, but, considering the available restaurants within walking distance of the front doors of the hotel, that is not surprising. The lobby bar stays open late and many visitors used it. We enjoyed the ambiance of the hotel and have read reviews here which lament the loss of the ambiance when it was the Pan Pacific. We can appreciate that view, but what remains is still an extraordinary hotel in a wonderful location. At these prices for rooms, one has many selections throughout the city, but very few that combine the J.W.Marriott's location, ambiance, cleanliness, service and amenities. We are returning to the San Francisco J.W. Marriott in July of this year, so we'll review our assessment after our second stay. At this point, we have little doubt that it will be just as enjoyable and we will share our pictures thereafter.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>simulcrum
<Content>Very comfortable I stayed at the JW just before Thanksgiving, a veeeery quiet period for the hotel. The room was not remodeled, and will benefit from an updating, but it was clean, well maintained and very comfortable -- particularly the bed and desk chair (and how unusual is that!) The bathroom is marvelous. Unlike some reviewers, I found the service attentive. I don't use hotel services much, but when I asked for assistance, it was prompt and courteous. Did not use the restaurants; the bar was nice, but pricey -- hey, it's SF. Location is great. I usually stay at the SF Marriott on 4th. This is clearly a grade up in style and attention, but both are terrific properties, with wonderful locations. If a first time visitor or someone still doing mostly touristy stuff, I might actually give the edge to the hotel on 4th because of the very close proximity to the Fl ine! If you've been to SF before, choose this one for a touch more luxury.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fonk24
<Content>So nice... We stayed here for a week in 2006. Fantastic hotel, beds are really comfortable. No complaints!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sgsilva
<Content>Not what it used to be I have stayed at this hotel when it was the Pan Pacific Hotel more than a couple dozen of times. I recently stayed there after it became the JW Marriott. I have always loved this hotel. It is a architectural masterpiece. With incredible marble bathrooms, stunning lobby and great rooms this WAS one of the finest hotels in a city full of great hotels. My only problem is with the renovation converting it to a Marriott. Before it was a oasis of class. Now with the changes it has all the charm of a hotel located near a airport. The carpet outside the guest rooms is hideous and loud. Looking down the atrium all you see is this ugly carpet totally distracting from the beautiful design of the building. The only improvement in the rooms is new, larger t.v.s. The new furnishings are bland and basic. Marriott did a excellent job in removing all of the charm and elegance from this hotel. People who have never stayed at this property will most likely love it because it is still a great hotel in a unbeatable location. But for those of us who knew it before the change it is very sad. The interior designer and the executives who approved the new design should be sacked. While I was there the main lobby was closed and being redone. I shudder to think of how Marriott will ruin that formerly beautiful space. So I mourn the loss of a great and beautiful hotel.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>parmihawaii
<Content>Loved the JW Marriott! We spent 4 days over the Thanksgiving holiday in San Francisco at the JW Marriott. Being an online travel website editor/content writer here in Hawaii, I spend a great deal of time on TripAdvisor checking out people's reviews of Hawaii hotels so did the same for San Francisco. Four of us flew out of Honolulu on a red-eye and arrived at the hotel at about 7:30 am, bleary-eyed and exhausted. I had called the hotel and requested renovated rooms on a higher floor in the back (after having read various reviews of it being noisy with sirens, etc.), but I never asked for early check-in, but I did mentioned we were flying in on a red-eye. I never expected that either room would be available at that time, but our friends room was, so we could freshen up and leave our luggage there with our connecting room ready by 11 am.The rooms are elegant and beautifully decorated with the classic wish I had it at home Marriott bed and bedding. Large flat screen TV, many amenities and one of the most beautiful bathrooms I've ever seen in any hotel. We were on the 14th floor and we never heard any sounds of sirens, etc. and the rooms were extremely quiet and immaculate.But even with all this elegance we agreed the best part of the JW Marriott was the staff, from the bellmen to the front desk, concierge, restaurant, bar, housekeeping and valets and every person we met. They smiled, were genuinely friendly and always greeted us, gave some excellent advice on where to eat, made reservations, etc., etc. In Hawaii we speak often of Aloha spirit and it actually is a lovely thing, but we all agreed that we had found real Aloha spirit at the JW Marriott on this trip. Interestingly, many people here told me I would be disappointed in San Francisco as it was dirty, lots of druggies and homeless (I had lived in Palo Alto for 5 years and spent a great deal of time up in the city). I am not sure where these people were, because we all found it super clean, with friendly people, streets very clean and even the homeless we did see were neatly dressed and did not hassle us and we walked everywhere with no problems. Would we go back again - in a millisecond! It's a wonderful hotel with a great staff in an ideal location in one of the most beautiful cities in the world. JW Marriott San Francisco thank you for an unforgettable vacation. And as soon as we can get both airline reservations and hotel we'll be booking again, except for a longer time.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Poetmotion
<Content>Loved It The JW Marriott is the former Pan Pacific Hotel, but has been beautifully updated and refurbished now that it's considered part of the flagship brand for the Marriott chain.This hotel is situated a short walk from Union Square, so location is fantastic. The rooms are comfortable, clean, and luxuriously appointed. The service is spectacular. One thing we really enjoyed during our visit was the very nice breakfast in the dining room, which was included in the package we purchased--very pleasant surroundings, excellent food, and fine service.The JW is an excellent value, and perfect for a romantic getaway in the most lovely city in America.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PhillyGal123
<Content>Not what we thought it would be.... We were really looking forward to our San Francisco vacation and it really was a perfect weekend - except for the hotel. When you think of a 5 star hotel you think service, luxury and proximity. Hmmm....the JW Marriott did not even reach 5 star quality in ANY of these areas. While the rooms were spacious they were completely outdated. It took room service over an hour to get to us and they acted as if I did something wrong. The concierge (Kyle?) was completely off the mark when recommending restaurants. Sounds like it was more based on a kick back than anything else b/c he sent us to some young kids bar at 50 years old!! Checking in was just fine except for the checking out part. You felt as if they couldn't wait to be rid of two people who made absolutely no trouble. I would NEVER stay in a Marriott again - all b/c of this place. Awful, awful, awful....  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	2	1	1	

<Author>AtlantaCPA
<Content>Great Honeymoon I stayed in SF for the dates of November 4-11, 2007. I was there for my honeymoon. Upon arrival, I was impressed with the staff. The bellhop helped unloaded our bags from the taxi and gave us a claim ticket. Check-in was a breeze. We received an upgrade due to the fact it was our honeymoon. Once in our room, our bags arrived within 10 minutes. As for the room, we were in a newly renovated executive suite with a city view. It was very nice. The room consisted of a large flat screen TV, king size bed, couch, chair, desk, and separate tub and shower. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. One problem I encountered was in the morning when I wanted to take a shower there would be no hot water. I ended up having to take a bath that I was not happy with. I have had the same problem with not having hot water in the morning at other hotels. I got over it. The staff was great at the hotel. We never had to open a door. The bar had great drinks. We enjoyed drinking at the hotel bar better than anywhere else. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown. This was a great location. We did not need a car to get anywhere. I would recommend the JW Marriott to anyone. My husband and I will be returning to SF in 2010 and we definitely will be staying at the JW Marriott.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LGPITT
<Content>Great Hotel On the final night of our tour of CA, we stayed at the JW in SF. We had asked for a high floor because of other reviews regarding remodeling. As of Nov. 17th - I think only the first 2 floors of rooms were still being remodeled and the manager had told us that the lobby was to begin the following week. The rooms were beautiful and we loved the bathroom. The bathroom had a separate shower and bathtub; the beds were extremely comfortable; flat screen TV; and the room was very spacious. We thought the lobby and bar was nice (2 fireplaces with comfortable chairs around them) -but he had said they were remodeling to make it more contemporary. The staff in this hotel was exceptional delivering anything we needed to our room. The only complaint we had about this hotel was the parking - it was $45 a day. Fortunately for us, we didn't really need our car anymore, so we returned it early instead of paying for the parking. Overall, this was by far the nicest of the 4 Marriott's we stayed at during our trip and was not the most expensive. I would definitely recommend this to anyone going to SF.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SRCNV
<Content>Very Dissapointed My husband and I stayed numerous times at the Marriott in San Francisco located at 55 fourth street in SF. We always enjoyed our stay there!We were not impressed with the staff at the JW Marriott When we arrived we carried our own luggage inside the building ,While staff members watched .Oh they did open our car door. We placed our bags on a bell mans cart,Then a staff member ran up handed us a claim ticket and shooed us away.We then went up to check in that was pleasant . We then went to our room we wanted to freshen up before our meeting ,The room way nice but had been freshly painted the outside balcony still had a large amount of plastic where they were still painting.We had to wait almost a half hour for our bags to be brought up to the room. The bellman insisted he receive a tip he just stood there ,Of course we tipped him. As a matter of fact ,All the Staff were so pushy for tips even for a bucket of ice (the hotel wouldn't allow us to get it ourselves) We stayed two nights at this Jw Marriott .We tipped to the tune of almost $250.00 to this pushy lazy staff. The bed linens were Not changed and were clearly soiled,The maid also did not vacuum or wipe anything down ,We were happy just to receive clean tiles. My husband works for the Government (The hotel would not honor any discount ) That was okay ,We also own a Rare Coin and Jewelry Company ,It was the principal of the matter. I am also disabled and at the other Marriott at 55 fourth street ,I was not charged for handicap parking .This hotel charged us approx. $88.00 a night. When we arrived back to the hotel the second night of our stay the valet parking attendant rudely stated he thought we had checked out??? What an insult ,I explained to him we were staying two nights . He rudely gave us another claim ticket for our auto. I then went inside to talk to someone at the front desk ,Their was a young dark haired Asian man there, He also was nasty, All I wanted to do was make sure we were Still booked for two nights ? He told me yes ,Then I asked about the parking situation with handicapped parking ? He stated Each Marriott was independently owned and operated and their Hotel Valet was Separately ran and they had nothing to do with Valet (what)...I then had valet bring our auto back we moved it to the corner where their was a handicap parking on the street. upon checking out that next day we carried our own bags down ,I waited for my husband to get the car ,While I waited I could hear the Valet parking attendants laughing goofing off. I wanted to go back in and talk to someone at the check in desk ,But after the Nasty Rude person I spoke to the night before I was frankly a little Scared to. After my husband brought the car round four of the valet parking attendants ran over to open the doors really pushy ,My guess is they wanted More Tips.Hum maybe because they were holding their hands out with their palms up?When we received our bill for a regular room two nights stay ,We were charged two nights valet parking even though we moved the car. The bill came to $880.00 without any room service or anything else.Wow I don't ever want to pay to be treated this way again.I did make a call after we returned back home to Reno Nv. I spoke to someone who was very kind ,However it had been over 24 hours and he could not adjust the bill.. Please everyone Beware!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	4	1	3	

<Author>Saysum
<Content>Wonderful hotel! I stayed here for a big conference on 10/26- 10/29 and was very impressed with the hotel. I paid $239 for a king bed through the conference. When I got there, I tried for a free upgrade but was granted only a remodeled room. However, as it turned out, it was wonderful. I will now review by category.Hotel: For those that don't know, this used to be the Pan Pacific hotel. It is located about 1 block from Union Square and is within walking distance to many nice restaurants and shops. You do need to take the elevator to the lobby.Room: I ended up with a remodeled corner room on the 10th floor. It was a wonderful looking room and was more spacious than most. I have never stayed in this hotel and don't know what to expect from the other rooms, but I was really happy with it. The bathroom was nice but only offered a shower. The bed was wonderful and had a down pillow top thingy over the mattress that made it wonderful. It had a big plasma TV and desk with a very very comfortable chair. I sat in that chair all the time. My room had two closes and a bar area as well. There looked to be a place for a fridge, but no fridge was found. Service: Very nice. I was there for 4 days and only opened the front door of the hotel a couple of times. There were always people there to do it and call a cab as well. The butler service was interesting and I only used it for a bucket of ice. There was nightly turn down service that would also fill up the ice bucket. My only complaint was that there were only 4 elevators in the whole hotel and sometimes required a short wait. All in all, it was a wonderful stay. Would definately return in the future.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sean_in_Arizona
<Content>Metropolitan Luxury??? Not until the renovations are complete!!!! I have stayed in many a JW鈥?and have always been satisfied with the rooms鈥?but lemme tell you, if you are planning on staying here鈥EMAND a renovated room or a huge discount!! I can only blame myself for requesting a very early check-in 鈥?the only room available for early check in was on a 鈥渓ow鈥?floor...exhausted I accepted鈥 was never told the room was not renovated. The room was clean, and typical 鈥ut NOT A JW!!! The only reason I didn鈥檛 complain is due to the fact the room had the JW bed and beddings, Bose radio and a plasma screen TV 鈥?aside from that鈥? NOTHING in the room was reminiscent of a JW. The carpet was worn, the furniture was dilapidated, the 鈥渇inish鈥?on the sink and bath tub were actually cracking and peeling! I think I got a mini derma-abrasion from the rough towels provided. I recognized the bath products from a Hilton Garden Inn I stayed in last week鈥?I never found the mini-bar鈥he in room coffee maker was inadequate.. no name coffee with powdered creamer鈥?How can sister hotel Ritz Carlton have such a fine coffee set up with Brand name coffees  real cream鈥?and JW get play-school props?? Amazing!!! When I tried to use the complementary town car service, I was told by the driver his trunk was full and could not accommodate by belongings鈥?strange as I was his only passenger?! I must give this hotel props though鈥?the location cannot be beat鈥he staff鈥lthough they neglected to alert me that the room was an old Pan Pacific room, were very accommodating and pleasant. The common areas were beautiful as are the renovated rooms 鈥?.Should you be lucky enuf to secure one.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Mid_West_Traveler
<Content>Great 4-Star Luxury Hotel I stayed two nights in August, 2007 at this hotel. I was very pleased with everything. ROOM: I was assigned one of the renovated rooms and it was beautiful, quiet, comfortable, spacious, and had lots of ammenities like separate shower and tub, electronic laptop safe, large functional desk, and large flat screen TV. The bed was outstanding as were the linens, pillows, and duvet. SERVICE: Service was excellent throughout my stay. There is a button on the wall in your room that you can push for just about any request. Someone appears at your door in a few moments - - service was efficient and fast. Every staff member I encountered was very polite and helpful. FITNESS: The hotel has a very nice fitness center with great equipment. CONCIERGE LOUNGE: The concierge lounge provides an excellent extended continental breakfast. TIP: the lounge gets crowded so I recommend you show up for breakfast early.LOCATION: The location is great - - right off Union Square behind the Westin St. Francis.RENOVATIONS: Although this hotel is going through a total renovation, you hardly notice it. I was impressed with how quiet the workers were. They hardly made any noise and certainly had no effect on my enjoyable stay. They are closing one floor at a time for renovations starting at the top and working down. I think the top 5 or 6 floors are done. The lobby is scheduled for renovation beginning in November. VALUE: This is not the most luxe, beautiful, or celebrated hotel in S.F. but it's an excellent choice and an excellent value when you consider that its rates are 1/2 or less than those at some of the 5-Star luxury hotels nearby. I've stayed at some of these hotels and they are amazing but I think the J.W. Marriott matches most of their quality and services at a much lower cost. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Historiana
<Content>A Bit Disappointed Must say that we were a bit disappointed with this Marriott property. When we were checking in guests on either side of us were arguing about their reservation. We had made a standard reservation for myself, my wife and our daughter. The room they gave us had a king bed with no room for a roll-away. The only solution was to pay for an upgrade to a small suite. The hotel is centrally located in the business district although the neighborhood did not feel that comfortable in the evening. The reception is on the third floor which is not the most convenient and the parking at $45 per night is steep. The room was a little worn but the hotel is undergoing renovations.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlaskanTraveller
<Content>Definitely! Great location, easy check-in, easy check-out, clean, comfortable, beyond inviting, just-right fitness center, knowledegable staff  the fun is in the details! Would definitely do it again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AstroLFW
<Content>Attentive staff, nice amenities We had a wonderful time at the J.W. Marriott. The staff was top rate, very attentive. For e.g., when we checked in, the computer showed our room was not ready but the staff went to the room personally to check on it and found that it was ready, saving us the wait. I asked for extra hangers for the closet and they were delivered in a matter of minutes. The hotel is in a nice location, and has great amenities inc. their concierge room. We stayed in a room not yet renovated, but still very clean and pleasant.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sylvrunr
<Content>Great hotel near Union Square We just got back from San Francisco. My husband attended a conference at the hotel and I joined him with our 18-month old son. The hotel is very nice and should be positively fabulous once the renovation is complete. The service is excellent! The concierge was terrific, providing maps, directions and wonderful dining suggestions. The door was always held open for us when we left and returned. We had a very nice room on the 13th floor with very comfy beds. (Now I know I need a new mattress at home!)  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrvlDva
<Content>Great hotel - fantastic location!       Sitting area  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heavenlymoon76
<Content>Great time at a great hotel in a great location with comfy beds! My husband and I stayed at the JW Marriott for 4 nights. The hotel is located only a couple of blocks from Union Square and a mere 10 min cab ride to Pier 39. The rooms are a bit small, and a little out dated, but we didn't spend much time in the room so that was ok. The beds are really comfy and cozy. Our room was on the 8th floor (813) and our window was overlooking Post Street. It can be quite noisy from the traffic (especially for us since we are from the desert and never hear traffic ever). The noise usually dies down around 10pm (later on the weekends) and then starts back up again arond 5am. If you aren't used to the noise, you may want to ask for a room on a higher floor or a room that is not located directly on Post Street. I think the one great thing that sets this hotel apart from others is the staff. They are remarkable! Very friendly, very accomodating and very helpful. We only ate breakfast at the restaurant located in the hotel, and it was pretty good. For about $20 you can get the breakfast buffet with fresh fruit, pastries, bagels, cereals, eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes etc. All in all we had a great time and would definetely stay here again (sounds like the hotel is going to be pretty posh after the remodel too).  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>racerdog
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Pan Pacific for 4 days in May of 2005 while attending a Diabetes Technology Conference. The hotel is lovely and the staff were friendly and very helpful. My room was a double queen. It was a lovely room, very clean, posh bathroom, housekeeping was excellent. The local is ideal for exploring the city.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TauntonInternational
<Content>Relaxing stay! Just had a fantastic 9 nights at the JW Marriott in SFO. We arrived pretty late (around midnight) after what seemed an eternity of flying/passport control/delays and the first thing that strikes you about this hotel is how friendly, courteous and efficient ALL the staff are! During our stay, our very nice hire car was treated with the utmost respect by the valet, the hotel doors were always opened for you (and the one time it wasn't the doorman apologised!), the check-in and check-out was seamless, room service was prompt with very good food and the concierge was particularly knowledgeable and loaded us up with informative maps of the city and Napa valley.The hotel is in a fairly central location; not far from the crowds of Union Square, but far enough not to hear the bells of the cable cars which begin in nearby Powell Street. The hotel rooms are well appointed with plenty of space, and are light and airy. There is no double-glazing on the street-facing windows, so unfortunately there is quite a lot of noise. For some reason San Francisco is beseeched by constant fire trucks and although we never saw any smoke, you'd think the city was burning down some nights! As mentioned in other people's reviews of this hotel, the bathroom is a little dated and a bit too gaudy for early in the morning, but everything worked and supplies were stocked daily. It was nice to have a cup of freshly brewed coffee from the machine supplied. It's little things like this (and having an ironing board and iron in every room) that help when you're away from home for a while!We managed to get a good rate ($239) but still thought that internet access should be included. It is expensive at nearly $13 per night, but at least this does include unlimited local and long distance US calls which is a nice touch (no more $5 charge to phone for take out!).  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>AnotherHoustonian
<Content>Superior hotel. Great service, great location, top notch all around. Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous. This hotel is a notch above the rest. The service is unbelievable. You need dinner reservations at a restaurant perfectly suited for your mood? No problem. Great theatre seats? Piece of cake. The staff is falling over themselves in an effort to make your stay more pleasant. The rooms are extremely nice. This hotel easily surpasses the average Westin, Intercontinental, etc. I can't recommend this hotel enough. You will love it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jazzmom
<Content>JW Marriott - Nice but not perfect Just returned from 5 night stay at the JW near Union Square. Originally had been booked into the Parc 55, but found out they are no longer part of Marriott. Not willing to give up 5 nights of points, we changed hotels. Check in was smooth. The entire hotel is undergoing a reno over the next 6-9 months and the new design looks great. Very vibrant and sophisticated. Our assigned room was nice but not yet redone. Good size for a big city hotel. Small flat screen tv was nice. Bathroom was spacious and covered with brown marble, but a bit dated. Apparently part of the decor from the former asian theme hotel chain. Room did not have access to refrigeration which is always so great to have. Also the bedside lighting was poor due to the energy saving fluorescent ring bulbs. Housekeeping was a bit of a weak spot as well. After 4 days, I finally called to ask for my shower stall to be treated for mildew. It was overlooked each day. Used the Concierge Lounge a few times in the morning and in the evening. Very nice breakfast options and sweets for dessert after dinner. Always so nice to have access to. Used the airport shuttle service arranged by hotel concierge for trip to airport. Worked just fine and saved money for sure. We will be back!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>4familySanFrancisco
<Content>Best hotel in San Francisco Every aspect of our stay was nothing short of perfect. If I could give six stars I would . And if it wasn't perfect to begin with it was fixed immediately. Two of the windows in our gorgeous room (corner overlooking Union Square) didn't close properly and the engineer came up and fixed them right away. We asked for a fridge for the room - again delivered immediately. Extra pillows, no problem. More coffee, no problem. Our room was spotless and well appointed. The bed was comfortable - lighting was good, great work space and the bathrooms are fabulous. In fact, we were surprised to find out the hotel was in the middle of a remodel. Every request was kindly answered from how often the cable cars ran to asking the concierge at 5:30pm on Saturday evening if he knew of a place to get a manicure late and out of thin air he found one around the corner open until 7:30pm. Fantastic! The hotel was at high occupancy and we didn't hear noise from other guests or see any service issues - again - everything perfect. We had an amazing dinner at the restaurant in the lobby. The gentleman that served us went above and beyond to meet every request including helping us negotiate the menu for our son who is allergic to egg. He had the kitchen prepare special chicken nuggets for him. (We have NEVER had any hotel or dining place go to the effort of creativity.) Our son was captivated by the inside elevator and beautiful fountain in the lobby. My husband and my meals rivaled those of our favorite places to eat. We found out later that it's one of the best places to eat in San Francisco. Room service was incredible -- right on time and everything delicious. Our little guy thought the Disney on demand (little Einstein's and Mickey mouse) in the room was terrific and didn't want to go home. In fact, it was heard to tear him from the room watching the traffic and Union Square from the window so we will definitely be back. The hotel is one block from the cable car line down to Fisherman's wharf. It's right off of Union Square and the location is the best place to be in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shelleyr25
<Content>Very impressed!! Great stay!! Stayed over on July 4th weekend for one night and was very pleased. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 3pm but were quickly upgraded to a large suite!! Our room had 2 beautiful bathrooms, queen bed, sleeper sofa, kitchen area, office area and so much more. For a family of 4 it beats sharing one room with 2 double beds anytime!! The service at the front desk was fine and my kids loved the bowl of apples that were always out for the taking. Valet parking was great and when we parked our car and needed to grab a cab in a rush we were offered the hotels car service instead for no charge!! Now that is service!!Our package included breakfast for 2 at the buffet in the morning and although it was not a huge spread everything was very tasty and nicely presented. Service was a tad slow but I am also an impatient person :)All in all I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lovinglife72
<Content>Kyle the Super Concierge Got a great last-minute deal on Travelocity for 3 nights at the JW Marriot with airfare over the July 4 holiday. Very content with this hotel upon arrival and throughout my stay. Is it ultra modern and sexy? No. Is it the hot spot in town? No. Is it extra plush? Nah. But what it does have is an elegant lobby, super friendly staff and clean comfy rooms. My room was on the 16th floor with a nice city view. You can tell that with a little elbow grease via the current renovation this hotel will be something special. A few scruffs on walls and on furniture didn't take away from the overall airy rooms and open feel of the space. All slight aesthetic tarnishes are trumped by the service. Amazing. From the doorman to room service to reception. The biggest delight of my stay at the JW Marriot was a terrific conciege by the name of Kyle. His good humor and excellent, patient advice helped me throughout my solo trip in a new city. From tips on how to brave the 4th of July crowds at Pier 39 to off-the-beaten path restaurants in The Castro and Filmore, this guy's suggestions and recommendations were top-notch and really helped me navigate the city. Kyle is a gem. Kudos to him and everyone at the JW. I'd stay again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkhorse
<Content>Wonderful stay - Would return in a heartbeat! I stayed here for one night, and was told it used to be the Pan Pacific Hotel which retained some of its asian themes. The bed and feather-pillows were luxurious and very comfortable. Complimentary robes were given and they even had a phone in the bathroom. Caution, don't push the button in the bathroom, unless you want the conceirge to call you! There was a turn-down service, which was nice. The service is impeccable, the staff was friendly  helpful. I liked the location of the hotel, which is very close to all the shopping you need. For cocktails, hit up the Redroom, which has a classy bar-lounge atmosphere. I stayed with a friend, but this hotel could serve nicely as a family or romantic getaway. You can't beat the location. Park at the Union Street Garage which is a short walk away. I would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Opus367
<Content>Nice Rooms Stayed here with clients. Staff was courteous and accommodating. Beds were extremely comfortable. Bose radio was amazing. Could use some updates and a larger LCD TV but I was told a major renovation will be happening in 2007.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>djyankeesny
<Content>Great Stay! We just completed a week long stay at the JW Marriott San Francisco from 6/18-6/25. Overall, the hotel was nice and very clean. The doormen were extremely nice and helpful with getting directions or a taxicab. The concierge was also very helpful with assisting us in planning our days site seeing events. The hotel is located pretty much around the corner from Union Square and all the shopping a girl could ever ask for! The hotel has a lovely restaurant that, though pricey, is very tastey. Room service is prompt and friendly. So overall a good stay. There were only few things we were unhappy about were, the beds were kind of soft, so I woke up with a backache and a neckache from the equally soft pillows. Also slightly inconvenient was the false fire alarms that went off twice during the night while we were sound asleep. I can't say I would stay here again because I probably wont go back to San Francisco, but I didn't see another hotel in the city that I woud have rather stayed at. Sorry, we didn't take photos of the hotel or room, but the photos on the website are accurate.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Dave/Kim
<Content>Don't trust the reviews! We stayed at the JW Marriott San Francisco from June 15-17, 2007 and were very impressed! After reading the trip advisor reviews, I was sorry that Priceline had accepted our bid ($89) and very nervous as we had 3 rooms booked for a graduation.After we parked at the parking lot across the street (thanks reviewers), we were greeted at the front desk without a wait and given rooms on the 38th floor (the View lounge is on the 39th). The reviewers who stated that priceline customers were treated with little respect were wrong on our account. The view from our room was awesome of the Bay Bridge and beyond.The room was very clean (I'm very picky) and well decorated, the gym fantastic, Starbucks in the lobby very convenient and the View Lounge beautiful with great service and view of the entire city. The location is fantastic (close to Union Square shopping)! The coffee service in the room was broken and a new one was brought up within 5 minutes on a busy Saturday morning.We will return to this wonderful property and hope that Marriott accepts our Priceline bid in the future.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cali_Cal
<Content>Recommended We reserved a room with 2 queen beds for 4 girls to share. When we arrived, they only had a room with 1 king bed, so they gave us another room with a king for 1/2 price. They also gave us free parking for the mix-up, which was a nice bonus considering the usual price. Parking is $50 a night, but I had rented an SUV - $80 a night for oversized vehicles!! WOW!! There is a much cheaper parking garage just a block down the street - they can direct you to it. Anyhow, we were very pleased with our 2 rooms. Typical Marriott rooms. Good size and very comfortable. We decided to splurge on the breakfast buffet. It's expensive, but good. The bar/restaurant at the top has great views. The hotel is in a great location for shopping and restaurants. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>xoxx
<Content>Don't bother. Don't expect the quality of the usual JW Marriott brand. This hotel is starting to undergo renovations and until completed, is currently like any worn-out Marriott. Decor is dated, rooms are unattractive- old, worn funiture, minibars have been removed. Basically, it's a tired hotel with no luxuries. Staff are pleasant, but not particularly attentive for a 4 star property. Location is close to Union Square. You can do better for the price.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>LoveTraveler77
<Content>Nice Hotel The Hotel was nice, but really not a WOW factor like many says. Valet Parking was expensive; I used a parking lot around the corner for far less. We didn't eat much at the hotel but for the two times we did we used room service, and ate a nice Asian restaurant located in the lobby at the rear of the hotel; food was good both times. Though a few streets away from major crime area, like anywhere where you find clubs, hotel is near Union Square and shopping. Visitors center located near the hotel go purchase Cable Car tickets.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Akgambler
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice Location This is a nice hotel in a nice location. I would say though, that it is barely above average, only because there is nothing really special about it. The rooms are nice, and the bathrooms roomy. My husband doesn't care for the pedestal sink and feels there was a shortage of counter space - but I found the shelves useful instead. Like all hotels, not enough outlets in the bathroom. Nice mirror, nice seperate tub and shower, and a tv. Comfortable bed and linens. What I didn't like was the lounge area. Very cold, not fun to sit and have a cocktail and visit there. The location of this hotel is excellent. Probably for SF the price is reasonable, but given the choice I might stay at the Donatello next time (right next door) for the decor and price. Like staying at Marriotts in general to get my rewards points, but a little pricey for the ammenities provided. Overall a nice experience, not particularly romantic, would stay again but might stay somewhere else.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>JMurphyCork
<Content>Honeymoon Enjoyed staying here but not a wow factor hotellocation great,not a great hotel for a honeymoon - should have went elsewherewould recommend it for other travellers but not honeymooners  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>TNConstanttraveler
<Content>Would definitely return! By the time I had reached this hotel, I had been to four different cities and was grouchy and warn out. The staff, right from the door man to the room service staff were outstanding. This property used to be a Pan Pacific Hotel, one of my personal favorites, so I knew I couldn't go too wrong here. The rooms were a very good size and unusually positioned with a hallway in and the bathroom around the corner. The bathrooms were plush with all the amenities you expect in an upper scale hotel, such as a separate shower, high end products and two robes of different weight (and size). There was an LCD television. Upon arrival, on the 3rd floor, at check-in there was a beverage set-up with fresh fruit water. I tried the restaurant and room service and actually preferred the room service as there was more selection! The staff is probably the best part of this hotel. Eager to go out of their way to make your stay as comfortable as possible. I had shopped and knew I would never fit my purchases in my already overstuffed suicase, so the concierge FedEx'd my purchases to my home! outstanding. The hotel is conveniently located about a block or so away from the shopping mecca of Union Square. I cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2FromTrona
<Content>About to be Renovated but still good Spent 3 nights here and have no complaints. Sign outside says the hotel is about to start a major renovation so watch out for that. Rooms are tastefully decorated but some of the furniture is a bit battered. Comfortable beds. Bathrooms are maybe not to everybody's taste but they are a decent size and certainly don't lack for marble.Service was very good. Had one dinner at the restaurant - food was pretty good (if pricey) but they place was almost deserted and around8:15pm they started to clear tables and set up for breakfast. Location is great but there a a LOT of homeless in San Francisco including around this area. Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TwoLondoners
<Content>Absolutely loved it! We escaped here after originally planning to stay at the Rex, which we found to be way below par when we booked in. We loved the room, which was a little small but very comfortable, and really loved the huge bathroom, with separate shower cubicle and deep bath. The concierge was very helpful, the doormen charming and we just felt like this hotel had things spot on. Very comfy beds, too...we would definitely stay here again. I'm not sure what the breakfast is like in the hotel as we like to go out when we're on holiday so no comment there...  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HelloThereAgain
<Content>Comfort In The City By The Bay It is easy to leave one's heart in San Francisco, especially if you book a room at the JWM at current rates.First, the location is ideal. One can easily take the Bay Area Rapid Transport (BART) from SFO for $5.15 and arrive at the Powell Street station, emerging from the subway right smack dab in the thick of the The City where Powell meets Market Street. Roll with the good times up hill a few blocks past Union Square to the JWM and check in with a friendly desk clerk at the third floor lobby, which is a bit dark but serene.One of four glass enclosed elevators will come quickly to fetch you from the lobby and take you up to one of 22 or so floors, down a hall that is light and airy, to a room that is clean, bright, comfortable and well appointed. The room features a king bed with soft sheets and a fantastic assortment of pillows, from soft to firm, short to long, down-filled to polyester; I counted at least six. I was impressed, particularly since hotels far too often overlook or skimp on this essential ingredient for a good night's rest.The room has a good working thermostat, wet bar, small fridge, Bose clock-radio (but alas no CD player), coffee maker, flat screen television (but alas a small one), and cotton robes (but alas no slippers). The carpet looks good and crown molding adds a nice touch, but some of the furniture is dated. The window treatments were effective and the windows actually open, but they are not double-paned or noise proof. The bathroom is well laid out with attractive fixtures, mirrors and marble. There is a separate glass shower, a full length tub, myriad toiletries, and plenty of towels.Maid service in the morning and turn-down in the evening were exceptional. On the topic of service, the JWM folks I met were friendly and response time for ice from room service (since there are no ice making machines) was stellar.There is an adequate gym for working out on the 5th Floor with televisions, complimentary towels, water bottles and apples. There is no sauna, jacuzzi or pool (got to go to the Ritz Carlton or the Nikko for those features).Following the major redo of this property which I am told is underway, I would expect room rates to rise as well. For now, at about $190 per room (for the 360 square foot version), a few nights here will, along with all the other great sights, sounds, and tastes of The City, go a long way towards stealing your heart....  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>housered
<Content>Pink marble everywhere! My overwhelming memory of this hotel are the bathrooms which are really so naff they should be granted some sort of historical preservation order. Pink marble, gaudy fittings - incredible. The problem is you keep spotting the same pink marble elsewhere in the hotel and this leaves you deeply traumatised. The good news is the hotel is about to have a 36m dollar makeover - hopefully the bathrooms are top priority. Pink marble aside it's a nice place if a bit dated. The big, open lobby is intimate enough to enjoy pre dinner drinks. Breakfast service is friendly and efficient as is the valet parking. The central location, just by Union Sq. makeS this an ideal place to stay to enjoy Downtown and restaurants but just be careful not to wander into Tenderloin which is very nearby - we did and felt threatened and vulnerable ( we were jostled and called white trash).  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>NCTraveler-56
<Content>Great location We stayed at the JW for two nights last week and enjoyed the Union Square location. The hotel lobby is attractive with a nice restaurantfor breakfast with a good buffet. The rooms are abit dated, but comfortable. We had a kingsize with city view, the bathroom was spacious and modern. They didn't restock our mini bar or our toiletries without us calling, but you do have a personal butler available. Hertz rental is available within the hotel. We rented a car and drove an hour or so into Napa Valley, Sonoma and on to Carmel during our week in California.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ValerieBrooklyn
<Content>A Perfect Stay My boyfried and I stayed here this past weekend for a long weekend away from the cold of NYC. We had a fabulous stay. The room was quite spacious given the price of the room and the service was excellent. The morning Concierge (Andrea) was wonderful and planned a trip that was amazing for us. I would stay away from the evening Concierge (Kyle? I think) b/c he really didn't listen to what we were looking for but Andrea rocked! The only thing I found unnerving was the fact that there are mirrors EVERYWHERE in the bathroom - you could watch yourself showering, taking a bath, brushing one's teeth and other unmentionable acts. Losing a few mirrors would be helpful. But that's a minor issue. I am extremely picky and was pleasantly surprised at this place - especially after reading a comment below that said it looks dated to worn. If you want something modern and new then go spend the money at the St. Regis or Hotel Palomar. You definitely get what you pay for here: a comfortable bed, great service, and a positive stay.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>kbberliner
<Content>Loved It ! Am a local, but we wanted to spend the night in the city. This hotel has excellent service. Everyone was wonderful and very helpful. The rooms were awesome. Nicely decorated and very clean. The bathroom was huge and had everything you could possibly want. I highly recommend this hotel for everyone. The hotel is within walking distance of Union Square and the downtown shopping areas.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cindiloo3
<Content>Nice hotel, but bathroom, although gorgeous, could use improvement The hotel service was excellent, and no complaints. My visit was for business, and my associate and I were booked into adjoining rooms on the 10th floor. There was no view, but we had a government rate, and a view was not why we were there. The rooms were large and comfortable, and the robes were plush. The bathroom, although gorgeous, were problematic. I am fairly short (5' 2) and most of the counter space was a backsplash-sized ledge behind a large Kohler sink. It was difficult for me to reach most of my things over the sink. More bathroom counter space would have been nice, and I would have gladly given up the tv for the space. Similarly, the shower was tiny, even for someone my size. I am under 120 pounds, but I found the shower small and confining. (I hoped I did not drop the soap because there wasn't much room to bend down and pick it up!) The water pressure was also not that good. I would have preferred using the tub (which had a hand-held shower), but there was no curtain. I would stay here again, but for the fact the bathrooms (a major concern when I stay) were not as functional as I want.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>slickvicwtc
<Content>Great Room! Stayed at this hotel when it was the Pan Pacific. The room was luxurious for the price. Most comfortable bed I've slept in. The bathroom was all marble with a tv and bathtub. The hotel itself is on the quieter side, no nightlife in the lobby but good for a relaxing stay.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>homesyd
<Content>Great Place and Location Having read the reviews for several major chain hotels on this website, we finally decided on JW Marriott. We were not disappointed. Location was great, just 1 block from Union Square and the cable car stop. Quiet location and handy to restaurants. We walked from the BART station at Powell St although uphill it was not that bad!. The hotel is due for refurbishment in Spring 2007. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The front desk was helpful and friendly. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Heatman
<Content>Great stay and location I read all the reviews before hand and we have stayed at the Ritz Carlton twice before so our expectations were high! We weren't disappointed. It was my wife's birthday and I booked a Romance Package which included a nicely appointed room, champagne, chocolate dipped strawberries, and a buffet breakfast. All for just over $200 a night! Sure the valet $42.00 a day parking is stiff but its the big city. The location; a short block to Union Square shopping, a half block to Currant Theater and all the best resturants within easy walking distance. The buffet breakfast was simple and well done plus you can order eggs, pancakes or waffels your way, no extra charge. Service was impeccable and courteous. The Ritz is a super place to stay but its away from shopping and resturants and twice the price at best! Plus its a steep walk to Union Square and a mountain walking back for us fifty year young people. Marriott JW would be my vote if your going to the City by the Bay  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kimokeo
<Content>Great location        View from street level  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mrs_nuts
<Content>No Problems I stayed at this location many times when it was the Pan Pacific but this was my first visit since it has become JW Marriott. I was a little leery do to some of the other reviews, but had a great stay. No complaints, whatsoever. Cleanliness, service and rooms were all great. Looks as if they are planning a renovation for later this year, so things should only get better.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nockamura
<Content>Good stay at the Marriott My wife and I stayed at the Pan Pacific several years ago, before it became the JW Marriott, and we were very happy with our stay. For the most part, Marriott continues the tradition. The bed was large and comfortable, the view was good and the service was excellent. The only problem was that the walls seemed to be very thin and every morning we could hear our neighbors who had 2 children. The father would talk on his phone and the children would scream, yell and run around; all this would start at about 7AM. Marriott would be well advised to invest in some sound insulation of some sort or keep families with children near each other. The location is only one block from the center of union square, which should be a key point in choosing a hotel in San Francisco. We like the JW Marriott, but we love the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>DCinDC
<Content>JW Marriott is nice, but a bit dated. The JW was very nice as described by other reviewers. Bathroom was marble, things were clean, room was large for SF, etc. Downside is that the room did feel a bit worn and dated. The furniture is nicked and a bit old; even the paint color (peach) seemed a bit dated. Nothing major and it doesn't detract from your stay, but we noticed it. Apparently, the hotel is going to be renovated in Spring 2007, which will help. Other things were as expected of a JW Marriott: staff was very nice and helpful; bellmen hailed cabs for us; room was very quiet; etc. Conceirge was pretty much absent due to the xmas holiday, but the front desk staff was provided directions, etc, so it wasn't a bit deal. Location is excellent in Union Square-- close to the cable car at Powell St, and bus and BART lines on Market St. Overall, however, I was more impressed by my stay at the Hotel Monaco in September 2004-- (we were upgraded to a suite, so the comparison is not entirely apt) it's newer and feels more special than did the JW Marriott.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MemberKCMO
<Content>Wonderful 10th Anniversary My husband and I visited the J.W. Marriott November 11th-15th to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We greatly enjoyed our stay. The service was outstanding from the front desk to the valet. The valet staff was particularly helpful. They ensured that we always knew where we were going when we left the hotel and always warmly welcomed us back upon each return.This hotel has a very good location. It is within walking distance to many of the city's attractions and restaurants. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was phenomenal. The other special touches provided by the hotel such as wine and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us upon our arrival, made our stay very special. We will definitely stay here upon our next return to San Francisco.This is not hotel related, but I would not recommend renting a vehicle unless you plan to venture further than the city of San Fran. We rented a vehicle and then ended up riding the BART to most locations. The BART was easy to use and very convenient. A welcome break from driving.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>howthedevil
<Content>JW was superb This was the first time that my girlfriend and I stayed in SF and we were unsure as to whether to stay at Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf or Union Sq. We decided on Union Sq. based on feedback on TripAdvisor and it was absolutely the correct decision. The area felt very safe both day and night which was important to us both.We were delighted with the JW, the location was perfect, walking distance to all the shopping and restaurants around the Square (a 2 minute walk), the Cable Car and to Chinatown. Market St is about a 5-10 minute walk and there is loads of good shopping there too. It costs $10 maximum to get to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and there were always cabs available outside the hotel even over Thanksgiving when I imagine it is busier than usual. The hotel is also very near to all the car rental companies which was also really useful to us.The hotel itself was perfect 鈥?we paid $179 a night and stayed on the 18th floor with a fantastic south-facing view. The room was great, a decent size, immaculate, quiet and had everything that you could need (you shouldn鈥檛 spend too much time in your room in this City anyway鈥?The staff couldn鈥檛 have been more friendly and helpful. At the Concierge desk, Kyle Yergensen is worthy of a special mention for all the spot-on advice he gave us with regard to drinking and dining; a real credit to the hotel.We will absolutely stay here again when we return to San Francisco and I think the 拢100 a night rate is about right.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hughsey
<Content>Great Hotel in San Fran We were impressed with the hotel's architecture. The room was standard but the bathroom was lovely. The hotel was close to shopping and restaurants. We would stay here again in San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lollyjomartinl
<Content>Fabulous!! I don't know why others have left bad reviews, our stay at the JW in October was perfect. Our room was gorgeous, the carpet looked new, the bathroom was also very new. The only thing I can say is that some of the furniture had dings in it, but it did not affect the quality of our holiday. The bed was very clean and comfortable, the room was sizeable and very nice and quiet. Great location for Union Square shoppers and very attentive service. No complaints!! A little expensive, but what's a holiday for?  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTRunner
<Content>Not up to Marriott Standards (JW or not.) I have to agree with the author below. This hotel is not even close to even regular Marriott standards. It is very dated particularly the rooms . The carpeting is something out of the 1970's and is worn and in need of replacement. The bathroom vent appeared burnt and had a disgusting look to it. The shower, which was freestanding glass enclosed badly needed regrouting. Water pressure was slow in the bathroom sink. You can see where this is going. Better bet for the money is The SF Marriott on 4th Street or the new Hilton on Kearny- both properties are very good having stayed at both numerous times. Hopefully someone at Marriott will see this and get going on getting this hotel up to snuff as it does have a lot of potential.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>3	1	1	3	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>MFLetou
<Content>Just Average The JW Marriott San Francisco was a bit of a disappointment given the strong reputation the property had under its previous owner, the Pan Pacific.There's nothing wrong with the hotel--its clean enough, in a good location, with a staff that tries well enough. But there's nothing special, either. In short, the place just seems kind of dated, worn. Its hard to point the finger at any one thing, but the lobby decor and the large atrium seem a bit out of place for this kind of hotel. The rooms itself are plainly decorated. My request for a high floor with a view was NOT accomodated despite elevated Marriott status. Instead, I was given a larger room, which was indeed roomy enough. The bathroom size was a major plus, though the mirrors all over is a bit disconcerting (you don't really need to be looking at yourself doing EVERYTHING!).The bed was NOT comfortable at all. This property does not have Marriott's Revive bedding, and the mattress was stiff and firm. My back ached after one night. The location just off Union Square is very good for touring the city. Instead of the hotel restaurant, which was very expensive, we ate at Lori's Diner across the street. Actually ran into some members of the Boston Red Sox, who were staying at the nearby Westin St. Francis. The staff itself were pleasant enough, but in rather short supply. The valet service, on the other hand, is a DISASTER. Upon checking out, we had to wait at least 25 minutes for our car, and they constantly seemed overwhelmed and disorganized. At nearly $50 a night for parking, that's simply unacceptable.Overall, the next time I'm in San Francisco, I will try a different hotel. The St. Francis is literally down the street, and there are a bunch of others nearby. Its not that the JW is a bad place, its just not a particularly special one. Marriott should invest money and freshen it up if they are going to brand it a JW.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>travelers1008
<Content>Great hotel in the middle of everything! We stayed at the JW Marriot for only one night, but it was the nicest hotel on our road trip. The front desk was very helpful and courteous and the room was very comfortable. The bed was great, as was the bathroom. I rarely take baths in hotel rooms, but I did here, because of the nice fixtures and TV. This hotel is walking distance to many sights and Union Square.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ocgal05
<Content>Excellent stay at the JW Union Square We stayed at the JW Marriott in downtown San Francisco for 3 nights in Sept. The location of the hotel is perfect, just 4 blocks from the BART station, in the midst of Union Square with lots of chain shops but also some boutiques, great restaurants, theatres and at least one nightclub. A new Bloomingdales opened up a couple blocks away the week after our visit. The lobby and reception areas are very nice. The room was nice size (we had a double double), large bathroom with a tub and separate shower. The furniture and carpet in the room do need an update and this is my sole complaint with the hotel. But the beds were very comfortable, the windows open, and the a/c was incredibly quiet. Front desk, doormen, and housekeeping staff were all very friendly and courteous. Turn down service was a nice touch.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NeverUnpacked
<Content>Great Weekend Our stay was September 21-24th. We used the BART from the airport and walked about 4 blocks to the property from the Powell Street Station. We discovered this was a great central location and a good value for the price (after comparing to other properties in the area).Quick, friendly check-in (which was true of all of our experiences with the staff - they were friendly, gracious, helpful, respectful, knowledgeable and observant). Room service was quickly delivered our first night. The room was clean and daily maid service was excellent, though I agree with a previous post that the room itself is showing some minor signs of wear and tear (scuff marks, start of peeling wallpaper, etc); also, the mattress pillow seemed a bit worn and not nearly as comfortable as other Marriotts where we've stayed, but it was adequate and not important enough to report to the management. Otherwise, the room was spacious enough for two of us to prepare for the day each morning and comfortable enough to stretch out in the evening. Loved the bathroom setup (didn't watch too much TV in there though).We did get a nightcap  dessert one evening for our only other exposure to the hotel's food  drink offerings. Service was up to previously mentioned standards and a delicious bread pudding satisifed my wife's craving for sweets.To accomodate our late afternoon flight home we asked for and received an extra hour to check out (1pm). It was generally a nice experience.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Asilo
<Content>Marriott's first Five Star hotel in San Francisco Last April, Marriott took over the previous Pan Pacific Hotel, a luxury hotel on the corner of Marsh and Post streets just one block away from Union Square. The choicest of all locations in our opinion. We had stayed at the Pan Pacific and thought it fine, but already...in just 5 months, Marriott is showing a deft touch at improving the property. Your greeting at the front desk is full of smiles, your room immaculate with valet services and a turn down service. Breakfast was the best hotel breakfast we have ever had and the doorman and garage attendants couldn't have been more accomodating and friendly, An absolute hit with us and already a big improvement. Marriott has two hotel properties down by Fisherman's Wharf. This is their first luxury property in the City of San Fran. And they can be proud of it alreadyArroyo Grande, CA  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carie
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stayed at the JW Marriott Sept. 4-8th with my mom. I booked this hotel through Priceline for $90 a night so this was an exceptional deal considering the rooms go for $200 plus a night. They were gracious enough to accomodate my room request of 2 doubles and non-smoking (although the hotel was scheduled to go non-smoking at the end of the week anyways). They also gave me a late check-out (2PM instead of noon).The room itself was very nice. The beds were extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was very nice, although I would have forgone the large sunken tub for a roomier shower and a second sink. (With 2 women getting ready in the morning, a second vanity is always nice). The shower was pretty small and was hard to maneuver in. Water pressure was just okay. The tv in the bathroom was a nice touch. Our rooms were always cleaned when we returned at night and turndown service was available each night. I did call the front desk the first morning because I was having trouble with the hairdryer. Someone was at my door with a new one in just a few minutes. Although my requests were always pretty simple and mostly direction oriented, the concierge was extremely nice and always happy to help with a smile. This seemed more like a hotel suited for business travelers, but it works just fine for tourists as well. I would recommend this hotel. There are several starbucks within a few block radius - it's just 2 blocks from Union Square and the Powell Cable Car turnaround, and near lots of shopping.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>montrealitgirl
<Content>Great Location at JW We stayed at the JW in San Fran for 3 nights. We really enjoyed it. it is a chain hotel, but feels very luxurious and personal in a way. Check in was extremely gracious. I booked this through travelzoo, so my rate was very good (160/night) On the trevalezoo web site it said to mention upgrade posiibility at check in. We were upgrade to city view room. It is a nice room that has been updated with new carpeting and new decorating etc. I hate to have seen what a non-view room was as our view was just average....at least we could see some ocean and some hills in the distance. but there were also buildings right next to us. The be is huge and comfy. but it is the bathrooom that is to behold...marble marble and more marble. The seperate shower is a treat, bu the tub would need to be changed...looks out of place in such a beautifull bathroom. There is a small television as well. In the room there is a plasma gateway...which is very nice indeed.My only complaint is bout housekeeping. I think they are understaffed. we had to call for a few things ( stain on Pillow sham) and each time it took FOREVER for service to come. In my opinion, that is not acceptable for a hotel which claims to be 5star...right?the bar area is nice, with 3 oversized fireplaces...but plan on ordering unless you wan to be made to feel out of place if you just want to read by the fire.....strange service approach!all in all we loved Sanfrancisco and the JW was a great, central place from which to visit!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>CB777
<Content>Perfect stay! Fantastic location! I couldn't have been happier with my JW Marriott experience. I stayed 3 nights with my girlfriend to celebrate our anniversary.We arrived early on a Thursday and not only were allowed an early check-in but also were upgraded. After check-in I asked the doorman for a breakfast recommendation and he had the hotel towncar drop us off at Dottie's True Blue Cafe. When we got back to our room, Vivian at the front desk had a bottle of Merlot and a handwritten card to congratulate us.The JW was the best choice for us!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thegov
<Content>Okay, but needs a Serious update I booked this reservation expecting the JW Marriott brand to be the flagship of the Marriott chain, and an example of a high end hotel. This was not the case. In general, the hotel looks like it has not been touched since the 1980's. There are cheesy brass and mirrored fixtures everywhere. The marque of a great hotel is how well the small details are addressed. In this case, the carpets were worn and dirty, the baseboards and trim in my room were scuffed and dirty, and the walls had marks all over them. My $12.95 per day internet access was HORRIBLY slow, and the mini bar in my room was never refilled. Its time for a major renovation for this hotel. From a service standpoint, the staff was terriffic! All of the people we encountered did a great job of taking care of us, and really anticipated our needs. There were no service issues at all. All in all, this hotel is worth staying at, as long as you don't pay more than about $170 a night.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	4	4	1	

<Author>CHNJ
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We decided to choose the JW Marriott based on the reviews I read in TripAdvisor. I am glad I relied on those reviews. It was a wonderful experience. The hotel was in a great location, one block from Union Square. The service was wonderful. The concierge was probably the best we ever had at a hotel. Very knowledgeable and always able to provide assistance. The room was perfect. Very comfortable bed. No view but we were out in the city most of the day. We are happy we opted not to have a car in the city and relied on public transportation as the cost for parking was a bit high at $42 per day.I would definitely recommend the hotel. We had gotten a great price through Travelzoo special.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nutzyme6
<Content>Great Hotel!! We stayed at the Marriott for 4 nights while in San Francisco. The check in staff was friendly and we were impressed with our room. We did not have a view, but who spends much time in their room anyway. The beds were extremely comfortable, you almost felt as if you were home and it was great to have extra pillows in the room. The bathroom was amazing, the tub was so incredible that I had to relax in there every day. Having the television in the bathroom was an added bonus while soaking in the tub. I read many reviews and a lot of people were not happy with the flat screen televisions, but I thought that it was great - much better than most hotels. I got an amazing deal on this hotel. I waited until a week before we left and found them on Travelzoo for half the price of all other websites. The location was perfect. Was about a block from Union Square and so many different restaurants to walk to. We had a rental car, but gave it back early since we would not be using it while in the city. You can walk everywhere and take a taxi when needed. Some recommendations for breakfast are Cafe Mason, they have incredible croissant french toast and Sears around the corner for their pancakes. The staff was extremely friendly and were there to help you with anything that you needed.I will definitely recommend the hotel to anyone that is going to San Francisco and can't wait to go back!!My best suggestion for anyone traveling to San Francisco is to pick up some of the guide books that are next to the newspapers on the street corners, not only do they have great maps, but also some discounts for restaurants and attractions.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BoogRock
<Content>This may be one of the better hotels in the area.... ...but based on my own travel experience, I cannot give this property more than 3 stars. Granted, this was our first trip to SF, and we had just returned from an AWESOME experience at the Renaissance Lodge in Sonoma. We had high expectations based on all of the postings on TripAdvisor, and I am sorry to say that not a single one of them were met.It is true that we did not encounter any real problems at the JW, however, we were discouraged by the following:- no one from the staff or management acknowledged the special occasion we were celebrating, which I had noted on the reservation. The other hotels we stayed at on the trip offered room upgrades, coupons for special services, or even just a simple congratulations.- room was small, strangely shaped, and had lots of wasted space, poor view and ventilation, and a non-functioning air conditioner.- yes, the bathroom was huge with many modern amenities, but what's with the flimy sliding door?- staff entering rooms offered a quick knock before entering instead of giving you an opportunity to actually respond.- there is no pastry cart, coffee shop, or gift shop in the hotel -- simply a high-end restaurant that didn't look like any place we needed to eat.-strange 1-cup coffee maker.-outrageous $47 parking fee.- boring and dated art-deco decor.- younger and inexperienced staff members. There was definitely a feeling of indifference from the employees.Like I said, this was my 1st time in SF and maybe this holds up to the city's standards for 4-star lodging, but it doesn't hold up to mine. We won't be back.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Paaltjes
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We arrived on a Sunday night after a long flight from London UK. Our taxi driver did not know the hotel, but we had the full address. It seemed that the hotel had recently changed from Pan Pacific into JW Marriott. Maybe a tip for the pr people of Marriott to include taxi drivers in publicity campaigns! The room and the quality of the bed could not have been better. The location is great. One block from Union Square and very close to the theatres. We had a meal in the hotel and although the food was of a high standard we found that the restaurant has little atmosphere. The restaurant is located in the main lobby and is totally open. It did not seem to do much business as it was mostly empty when we ate there or when we past by. The hotel could do with a good coffeeshop.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elainos
<Content>Lovely Hotel. Stayed in the JW Marriott on the last night of our holiday as a treat! We did the rest of the trip (which included Vancouver, Seattle, San Francisco the previous weekend, Yosemite and Santa Cruz) on a budget and decided to blow the budget on the last night as we had to catch two flights home the following day which was to take about 20hours in total. This hotel is lovely. It was worth every one of the $249 we paid for it. We arrived at 1pm to check in which was 3 hours earlier than the normal check in time but this wasn't even mentioned to us as we checked in. The room we had booked was not available when checking in so we were given a better room which was fine with us. (I imagined the room would be slightly bigger with maybe a couch or something!) Well when we opened the door to the room we got a shock. We were given a suite which was huge! The bed could have slept 6 people it was so big (it was super comfortable)! Seperate dressing room, huge bath room and tons of space. This was the icing on the cake to a fabulous holiday. The staff in the hotel were lovely. Friendly but not in your face all the time. We used the valet parking at the hotel and found it fantastic. It was a bit of a novelty using the valet parking as its not common where we come from! the hotel was just one black from Union square which was great. We did not eat in the resturant but it looked nice. We had some drinks at the bar when was very plesant. Overall I would have no hesitation in reccommending the JW Marriott in San Francisco and would stay in it again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1CincyGirl
<Content>Delightful! Great location! I booked the JW per the tripadvisor reviews. We travelled with our children (7 and 8) and my inlaws. The hotel is spotless - particularly the bathrooms! The decor is lovely and the staff is really wonderful! We ate breakfast at the hotel which was very nice (1/2 price for kids), but didn't eat any other meals there. The location couldn't be beat - better than staying right on Union Square, not as congested - but right around the corner! One caveat, it is an atrium design - the bar and lobby are on the 3rd floor - our rooms were on the 6th floor. Saturday night was very loud due to a roudy bar crew - I called the front desk and the noise quickly died down. If you sleep lightly - higher is better. Rental car tip - the hotel contracts with Hertz - there is a Budget very close to the hotel that was 1/2 the price of Hertz... GREAT HOTEL!!!! Great experience!!!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unionsq212
<Content>My Preferred Hotel in San Francisco I've stayed at the JW Marriott, starting when it was the Pan Pacific many, many times over the last several years. for business. It's centrally located to downtown SF ( a few blocks off Union Square). It's large enough to have all the amenities you want as a business traveler (decent room service, reliable, in-room high-speed internet (at $9.95/day; though the hotel often waived this for me without my asking) and a very comfortable bed and bathroom. A good desk and chair to work at. A fitness room that is mcuh better than youraverage hotel fitness facility -- more equipment, well-miantained, cheerful (not in some dingy basement.) But a little more intimate than some of the bigger, glitzier hotels.I like the decor, which is modern, Asian-inlfuenced all done in a gentle, warm neutral palette. I understand from the staff, however, that it is being renovated beginning in July 2006 to be like other Marriott's. I hope they don't ruin it's charm. However, it was beginning to be in need of a renovation, so this may not be a bad thing.The staff is friendly and unpretentious; efficient without being over-present. If you want to be fawned over, then you might want to spend more and stay at the Four Seasons or the Ritz-Carleton or the Fairmont. But I have always liked that this was a little more low-key, while still being elegant.If you ike the upper end of the mid-range, and something a little more intimate without shorting you on amenities, this is a great choice.To be seen what Marriott does with. When I last stayed there in May, it was essentially the same.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gvldiva
<Content>Nice Hotel I am actually staying at the JW Marriott right now. My vacation is scheduled to end Sunday, but I wanted to get this down while it was fresh in my mind.The hotel is a nice hotel. However, I must agree with a previous poster and say it is a little dark and drab. I think because of the Asian theme. It is not as beautifully decorated as other JWs such as the one in Atlanta or the one in Cancun Mexico. Even though this is the case, it is still decorated nicely.This is what I liked about the hotelStaff: Upon arrival we were upgraded to an executive level corner room. Everyone from the housekeeping staff to the concierge is very helpful. The staff is always offering to help.Rooms: Again, I don't particularly care for the whole cream, brown, black decor, but the rooms are large with very comfortable beds. I will say it appears the furniture could use some changing out as the tables in our room had a multitude of scraches as did the chest outside of the bathroom.Room Service: The food was exactly as ordered and was good. Of course room service is expensive, ( Breakfast for 2 was over $40!) but it was really good.Location: Hotel is close to everything. We went to see a play at the Lorraine Hansbury Theatre and all we had to do was walk 1 block up from the hotel.....SWEET! Union Square is only 2 blocks away and Chinatown is only about 5 blocks away. You are also 1 block from the street car line that will take you down close to the Fisherman's Warf.The Bathroom: Great!!!! Towels are so nice and he products on hand are good too.Cleanliness: The entire hotel was spotless.WHAT I DISLIKED....Small LCD TVs - These TVs are too small to be in these large rooms. Although they are clear, it is still very hard to see. Doesn't matter to me if there is a TV in the bathroom or not, but the main TV should be large enough to see.Decor: Like I said earlier. I did not like the color scheme. Made the hotel too dark. Needs color. I know it's the Asian theme, but if this hotel wants to be known as the JW Marriott and not the Pan Pacific, the decor has to change.The robes: C'mon. I have never seen a JW with the waffle robes. The robes need to be the deep, plush, soft, long terry robes. These little robes barely covered me and I am not a big woman.Overall, the JW Marriott is a nice hotel and I would stay here again. Especially since I got a military rate of $130 per night which was great!.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blout
<Content>Mediocre Was eager to try the new San Francisco JW Marriott (formerly Pan Pacific) after great experiences at other JWs worldwide. Overall, my stay was mediocre and below expectations. WHAT I LIKED....* Very comfortable bed -- comparable to the quality and comfort of a Westin or Four Seasons bed. Blows away Marriott's standard fare, and even their new Revive bed * Excellent bathrooms -- with separate showers/baths, good lighting, and lots of amenities* Hotel car -- which was available almost every time I needed a taxi. Saved a boatload of money, though I didn't like being reminded to take care of the driver each time I used it* Great location -- with awesome shopping, attractions, and restaurants surrounding the hotel in every direction* Friendly staff -- all of the staff I encountered (housekeeping, front desk, bell desk, and room service) were very friendly WHAT I DISLIKED....* Construction noise - which started every morning between 6-8am. Avoid rooms facing Post or Mason Street if you enjoy sleeping. Stay instead in the back corner of the hotel, though even there you'll hear a bit of noise due to the JW's horrible windows. Annoying!* Small LCD TVs - standard rooms come a 23 Gateway LCD TV, which is ridiculously small given the size of the room and table it sits on. Can't a so-called luxury hotel afford 26 or 32 units?* Mediocre service - was checked into a smoking room after requesting nonsmoking. The next day while I was at work, the hotel moved me to a nonsmoking room without warning and neglected to move half of my luggage. Was locked out of my old room and had to visit front desk to figure out what happened. Good intent, but horrible execution* Dull decor -- interior atrium is a bit dark and drab. Marriott really needs to freshen up the designOverall, the JW Marriott has a ways to go before it can compete with the top hotels of San Francisco. I've recently stayed at the Omni, Fairmont, Four Seasons, and Mandarin, and prefer all of them to the JW (though admittedly the latter two are in a different league).  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nelsonian
<Content>The very best Great hotel just changed name from Pan Pacific to J W Mariott. Superb locaion in heart center of city's theatre district, 1 block from Union Square for SF's best and largest stores. Hotel's dining facility shouldn't be missed, excellent dinner menu, elegant service. ( I had the rack of lamb, totally the best). Breakfast buffet loaded with hot and cold high quality choices all tasty. Hotel serves best coffee I've tasted in town. Concierge service will charm you with first-rate city knowledge and help with theatre and dinner reservations. Rooms large and comfy. Baths? Gorgeous with floor to ceiling Portuguese marble with small tv to let you check the morning news while shaving. Instant hot water with no scalding/freezing tricks. Hotel relatively new, 18 years plus or minus, clean, spotless with established crew for top maintenance, Pubic areas with orchids and other flowers. Entry court has friendly and helpful door man and bellman service. All staff are cheerful and seem to have a friendly good morning for everyone. Hotel has house cars at certain times for quick spin to nearby destinations. Beds superbly comfortable with extra pillows. An ideal location with superor facilities. As a senior traveler, I love to be totally spoiled in my home away from home, the hotel's motto.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lilmscutie03
<Content>Loved the Pan Pacific! From April 8-April 12th, my fiance and I traveled to San Francisco. We stayed in the Pan Pacific hotel located near Union Square. It is absolutely perfect and we will never stay anywhere else when we visit San Francisco again. It is a bit pricey, but it is totally worth it. The concierge and valet are very friendly and will do anything for you. We lost our cell phone the first day there and they called all the airport shuttles and the airport to track the phone. Eventually our phone was returned from a cab driver and delivered to a valet at the hotel, who held on to it until we returned from dinner. Out of 21 floors, we stayed on the 20th floor. The room was large, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was amazing! In the beautiful bathroom were robes, a small television, big mirrors, a telephone, a large tub and a separate shower. We also had our own personal butler simply by pressing a button. Our butler brought us sugar and salt for our food, 10 extra hangers, extra towels, and even gave us bath beads/salts for our bath. The hotel staff members are experts on San Francisco. For every question we had, and we had a lot of them, the staff had a prompt reply. They supplied us with maps, directions, and recommendations. Even after they stopped a taxi for us, they wiped down the seats to make sure they were not wet since it had been raining a lot. Every time that we wanted to go eat the concierge recommended great places. The hotel's restaurant was great for breakfast also--even though it was a bit pricey, it was the BEST we had in San Francisco. One day we rented a car, which our hotel set up for us. The car was from Hertz, which is literally right across the street and was luxurious -a 2006 Toyota Avalon with everything. If I HAD to name two cons: flat screen tv could have had a better picture and we would have liked the hotel to have a pool (even though we had access to one with a fee).It was great, we didn't want to leave the hotel, and we loved our visit!THANKS to everyone at Pan Pacific for making our stay in San Francisco remarkable!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>msavaria
<Content>Pampered at the Pan Pacific I thoroughly enjoyed my two-night stay at the Pan Pacific. I got a low on-line rate of $179/night, which was really a bargain for this class of hotel in this city. The lobby was very attractive, with a large, interesting sculpture, a seating area next to a modern fireplace, and a bar that looked like a good place to have a quiet drink. The restaurant looked a bit sterile. I did not eat there, so I can't comment on the food. The rooms in this modern hotel are all arranged around a central empty space so you can look down from a balcony to the lobby and watch the glass, pod-like elevators go up and down. My room looked very much like the room pictured in another traveler's candid photos and the ones on the hotel's website. The bathroom was very luxurious and attractive, with separate tub and marble shower stall. The hairdryer was not the usual one that makes some people want to bring their own anyway. It was the turbo type. There was no jacuzzi or shower massage, as some luxury hotels may have. The complimentary toiletries were very nice and included a shampoo/conditioner, shower gel, and lotion. My room was not on the street, had a view of the rooms of another hotel (not close though), and was very quiet. The room was an off-white color with attractive art. The turn-down service included chocolates, an ice-filled ice bucket, the laying out of the robe(s)on the bed, and the turning on of soft jazz on the radio -- very nice to come home to. A complimentary USA Today was delivered in the morning. The mattress was an inner-spring type covered with a filled-type mattress topper. The sheets smelled really fresh, and there were lots of comfy, large pillows. The furniture was nice, but the pieces had sustained some nicking -- perhaps from luggage or vacuuming. The carpet was very handsome. The desk chair was an ergonomic type. The room was separated from the bathroom by the closet and a small hallway. I agree with the other traveler about the in-room coffee. In-room coffee is always bad, but I thought that maybe in such a nice hotel they would have figured out a way to make it drinkable. Also, there should be real cups, not paper. I would recommend this hotel for a romantic get-away -- especially if you can get a good, on-line deal. The location is fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxster
<Content>A Welcome Suprise! A usual guest of the Ritz Carlton and the Fairmont, I chose the Pan Pacific this time as I was spending the weekend and wanted to be near Union Square. The rate was excellent so I decided to try it..What a wonderful surprise! The location is superb, the room I had was huge and very well laid out. The service was excellent and unobtrusive. I was there mostly for business and unlike a previous reviewer, I had no problem with internet access and again ,the layout of the room was such that I felt very comfortable working. The ability to walk everywhere is a huge draw and the staff was always friendly and helpful. Some soft good room renovations may be in order but mostly, no problem. I agree mini-bar selections should be upgraded as well as brighter bathroom lighting -room service offerings could also be greater for those of us chained to the computer. I will definitely stay at the Pan Pacific again, and look forward to it!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tai4de2
<Content>Excellent -- quiet, clean, and friendly Stayed at this hotel for just one night. Checkin was very quick and they gave us an upgraded room, which we were told meant a bigger bathroom. The hotel is not the newest but it is classy and once inside the room it feels very private because it is nice and quiet. The bed was extremely comfortable.Upon exiting the hotel to go out for dinner we told the bellboy we needed a taxi and he offered us the hotel towncar -- free of service, just tip the driver. A nice touch.All in all a positive 4* experience in a good location in San Francisco and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miss_particular
<Content>Great location We spent a long weekend at the Pan Pacific for business. This is the 2nd time we stayed at this location (the first time primarily because of a deal I found on travelzoo). Out of all the hotels we've visited in SF, this is one of our favorites, because:1) location -- it's less than one block from Union Square, close enough to pop into Saks but far enough that you don't walk out right into all the tourist crowds. 2) service -- is amazing. From the men who valet park ($40/d for in and out privilege, which is competetive if not reasonable for the area), to the concierge, to the room service, everyone is there to please. I was always greeted by name when I called anywhere in the botel. The server in the restaurant remembered what we liked for breakfast. We had a problem with our room safe and the service tech was there in 5 minutes. 3) clean -- room and bathroom. Little touches like crown molding on the ceiling add a nice touch.4) price -- much more affordable than Four Seasons or even the Westin, and I don't feel like I'm missing anything. Even the minibar is affordable.The cons:1) There is no storage space in the rooms. One little bureau is all. 2) For business travelers, there's nowhere in the hotel to really eat well, but some of the best restaurants in SF are a block away. Also, the charge for internet and printer use is high.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WestCoastTransplant
<Content>2nd Time Was A Charm We stayed here last July (see my review) and had a horrible experience. After we got home, I went to the hotel's website and much to my surprise, it listed the managers for each department and included their contact information. I contacted the Director of Room Operations and explained our experience (via email). Our hats off to Jim Bolinger (the Director of Room Operations) for his quick follow-up and sincere concern about our experience. He replied to our email within a day, apologizing profusely for our experience and offered us a gift certificate for a free night's stay. This is the type of service that is lacking with so many other establishments. For most hotels, you are lucky if you get a general information phone number that sends you to a corporate call center, but with this hotel, contact information for each manager is listed right on the hotel's website.During our return visit, check-in was flawless and the reception person was quite friendly. Our room was spotless and extremely comfortable (though I'm still not sure what people need with such a large room when they are on vacation in a big city, but in any event). The horror of our previous stay was erased and we had a restful night's sleep.The Concierge offered us a spot on suggestion for a place to hear live Blues music. He sent us to Biscuits and Blues, about a block and a half away. The music was great and the food was delicious! The Concierge's recommendation for breakfast the following morning was just as good.I'm glad we went back to give Pan Pacific another try. We were delighted by our experience and plan to make this our hotel of choice for those quick big city getaways.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jgreen8112
<Content>Check it out! My husband and I are from Boston and travel quite extensively. We went to San Francisco on Christmas to spend some time with our daughter. We ended up staying a month. I've always wanted to stay at the Pan Pacific, but didn't really want to spend that much money, especially for an extended stay. I just called up the reservations manager and asked for some cosideration based on the length of our stay and payment up front. She was very accomodating. We Loved it there! We have stayed in many hotels in San Francisco (from budget to boutique to fancy) and this was worth every cent and more. They went out of thier way to make our stay as comfortable as possible. The Bellmen were super courteous and helpful, the concierge couldn't do enough,Michelle the Bar girl was great and most of all, Christine, THANK YOU. We now have a home away from home. The rooms are a good size, beds-super plush and comfy, bathrooms are large, marbled, and some have TV'S. Even at regular price, you get what you pay for and we got a lot more than expected. I would suggest the Pan Pacific anytime!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not for business travelers I stayed in this hotel for 10 days on business, and overall it was very nice. I had an AMAZING view of the city that was especially gorgeous at night. However, the construction on the roof of the building next door did tend to detract from it - not to mention that it woke me up bright and early despite my late work hours.The problem was that we were under the impression that it was a business-oriented hotel. Not so. My assistant had computer problems, and it was a whopping 49 cents a minute just to use the business center. Even with a decent budget, that was way beyond any reasonable range and it left us stuck until we could get him a new computer.Internet access is expensive, and wireless is not available in the rooms. You're chained to the desk. Also, even if you've paid your $10/day for in-room access, you still have to pay an additional $10 per day if you want to use the wireless in the lobby. Parking is a budget-breaker at $42 plus tax per day, but we expected that. What we didn't expect was how long it would take to get our car. Even when we called down, it was often 20-30 minutes. Once, they lost our car which made us late for an important meeting. Finally, the in-room coffee is terrible and you only get two packets. Luckily, there's a great little coffeehouse a few doors down. Don't count on having a late-night caffeine kick available as you're working on that presentation. The honor bar choices are awful too, nothing healthy in there and nowhere to get quick munchies.This would be a nice place to stay for fun, but if you expect any basic business amenities, don't let the comfy office chairs they advertise fool you. You'll work more efficiently at any basic Courtyard.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>3	1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Very Good Value! We are just back from the Pan Pacific in San Francisco and it is pretty hard not to like. Here is a quick review: Location: Excellent - not on Union Square - but only one block away and handy to everything downtown. Room: Furnishings are of an excellent quality - Excellent bedding (new and well laundered) - Upgraded Mattress - extra long tub - bathroom exceeded expectations - Room came with two robes rather than the more standard 1.Butler service - didn鈥檛 use it.Car service - was excellent - used it 4 times for dinner transportation - everyone was polite and I didn鈥檛 receive any resistance when asking to use it.Concierge: was excellent. Very good dinner recommendations within my price range / service expectations and cuisine preferences. They were also able to get me very short notice reservations at Garry Danko (a AAA 5 diamond restaurant).Front Desk - polite and efficientMaid service - unobtrusive and efficientValue - $200+ a night service levels at a $150 a night rate.Noise - San Francisco can be fairly loud - a la Manhattan. I had a 15th floor room and it was very very quite.Final thought - Pan Pacific is not the most attractive of hotels from an architectural standpoint. However the rooms are impeccably clean; excellently furnished and the staff are very competent. It is a quite and very reasonably priced.Food recommendations:Garry Danko - 5 star cuisine in the $200+ range for 2Rue Lepic - near Pan Pacific - French home style cooking - standard Bistro fare - $70 for 2Afternoon Tea - Neiman Marcus Rotunda Room - $50 for 2.Breakfast - Sears Fine Foods Union Square - excellent portions - really well prepared - good menu - two blocks from Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Room shot  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ZaiZaiLv
<Content>mixed feeling My husband and I just got back from San Francisco. We stayed here for 2 nights. I had a high expectation of the hotel since my family and I had stayed many many times at Pan Pacific around the world and had always experienced a first class service. Goods:- We were assigned a room for disable, therefore, there was only a shower and no tub as promised. We asked to be reassigned and the nice man who checked us in previously was able to reassign us another room with a tub. He was very friendly and accomodating. - The room was nice.. very spacious. Liked the design. - The bed was comfortable. Lots of extra fluffy pillows. - A perfect location. One block from Union Square. Close enough to walk to the shopping area, but not smacked in the middle of the crowd. - Loved the big bathroom. A small TV in the bathroom was a nice touch. Loved taking a bath and watching my favorite sitcom at the same time. The bads:- The doormen were unfriendly. Not even once they ever said hello or smiled at us when we walked by. In fact, one time my husband said hello and was ignored even though he clearly was looking at us. - Another bad experience with the unfriendly doormen. We were told the hotel provided a car service. We asked a doorman if the car would take us to Japantown. He started laughing and condesendingly said, That's 15 blocks from here. A simple no would do. - During check in, the nice man I mentioned above mentioned I should take advantage of the butler drawing bath for guests. It sounded nice, so I thought, why not. So, when we got to the room, we requested the buttler to draw me a bath. First of all, the butler lady was so puzzled when we requested it (I checked, it was listed as one of the services they provided guests). When she came to our room, she asked me if I would do it myself. She gave me a bowl of bath salt and left. I didn't mind doing that myself, but you cannot advertise your service and not deliver. At the end, I could only rate this hotel 3 out of 5. Maybe what their employees need is a class on Customer Service.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Karotw
<Content>One of the best hotel experiences I've ever had! We had the pleasure of staying at the Pan Pacific in San Francisco for three nights, including Christmas Eve and Christmas day. Prior to arrival, I had already called two times to confirm what type of room we'd be having and that we would be arriving late at night. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a Jr. Suite (King bed, pull out sofa, huge bathroom), as all the double rooms were full. The person at the front desk was extremely helpful and pleasant and gave us a call about 30 minutes late to make sure that everything in our room was okay. The room was quite large, was a corner and had large windows on both sides. We were on the 11th floor, so the views weren't spectacular, but you could see a bit of Union Square and the hustle and bustle of the San Francisco Streets.During our stay we sought the services of the concierge a couple of different times, and were always met with prompt and friendly service, including helping us to find places that were open around the city on Christmas day. He also helped us to check-in for our flight and print boarding passes. All employees of the hotel that we encountered were extremely helpful, friendly and polite. Room service food was quite good, prompt and abundant for a reasonable rate (for room service). The bed was extremely comfortable. We were able to check out as late at 2 p.m. on our departure day.Overall, a great hotel experience!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DenverBrian
<Content>Big rooms, ambivalent service, poor plasma TVs Two-night stay in early December 2005. Service levels, unfortunately, depend greatly on the individual employee you encounter. I was checked into a standard room with a non-working TV and two double beds (I'm 6-4.) When I returned to the desk at 11:35 PM, with all my luggage in tow, I said, We'll have to try again - the tv won't turn on with either the remote or the button on the TV. Without looking up or giving me any eye contact, the clerk said We'll have engineering go up in a bit. This is at 11:35 PM. Not the answer I expected or was looking for; certainly no apology or empathy. So, I escalated with Well, given that I'm 6-4, I'd prefer a king bed anyway, so let's go ahead and try another room. The clerk's response: We don't have any king rooms left. Said in a flat tone of voice, still without eye contact. Lucky for me, the clerk who had originally checked me in (with good hospitality) came out at that moment and recovered nicely for the other clerk, immediately placing me in what PP calls a junior suite but what is actually a larger corner room with a king bed.If this Pan Pacific property reminds you of a Hyatt, with its vertical interior atrium room arrangement, it's because it's a Portman pre-Hyatt design. Lots of thick walls, thick marble, thick circles. The rooms themselves are large and reasonable, but dated. Bathrooms are generous but very Family Affair/Buffy/Jody in their decor - too much almond/beige, including all fixtures. The TVs in the rooms are far too small and, with only standard-definition signals coming in, the result is a too-soft, smeared picture.This is not a hotel to stay in for any views of the city.Additional snarky service was experienced at the hotel bar and by the concierge. My colleague asked the concierge if he had any tape to secure a box. Without looking up, the employee rummaged in a drawer, produced a roll of plastic tape, placed it on the counter, and went back to their paperwork. For this class of hotel, one expects at least Certainly sir, here you go; Would you like me to secure that? Do you need it sent anywhere? was evidently beyond the comprehension of the employee.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hotelcheckerouter
<Content>Great find We stayed at the Pan Pacific for 5 nights from Thanksgiving after researching on tripadvisor. We got a great deal for a superior room on Expedia.It's a great hotel and the room was lovely and big. The location was fabulous, a 2 minute walk to Union square and all the hustle and bustle of downtown. The concierge was fantastic and secured us a table at a wonderful restaurant for a celebration.I think that this hotel should be higher in the ratings, it is excellent value for money.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Stonerman
<Content>Excellent Another great choice based on TA reviews.The location--Union Square--is ideal. Walk to Chinatown, BART, cable car (if you must), shopping, SOMA, restaurants. The area just to the west is a bit seedy at nite, but in perspective downtown SF is the safest-seeming big city I've been to in the US. Hotel also has a complimentary town car--they took me to the CalTran station--have no idea how much further you can push it.From the outside nothing special but the upper lobby (base of the atrium) has some sort of impressive modernist sculpture and a nice (but pricey) bar. Plenty of Irish pubs in the area too. Notice one reviewer panned the restaurant. Served him right. Within a few blocks is a great Indonesian place, a Morton's, a wonderful taqueria, and the best Chinese outside China. Anyone who travels a bit can attest: ONLY LOSERS EAT IN THEIR HOTEL! The room was clean, bright, large enough, with a large immaculate marble bathroom with separate shower and bath. Service was efficient, though they were mysteriously stingy replenishing the soap. PP is really a first-rate business hotel that works great for vacations, though nothing particularly charming, romantic or historic about it. If you're in SF on business you can probably find something closer to the financial district/Embarcadero but at the cost of things to do at nite. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel Stayed in Pan Pacific for 4 nights, had an amazing time. Arrived to the hotel around 2am after a long flight from New York with a small child, manager at the desk was very friendly, we got upgraded to a suite even though we only paid for a double room. Once we got to the room we noticed that there was one king size bed, we called the desk right away and they brought a roll-away bed for our son, only took them 5 minutes. We had a great stay, staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean, beds are very comfortable. We did think about having lunch at the hotel restaurant but the menu wasn't very good and a bit pricey. There are plenty of good restaurants around, check out The Cheesecake Factory nearby (in Macy's). I would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay there again next time i'm in San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmyersManchester_CA
<Content>Peachy Pan Pacific We had a wonderful two night stay at the Pan Pacific. My wife uses her wheelchair in our room, and the room we booked was not a traditional accessible-type, so when I called to make the reservation, the concierge had maintainence go up and measure the bathroom door opening to make sure it would work for her.This is the kind of service that made our stay so enjoyable. Our room on the 18th floor was spacious, clean, and night-time quiet despite only being a block from Union Square.Kudos to the Pan Pacific. We will be back. Jim Myers  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dined at restaurant we had dinner at their restaurant and the food wassimply awful! (regular food-japanese style)Informed the head waiter that we were very disappointed with the food. all they could say wasthat they were sorry.when I got back home I sent a letter to The Pan Pacific Hotel in San Francisco. a letter to the Customer Relations one to the Hotel Management  and one to the Restaurant Manager  So far I have't heard from them.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel in a great location We stayed at the Pan Pacific for four nights the weekend prior to Thanksgiving. We stayed in a Superior room. The Superior room is very comfortable and spacious enough to keep you from feeling claustrophobic. There is a loveseat and side chair in addition to the desk area which is great, especially for just relaxing at the end of the day prior to going to bed.The bathrooms were very clean and modern. We booked the room through Expedia and had no problems at all during our entire stay. We booked a Deluxe room from one night for a visiting friend who lived outside the city, and though the room is noticeably smaller than the Superior room we had, (there is no couch and side chair in a Deluxe room), it was very nice, and again had a very clean and spacious bathroom.I would recommend the Pan Pacific to anyone traveling to the San Francisco area.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Topher202
<Content>Great stay a the Pan Pacific My partner and I just returned from a 4-night stay just prior to Thanksgiving and overall, we really enjoyed our stay. Although we had standing reservations at the Prescott across the street (I stayed there years ago and loved it) we decided to give the Pan Pacific a try after seeing a special web promotion offering a superior king room for just $129/nt + tx. We were not disappointed!First, the Pan's location is excellent. It's a stone's throw from Union Square, but situated just far enough from all of the square's traffic noise and crowded sidewalks. It's also a short walk to Market St., Chinatown and North Beach making it a great base of operations for a SF vacation (and for people who love to see a town on foot!)Our 8th floor room had a decent view of the Mason  Post intersection and it was comfortable and well appointed. Features included an exceptionally large bathroom, separate dressing area, and a tastefully decorated bedroom. We enjoyed the three phones and the Herman Miller desk chair, but best of all was the room's ultra-comfy pillow-top bed. I'd put it right up there with the heavenly beds featured at some of the Pan's competitors (e.g. Starwood properties like W or Westin). I slept really, really well on this trip (not often the case for me) and I have to give lots of credit to the bed! From the front desk, to the bell hops, to the personal butler service available on all floors, the service was consistently professional, warm and friendly. Speaking of the butler service, the butlers we encountered were prompt, friendly and gracious. While this service is a unique and welcome feature at this hotel, we were a little surprised to learn that it's also the ONLY way to obtain ice for your room. It would be nice to also offer guests the do-it-yourself option for ice, rather than summoning the help each time. Between ringing for the butler, waiting for a phone call back for clarification, followed by waiting for the doorbell or knock, and then the awkwardness of whether to tip each time...well... it just seemed like a few too many hoops to jump through (and a few too many minutes to wait) just for a simple bucket of ice. I have to clarify that this is not so much a complaint, as it is an observation/ suggestion. Please - don't let our little ice delivery issue keep you from checking out this fine hotel...In summary, the Pan Pacific's prime location, friendly staff, tasteful room design (well-represented on their web site) and some VERY comfy beds all added up to a great stay. We'd gladly return!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rbc_ffm
<Content>Pan Pacific San Francisco stay in early-November 2005 My husband and I stayed at this hotel during our recent visit to San Francisco. We had no idea what to expect but were tremendously pleased with our decision after. Here's our main reasons why:Location: excellent. Literally a couple of minutes walk from Union Square and all the wonderful shopping possibilities there (e.g. Macys, Neiman Marcus, Saks, etc). Also close to the public transport stops, for both trams and sub-way stops. We walked everywhere: Fisherman's Wharf, Market Street, Embarcadero, North Beach..etc. Food: Zagat-rated restaurant in-house. Expensive but delicious. We paid around USD 35, for a Caesar Salad and 2 hot chocolates.Service: Very friendly and non-intrusive. Room comfort: our superior-room was spacious and clean with a very comfortable king-sized bed. We got a deal through their Internet site for USD 153 per night incl. of taxes.Fitness room: range of fitness equipment available (cross-trainer, treadmill, bikes, weights, machines) 24-hours.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jaw40
<Content>Large Room We booked this room through Expedia $194 per night. We stayed 2 nights. The parking was too expensive so we caught a ride into the city and caught the Bart out of the city. The Bart was very convenient so long as your luggage isn't too large and heavy. The room was very large it had 2 closets, robes, desk with an ergonomic chair which was great, LCD television screen, Bose radio, couch, coffee maker, king sized bed, our bathroom did not have a lot of counter space with a pedestal sink, Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, hair dryer, no tub, just a shower stall with some mold visible if you look good. We were in a corner room so it was very quiet. There was a butler button if you needed one, the staff seemed nice and helpful. There was also a safe which they state can fit your computer. we thought the location was great! The hotel was close to union square, market street, and shopping. I probably would stay here again but would want to pay less.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Really has gone downhill since our last visit a few years ago. Seems like the magic disappeared. Room was OK eventhough we tried pretty hard to get a good view- but that didn't happen. Hall carpets were wet as they were being washed on our floor- so much for the ambience. Parking is such a rip off. Concierge does not match the level of the others at similiar hotels. Will probably spend a little more and stay elsewhere next time around.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yangs02
<Content>very good no major complaints. the room was very large and clean, and well appointed. minor beef with the color scheme in the bathroom- some kind of ugly peachy/cream color. should have gone with basic white. nice stall shower as well as bathtub. very good water pressure, plush plenitful towels, and the nicest robe anywhere.decent city view. nice LCD tv, albeit a little small. (must have acquired them before the bottom fell out on flat panel prices).very nice workout area with all new equipment.the staff was decent enough, with and occasionally indifferent doorman. the butler concept i didnt quite get, nor did i see him, but whatever, im sure he worked for me.even though it was only a few blocks from union square, for some reason it still felt a bit removed from it all. perhaps because that particular neighborhood was a bit shabby.overall an excellent hotel, professionally run. a decent choice.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Citydweller2
<Content>Great location in San Francisco We were very impressed with the Pan Pacific. Great location, close to transport, shopping and good restaurants. A huge hotel but didn't feel impersonal, service was swift and friendly at all times. We got a good deal through Expedia and felt is was great value for money - would definitely go back there when visiting San Francisco again.PS: though I've heard much mention of the 'construction' we did not see or hear it.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice Very nice experience at this hotel. Booked on line thru a discounter so was not dissapointed with lack of a view.. with the price we paid it was worth it!Only one gripe was having to pay close to $8 to print out my plane boarding passes thru their business center. Felt it should be a free feature at a hotel of this class. But I highly recommend the hotel for its location, amenities and luxury (Bathroom was incredible)!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gioseppo
<Content>You get your own butler regardless of room choice!!! We were warmly welcomed, check in really fast and given a guided tour of our room. A huge room I must add and it was the cheapest one on the net $170. Big cosy bed, flatscreen TV, Bose radio, TV in the bathroom whilst you soak in the bath, HUGE vanity area, seperate shower with great water pressure, bathroom scales so you can see how many pounds you have gained on your trip!! and last but not least EVERY room has a button where you can call your personal butler for your every whim. I have to say I did not use it once as everything is already provided for you.Right on union square, a 5 min walk from BART/MUNI, right on a trolley car line, a courtesy house car to take you to wherever you wish in downtown....... An excellent hotel.Also 3 minutes walk at 643 Post St there is a GREAT Thai Restaurant called Ar Roi. Give Mortons Steakhouse in the other direction a miss though.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressed Is there really such a thing as a perfect stay? Perhaps this deserves a 5-circle rating. It probably would have gotten it if not for a couple of drawbacks. I stayed at the Pan Pacific on 9-16-05. One drawback was the fact that it was a little pricey @ $250 for a one-night stay in a Deluxe King through hotels--which was the cheapest rate available. I've seen other reviews that talked about the radio alarm going off unexpectedly. Yes, that happened to us also at 6:15 a.m. When I first arrived at check-in, there was only one person at the desk initially. The man--an early 30ish male, stocky build, with a receding hairline, dirty blondish hair and LONG bangs combed backwards--was helping another couple which was fine. But he clearly saw me, as well as another couple behind me, yet continued to carry on a very LONG and UNNECESSARY casual conversation with the couple. Needless to say I thought this was extremely inconsiderate. He could've at least taken a second just to ACKNOWLEDGE we were there. Eventually another woman came to the desk who was very accomodating. It took her forever to authorize my credit card but that was due to the glitches in her computer equipment. She was very fast, friendly, and thorough. Onto the room...Very spacious for a couple...Everything was spotless...The marble bathroom was immaculate...The shower was a little on the small side, especially if you plan on sharing it with another person (LoL), but was still nice. The flatscreen TV was great with a large array of channels should you actually take time to watch it. Room service was swift and the food was good. Valet service brought us a bucket of ice to our room quickly. There was no view, but I never requested one. All in all, it was an impressive hotel and I would definitely stay there again. Just remember to request a room with a view if it's important to you, and UNPLUG THE CLOCK RADIO AS SOON AS YOU STEP IN THE ROOM IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE AWAKENED!!! ;]  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TimothyPT
<Content>Excellent choice for the picky traveler My partner and I stayed in this hotel and was impressed from the beginning. The staff are helpful and polite while the accommodations are attractive and tasteful. Our room did not feel too small and the all marble bathroom is impressive. A free in-room safe, coffee maker, mini-bar, advanced television system and a BOSE radio made the room a very nice place to stay. Add to that the location is ideal for nightlife, theatre, shopping or exploring Chinatown. We lucked out and the big gay dance club was only a few blocks away! We felt very safe walking at night around the hotel and taxis are plentiful. There was construction on our side of the hotel but they were nowhere in sight during the weekend and not all that loud on the weekday. The tubed elevators are very Shagadelic!All in all - a place I would return to again and recommend to friends.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hampronstraveller
<Content>Consistently great Stay here around once a year and hotel always remembers preferences (NY Times, high floor etc) without being reminded. Great new beds, superb service, great value for San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pan Pacific Hits the Spot We spent three days at the Pan Pacific over the Labour Day weekend. The person on the front desk was friendly and professional and swiftly checked us in. Our room was beautiful (superior king). It was a large room with a fresh contemporary design. The bathroom was luxurious - a sunken bath, a shower with good pressure (a must!), large sink with a large well lit mirror; and the toilet was discretely tucked behind a dividing wall.Other reviewers have expressed concern about the noise so I felt I should comment on this. Our room looked onto a side street and although there was some noise, I only noticed this on the first night - for me it was just a case of adjusting to the city. Daytime concierge was very friendly and helpful - although we were given misinformation in terms of the nearest MUNI stop.A word on room service - in the morning the service was excellent - be aware that there is a wider room service menu than the room card would suggest - I made the mistake of thinking the breakfast choices were very limited and later discovered that there were more choices in the hotel welcome book! Regardless, the service was efficient and friendly. However, the same cannot be said for evening room service. We called down for room service at about 10:30pm and received no response; concierge picked up the phone and he said he would call us back, but no return call was made! This was a real disappointment as this did not reflect the usual efficient service. Breakfast was a bit pricey (normal 4* prices really) but delicious. I had brioche french toast with maple syrup and pear and my partner had a cooked breakfast. I don't go for cooked breakfasts because I find them too greasy/heavy, but his looked really good. Also their double lattes are the best! I chose the Pan Pacific based on reviews I had read on TripAdviser, it lived up to my expectations and more and I would definitely stay there again if I were to visit SF in the future.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thegamebird
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great staff.... We really enjoyed our stay at the Pan Pacific. We moved here from another SF hotel (The Marriott Fisherman's Wharf), which really wasn't for us. The Pan Pacific hit the mark. We booked a rate of $170/night from the hotel wesbite, which we felt was excellent value. Our experience of the staff was superb. The front desk were really nice and happily accomodated our request for a room on a high floot - we ended up right at the top with a superb view of the city! We found the concierge helpful and effcient, and the doorman was also a real credit to them. The room was comfortable, with a fantastic bathroom, and we really liked the curved window. A couple of issues were that we also experienced an alarm going off at what seemed like the middle of the night!! Also we heard all sorts of banging around in the conference rooms above us quite late at night, which we thought ma have been them fixing something as it only lasted about 10 minutes. All in all though, we had a great stay at the Pan Pacific and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Satisfied Arriving after a very long day of flight and drive, we were pleased to find very attentive and pleasant staff to handle the vehicle and assist with luggage.Check in was without hastle and our front desk staff moved efficiently to complete checkin and send us on to our room.As you might read elsewhere, the rooms were very nicely appointed, the dual TV's a good touch (sleeping and bath area), robes and a safe are always appreciated as well.The bed itself was quite comfortable and the room, as well as the hotel facility,clean and very presentable. I would add a special kudo to the hosekeeping staff for doing a very fine job.Despite the early start for any city in the morning, we did not notice any unexpected or overly loud noise problems, especially being in the heart of the city.We would definitely return. The Pan is centrally located, close to shopping and eateries of all kinds and one feels secure within the property. Give it a try!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, Decent hotel We stayed at the Pan Pacific hotel in SF for three nights over the Labor Day weekend. First, the good: It is a clean hotel in a good location close to Union Square. The room was clean and the bathroom was particularly nice. I liked the gym- while not large, it had everything you need and the equipment looked new. Now, the not so good. We arrived and the gentleman at the front desk was not a gentleman. He seemed clueless when we informed him that we were expecting a bag from the airline who had lost our luggage. Then, he disputed our room rate. Basically, it was $170 for the first two nights and $150 for the third - booked through the hotel's web site. I asked for the manager who appeared - and was a bit nicer - but required that I pull up the reservation from my email and print out the confirmation. This, to me, is a bit much, particularly since I provided to them my confirmation number for the reservation. All in all, I find this extremely time consuming after a long trip. The manager did provide fruit and an apologetic note in our room for the next two nights. Further, the room was a bit loud from outside noise throughout the night. It did not bother me because I live in the city, but I could see it bothering others. My husband also complained that he could hear noice from other rooms. What's more, my husband said that the alarm clock in our room went off the first morning at 4:30 am (which we did not set.). Fortunately, I did not wake up!! Lastly, I saw virtually no hotel personnel throughout our stay, which seemed odd for a four star hotel. Perhaps, it may be because the lobby was on the third floor.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great value in a prime location We were staying at the Pan Pacific for our anniversary and booked our trip through priceline. According to the Pan Pacific's rates, the cheapest room in the place is $340 per night, but we found a great all-inclusive deal that averaged out to about $100 per night. The service was above average, but not as excellent as all of the reviews that I had read. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially at the concierge desk. After a long travel day, our room wasn't ready when we arrived, and it took a little prompting on my part to speed up the process - which I shouldn't have to do. Everything else was extremely positive after that, though. The concierge was very helpful in booking us a rental car. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. It's not a huge room, but we weren't in our room very often anyways. Another note about the room - the street noise is pretty loud at times; I woke to the sounds of bottles being dumped into a bin from the lounge across the street and the ambulance/police sirens a few times as the windows are single-paned and don't keep out sound very well. The workout room on the 5th floor was nice, and it seemed to be getting regular use from the hotel guests. It was maintained very well. We didn't eat at the restaurant, and it didn't look as though it received a lot of business. The menu looked great, but was pricey. Housecleaning was fantastic! They really did a nice job each day on our room. The Pan Pacific is convenient for getting on the bus line and trolley lines. Most lines were 1-3 blocks away. Finally, I liked the 3rd floor lobby. It was a good choice for placing the lobby, as we didn't have to walk through crowds to get to our room. We could just bypass all of that with the elevator. By the way - the glass elevators are a nice touch! We will definitely stay at the Pan Pacific again. We encountered many other tourists at different SF sights asking us where we were staying, and they said that we were lucky to be there because of the reputation of the place. Plus, many others weren't enamored with their accomodations. That felt good to know that on our first trip, we hit it on the mark with our hotel choice!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>paluvsnyc
<Content>Pan Pacific was great! As a family of 4, we all loved the Pan Pacific. The kids really thought it was great to have a TV in the bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and the room was nicely decorated. The hotel was very clean. Some others have complained about construction noise but we didn't hear any noise during our 2 night stay and never saw any construction around the hotel. Staff was very nice. We were allowed early check-in without any hassle. We would definitely stay again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is how you define service We arrived from Hawaii before 6 am having booked 2 rooms near each other for our family (husband, me and 2 teenage boys). I had advised them when I booked that we were coming in early and they said they would see what they could. As it was so early I didn't expect anyone would have checked out and was dreading facing several sleep-deprived hours somewhere before we could get a room.The manager immediately started looking for available rooms as ours were not ready. He located two, but on different floors; we wanted them on the same floor at minimum. He found one available for us and another that would open up later in the day. Within 15 minutes of our arrival, we were in the room (our bags having been delivered without having to do anything), resting and so relieved to have a place to stay before exploring SF.What really impressed me was that I never heard well, it IS hours before normal checkout or Not sure we can find something. In fact, they didn't even treat it as a problem as has been my experience at other hotels. They were just delighted to help us and did so in a very pleasant and efficient manner.Beyond that it is a lovely hotel in great location for a reasonable rate for SF. The concierge found us a reservation at a nearby restaurant that evening on very short notice. I had not even heard of Pan Pacific hotels before I started looking for SF hotels and felt I was taking a bit of a chance. Now I would stay at a Pan Pacific with no hesitation if they are all like the one in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>generationx
<Content>very satisfied with the pan pacific just had a really pleasant three-night stay at the pan pac utilizing the amex special. (50% off rack rate and third night free) thanks to the reviewers below who posted about it!pros-concierge printed a boarding pass for me, and reserved separate shuttles for my mom and me-free newspaper delivered to our door-pretty cool technology: flat screen tv, bose wave radio, tv in bathroom. looks like they're working to make all the rooms wi-fi. i didn't bring a laptop, so wasn't able to test it out-central location-it was a bit chilly outside, but the room always seemed to be the perfect temperaturecons-a bit noisy (slight construction noise, and a few sirens)-view from east side of building faces a dental building-only one robe in the room for two guests, but not really a problem. i called to request another robe, and it was delivered to our room in five minutes  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lindacc14
<Content>Just wonderful       enterence  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmbl
<Content>Very Good! Great Service and Location. Very well run 4 star hotel. Good service, unbeatable Union Sq location. The rooms are nicely furnished with marble bathrooms, very comfortable bedding and butler service on request for all rooms. We had a good breakfast at the Pacific restaurant. It is not your only choice however as there are many restaurants within a block or 2. The door man found us a nice town car limo to the airport for only $44, same price as a cab. Highly recommended hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SageTraveling
<Content>Enjoyed the room and especailly the location We booked through Expedia at $180. I think it was a good value for the city location, one block from Union Square and cablecar stop, two blocks from Chinatown. Sears is the traditional, nostalgic place for breakfast (Swedish pancakes, 1.5 blocks away, line moves quickly). Bathroom was best feature of room with marble, TV, separate tub and shower. Beds were quite comfortable, coffeepot is single serve though. Views were not awesome (we saw a dentist at work in a nearby building), but we didn't spend time in room much (too much to do in the city). Macy's, Tiffany's, Neiman-Marcus, Saks are nearby for shoppers.High-speed internet is not free. Dining is expensive (as expected), but many restaurants nearby. We read other reviews enough to know to walk 1-2 blocks for $28 parking garage (instead of valet almost twice that). We didn't take advantage of an luxury elements of the hotel (young family). Service was good (able to change rooms when crying baby was nextdoor).All-in-all we selected a very good place with a hotel great chain. We would probably stay again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay We arrived in San Francisco late so we just booked a room at the airport for one night and head into the city the next morning. The Clarion Hotel at the airport was absolutely aweful! I would say if rated lower than a terrible. Hotel was dirty, room was small, smelled like smoke although we asked for a non-smoking room.,So it was a wonderful experience going to the Pan Pacific and being greeted by the valet. The concierge service was so helpful in getting a rental car and the room was fantastic. Breakfast was overpriced but what do you expect for a 4 star hotel.... Everything is always expensive. Enjoyed the down comforter in our room and the LCD. The location to Union square was great too. It was only 1 and 1/2 blocks away. We spent 2 days shopping and had a great time. Will definitely stay at the Pan Pacific next time we return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eladius
<Content>Great hotel! For the price, it was an excellent room--separate shower and tub, tv in the bathroom! Nicely decorated, excellent service all around from the front desk to the room service and parking valets. Convenient location to Union Square and shopping/dining.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1950 Vol
<Content>Great stay at the Pan! The Pan Pacific exceeded all our expectations and we would stay there any time we visit San Francisco again. The room was exceptionally clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful in making rental car and restaurant reservations. It is very convenient to Union Square and downtown shopping.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So We thought the Pan Pacific would offer more than we thought. Although we were able to get this room for a special deal - around $129 per night - we thought we would get so much more for a four star hotel. The room was a bit small, which was okay to us. However, the furniture and carpet were old and did not seem to fit the image of this hotel. The staff was friendly and location great. We would rate this hotel so so.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WineCountryMan
<Content>If this is what a 4 star hotel is about, I'll save my money! My wife and I spent a night at the Pan Pacific as a quick city getaway. We run a BB, so the idea of having someone else do the concierge, cleaning, and hosting was great. We were also looking forward to sleeping in as we are always up early to prepare breakfast for our guests.Check-in was uneventful and we got the type of room we booked (booked through Expedia even though a direct inquiry to the hotel showed no availability). The room itself was very large (it was a Deluxe King) and the bathroom was really nice. The tub with seperate shower was a plus as my wife could take a relaxing bath while I showered. It seems that the trend in hotels is to provide very large rooms. I don't understand why someone needs such a large room, particularly when they are very sparcely decorated, as was this room. It just made the room feel a bit cold and empty. There was a nice LCD TV, but again, when placed in a room that was so large, it looked really small. Believe it or not, I think a smaller room would've felt much more comfortable and luxurious.The problems began as we got ready for bed. Just as we were about to turn off the lights, my wife noticed a stain on the duvet cover. Upon closer inspection, there several stains (coffee, make-up, etc) and it became obvious that the duvet cover was just plain DIRTY. I called reception and the person who answered said he would send up a replacement. There was no apology and I could not detect the slightest feeling of concern from the person who answered the phone. Housekeeping arrived about 15 minutes later. Unfortunately, the person at reception did not tell housekeeping that it was the duvet cover that needed replacing, not the sheets. Housekeeping (who was very friendly and helpful) brought up new sheets. He looked at the duvet cover and said that they did not have extras. So we asked if he could bring us some extra blankets, which he did. While the blankets themselves were a bit ratty (one had a cigarette burn), they kept us warm. The bed was adequate, but it was NOT the Sealy they boast about in the book they have in the room that boasts about the high level of attention they pay to each guests individual needs. Rather, the mattress was a basic flat mattress with an old featherbed placed on top. We had asked for an 8am wake-up call but didn't need it. At 7:15am, we were awakened by the sound of construction work going on at the adjacent property. We could not go back to sleep. So much for sleeping in.Upon check-out, the person at reception asked how our stay was. When I told her that aside from the dirty duvet cover and being awakened by the construction, it was OK. She gave a nervous laugh and said Wow, that sounds adventurous. I'm sorry. I guess she did say sorry, but it was obvious she didn't want to ask any questions and did not want to know any more about it. So much for close attention to their guests individual needs.If this is what you get with a 4-star property and for $269 per night, they can have it. I'll go back to small bed and breakfasts where the owners take a personal interest in making sure each guest's needs are attended to and that each guest is completely happy with every aspect of their stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suberb Hotel I'm just a teenager, but I've already stayed at some of the world's finest hotels...this one was one of them. It actually compared to the NYC Ritz Carlton. We visited San Fransisco for last year's spring break...instead of our beach house on Hilton Head Island. The hotel was stunningly beautiful. They sent a limo to pick us up from the airport and the staff was wonderfully attentive. The concierge tended to our every need, booking us box seats for the hottest shows in town. (I would highly reccomend attending Teatro Zinzanni...it was fantastic!) It was very close to Chinatown, and since it was right in Union Square, it had AMAZING shopping! Everything from Levi's (where you can get Levi's custom-made for you) to Macy's to Saks. The room service was just great. I can't wait to come back!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JSB5150
<Content>Left my heart at Pan Pacific Just returned from San Francisco three days ago. After horrible delays with the airline we finally arrived at the Pan Pacific 11 hours late. The hotel was a very pleasant suprise after the dissapointment with the airline. The staff was extremely caring and helpful to us. The room was OUTSTANDING and the private butler service was a nice touch. The bed was just right and the huge bathroom luxurious. My wife took a long hot bath and so everyone was happy. The next day we spoke with Jason at the concierge desk and he was top notch- very knowledgeable and totally professional. I would stay there again for sure. Our maid was happy and pleasant and told us she would come back whenever we wanted since we needed to sleep a little late the first morning. Also, the location is very good for downtown walking and dining, etc. It's a $9.00 cab to Fisherman's Wharf and 22 blocks on foot back there if the cablecars breakdown (they did) and taxi's are all full (they were). You will be spolied at this hotel, but the extra $$$ you pay per night will be worth it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smart Hotel in a great location The Pan Pacific is a great hotel in an ideal location to walk around San Francisco and for public transport. The room was spacious and it was great to be able to order room service and rent a movie. Also we asked the concierge for tickets to a giants game on a Saturday and she got them for us soo quickly. All in all a great stay and would go back the next time I was in San Francisco  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>non-view hotel Asked for a room (luxury king) with a view upon check-in and was given a room on the 16th floor looking out to a wall. Called the front desk and was told the hotel is a nonview hotel and the room had good views compared to other rooms. Subsquently found out there are rooms available with a view. I told the general manager that I felt the front desk was not up-front with me regarding rooms with a view. I felt they should have just stated none were available if that was the case. The manager stated he would speak to the front desk however he did not ask my name or room number so very doubtful that he followed through. For about the same money the Westin, Hyatt, Marriott and the Fairmont have views and in my opinion have better service.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Very Good Location My husband and I stayed here over the July 4th weekend of 2005. We were in a luxury king room which we liked very much. It was spacious and we loved the marble appointed bathroom with stall shower and a tub. The service was very good. They have a nice gym. They are just one block west of Union Square and walking distance to Chinatown. As we were leaving the day after the 4th we heard construction noise from across the street, which we had not heard until then because the workers were off for the weekend and holiday - so I recommend you wait until the construction is complete if you plan on being there during the week. We will definitely stay here again next year.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgood1
<Content>Great Hotel!!!! My husband and I have traveled extensively and always stay in nice hotels but I must say that the Pan Pacific was one of the best hotels overall we've ever stayed in. It was centrally located with great restaurants, theaters, and shopping within walking distance. The staff was extremely knowledgeable and professional and were very gracious. The check-in was easy and pulling up in front of hotel if you have your own car was convenient, considering that many SF hotels are a disaster in this area! The room was large by SF hotel standards and the bathroom was to-die-for!!! The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet even though we were facing a busy street! This hotel is gorgeous from the outside in and extremely clean everywhere. I don't know if it's been recently remodeled but it seems like an almost new hotel. We only stayed one night(Sat., July 9, 05) but we are most assuredly going to stay again!!! P.S. Morten's Steakhouse is one block away with great food though it was a bit noisy!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise at Pan Pacific We had the same problem with construction the user below had on July 4th weekend - however, we simply asked to be moved and the hotel promptly had a bellman up to our room to move our bags to the other room. Packing was annoying, but we were leaving in 2 days so it didnt matter much. The rooms were immaculate, bathrooms were clean and gorgeous, and the staff extremely friendly and helpful.Got room service for the night of July 4th, lasagna and a cheese quesadilla and was very tasty.Beds are amazing, and aside from the construction next door (prior to the room change), the rooms were ultra quiet.Would def stay here again  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel but construction ruined it In terms of value and quality this was one of the best hotels I've stayed in. The staff is very friendly and the room was clean with a decent amount of space. The bathtub is also a good size for a hotel room so lying in it is very comfortable. My complaint is the construction going on next door. I know this is in no way the Pan Pacific's fault but that doesn't mean it doesn't effect the quality of your stay. I stayed there during the 4th of July weekend and had no problems on Saturday, Sunday or Monday morning since those weren't work days. However, on Tuesday I was woken up at 7am by the sounds of drilling and hammering coming from the building next door. I could not get back to sleep and I'm sure many other guests had the same problem. Who likes to get up at 7am during a vacation or business trip?I would recommend this hotel once the construction is over but while its still going on, I would not want to stay there.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I just returned from a great trip to San Francisco. The Pan Pacific was a great choice for the price. The accomodations were very clean and comfortable and the staff was always very helpful. When we return to SF, we will definitely return to the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved the Pan Pacific I have used trip advisor for several trips now and I have not been disappointed. I have found that you are the best source to find a hotel. My family and I were traveling to Yosemite and decided to stay three days in San Francisco. It was a hard decision to make but after reading your reviews decided on the Pan Pacific in San Francisco. What a wonderful decision. The hotel' s location is great -- it is within walking distance of many many stores/shopping. It is a short distance (5 minute walk) to the cable cars, Chinatown (walking distance a little longer), if you are renting from Hertz I believe they will do that for you (at least I know they will return the car for a $5 fee), and many other restaurants for breakfast, lunch and dinner. They are also close to several drug stores and mini markets. The hotel is beautiful inside and the rooms were roomy for 2 adults and 2 children with 5 pieces of luggage. The service and concierge were exceptional and went out of their way to do extra things for us. I cannot say enough about this place and the people who are working there. After going to Yosemite and several others places we needed to return to San Francisco for our return flight home and wanted to stayed again at the Pan Pacific which we did. The concierge printed our boarding passes for our airline and even arranged for a cab to be downstairs at a certain time to take us to the airport. This hotel even offers free car service during certain times of the day and several times instead of a cab they offered us the car for our own use. We loved this hotel and its location and would definitely stay here again. Finally, although a little more in price I was able to go on the Pan Pacific web site and get an internet special for several nights. Even if you pay a little more for this hotel -- you get what you pay for!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Delorian
<Content>Would stay there again I just returned from my trip tp San Francisco and I must say the Pan Pacific hotel is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Everyone was friendly and the service was outstanding. The only downside is the location as it's in Union Square. However, it's a city, and like all city it's busy.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury Room -Not! When seeing our room, that was standard, we decided to upgrade. Given choice of Deluxe or Luxury, we choose Luxury. Well, it was larger, but the bathroom was not as well equiped as the standard, no TV and smaller. Definately not worth the extra $50 per night. It took 30 minutes just to get a bucket of ice both evenings we were there. The room and beds were very comfortable, but for the price and service, I would try another hotel next time visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel,Great price I just spent a weekend at the Pan Pacific. Our room rate averaged $100. per night for a three day stay! The hotel was five star in all respects. I have stayed in many ultra luxury five star hotels, but have never experienced a better hotel for the money. The hotel has been recently rennovated and the rooms were clean and well appointed with a flat screen television and a second tv in the bathroom. The concierge and staff were great. We even got to use their complimentary limo a couple of times.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Terrific deal We stayed three nights. The hotel is in a top location off Union Square.If you like an active lobby with ornate furniture this is not for you. But if you like contemporary style, plush bathrooms, and attentive--but not stuffy--service, you'll like this. Everyone was friendly and helpful--door men, concierge, check-in, etc. Also, if you book by June 30 with Amex, you pay 1/2 price and the third night is free--essentially 3 nights for the price of one (rack rate).  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sabbaticalPlanner
<Content>Quiet class Wonderful clean decor done with impeccable taste.Quiet rooms, no one bothers you, but everyone is available at a moments notice to help you. A complimentary hotel car is available to take guest to restaurants, plays, etc.Parking which is usually $42 a night was included in a recent special rate. Nice add-on.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service is wonderful! After an exhausing two-week tour of northern California, we ended at the Pan Pacific. The attendants wouldn't hear of us touching our luggage, and were happy to return our rental car for us for a $5 charge. The reception desk (on the third floor of all places!) had a big bowl of fresh apples and they made us feel very welcome, and our luggage arrived almost immediately. The zen-like rooms were calming and relaxing. The bathroom, including a TV and phone, was something else---taking a bath became a must! They have a butler button which you push for any need (ice, more bathrobes, maps, pillow service, anything) which they cater to immediately. We had a bunch of stuff to ship and asked where we could find a shipping place--they took it, wrapped it, and shipped it for a nominal charge. We had to check our bags at the end of our trip (taking the red-eye home) and they were ready when we returned to catch the taxi to the airport which they were to call for us--except they gave us the hotel car (much, much nicer) for the taxi price, instead. I've been in service-oriented hotels before, but not like this. It was the perfect way to end our trip.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevinc
<Content>Outstanding Hotel! From the time we checked in, until checkout, the 4 days at the Pan Pacific was the highlight of a 10 day California vacation!Everyone was very helpful and efficient with always a friendly greeting, the best cocierge desk. Our large room was immaculate and very comfortable. The huge bathroom was fantastic, television and phone included!!We were very sad to leave. The location was the best! You will not be dissapointed in the Pan Pacific. Out of curiousity, as we were walking around the city, we checked out some other hotel properties that we were considering from Trip Advisor. Just from the greeting we received, or lack of, they did not even compare to the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for an AWESOME Price !!!       Workspace  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top notch! Rather than stay at the recommended chain hotel for the large conference I was attending, I chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews  they were right on the mark, once again. I requested  received a quiet room on a high floor - I could see the hills  the Bay in the distance. The room was tasteful, comfortable  clean, and the bed was outstanding. Firm, with a soft topper  soft pillows  a doublesheeted light down comforter. Just perfect. Terry robes, morning paper, pleasant and accommodating staff. Late one evening I had some trouble regulating the AC  I called the front desk. Within 5 minutes, the engineer was there to fix it. It was a pleasure.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vickam
<Content>Perfect Stayed at the Pan Pacific. My only advice to any readers of this site is : Stay there! I found this to be an excellent hotel in every respect. Beautiful accommodation and location could not be more convenient. On my next visit to S.F. I will stay there and if this hotel is not available I will change my travelling dates. Excellent - this hotel was a highlight of the holiday  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Weekend in San Fran We just returned from a very relaxing weekend in the city. I'm a frequent travler to San Fran and have stayed in many hotels all over the city and the Pan Pacific is one of my fav's. It's location is unbeatable - right off Union Square. It is a little less hetic being a block away from Union Square, but still very close, so within seconds you are in the middle of it all. I liked how the lobby was on the third floor; it made it very calm and away from the hustle of Post St. I enjoyed sitting by the fire in the lobby enjoying a drink. Our room was awesome, very large! The bed was wonderful, one of the best hotel beds. The bathroom was also awesome, with a separate shower and tub, all surrounded by black marble. All in all it was a great weekend shopping, relaxing, but the best part by far was the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CrankiestOne
<Content>Nearly excellent hotel We stayed five nights at the Pan, with a two-night break in the middle of our stay. After the first three nights, we agreed that the hotel was just missing the mark....it was almost excellent. We never felt welcomed when we checked in; the gentleman at the front desk simply wasn't friendly.The rooms are average size, but didn't feel cramped. The bathrooms are small, but ours had a separate tub/shower which was a nice touch. The bathrooms are beautifully appointed. The butler service is a nice touch. The hotel definitely does not want its guests doing for themselves--if you want ice, contact your butler to bring it, because it's not available at the end of the hall!There is a courtesy car service, which was one of the selling points for us. However, it is not available on Sunday, not available between 9:30a-5:30p, and doesn't go beyond a two-mile radius. Fisherman's Wharf was too far. In fact, we weren't able to use the courtesy car until we went to the airport, for which we paid a $45 fee.On our return for the last two nights, we had a more enjoyable check-in. We learned that the valet would return our rental car for a $5 fee (could be worth if if you don't want to deal with traffic). In the end, this is a very Japanese hotel--the staff was obedient; they reacted to our needs but didn't well anticipate them.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Slept like a Baby I bought 3 nights on Hotwire for $108 a night. I could not have afforded it otherwise. This is a four or five star hotel. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a junior suite at no extra charge. The bed had a pillow top and was marvelous. I slept like a baby. Our room had a flat screen tv and also a tv in the bathroom. The bathroom had a tub and a glass shower. The concierge was great, very knowledgeable and recommended some great restaurants as well as made our dinner reservations. The hotel is located in Union Square. So, it is walking distance to the trolley cars and shopping. I would definitely stay there again!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>planeman
<Content>Loved the Pan Pacific We just returned from a weekend at the Pan Pacific...The hotel's location is fantastic!!.. with walking distance to Union Square. The Hotel is very elegant. The rooms are large and trendy..the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was small with very little counter space, but it is all marble and very chic. The room came with robes a nice touch. The service was also very prompt and professional from everyone. You can park across the street at a parking garage for $28.00 instead of the $45.00 the hotel charges for valet parking. All in all I would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel I have to say, I read all of the reviews in the Trip Advisor prior to my trip and had some concerns. My daughter and I stayed at the Pan Pacific Easter week, 2005. This hotel was incredible. The room, although not spacious, was clean, modern and the bathroom is incredible. The staff? EXTREMELY courteous, polite and helpful with EVERYTHING. The car available to guests is a great perk. I will definitely stay nowhere else but the Pan Pacific when visiting San Francisco again! Really!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious base for hopping around the city! I booked my Pan Pacific stay as part of a package deal on Expedia, as I was traveling there for a conference at the Moscone Center. My friends came, too, and they stayed in slightly nicer rooms (and paid handsomely for them) and we all had a terrific time at the Pan Pacific.Highlights include a fabulous bed, a gorgeous bathroom, a quiet stay and very good butler service. My room was a bit smaller than my friends' and on a lower floor but was nevertheless very comfortable, even though the furniture was just a bit worn and the windows were just a bit loose. The shower was a little too tiny and didn't get hot enough for my tastes, but the maid service was impeccable and I loved the room. It was quite a treat to stay at the Pan Pacific, too, because its location can't be beat. Highly recommended if you can get a good deal on a room, and be sure to explore the neighborhood--it's very touristy and very pricey, but then you don't come to SF to save money!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anndale
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Recently stayed at the Pan Pacific Hotel and we loved it. The location is within walking distance of the cable car lines, Union Square, the Bart and Chinatown. The staff was wonderful, knowledgeable and very helpful.. The doorman even went out of his way to get us a nicer taxi,when we tried to use the towncar service and a towncar was not available. The rooms are wonderful, especially the beds which was almost more comfortable than home...We would highly recommend this Hotel, and will gladly stay again if we return to San Francisco...  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ksquare
<Content>Great location for San Francisco exploration We just returned from a fabulous week in San Francisco. The Pan Pacific San Francisco is a terrific hotel in a great location. The hotel serves as a great base for exploration of the city. You see, San Francisco is a compact city that is best explored on foot. From the Union Square location of the Pan Pacific hotel, you can easily walk to Chinatown, North Beach, and even Fishermans Wharf.When you visit, make sure to ask the concierge for restaurant recommendations. Although it's easy to find many great restaurants in San Francisco, the Pan Pacific concierge offers a variety of restaurants that tourists wouldn't ordinarily find. Example: Jardiniere near the Civic Center. The concierge arranged for an anniversary dinner for my wife and I. This was one of the most enjoyable dinner experiences ever. Jardiniere is not a tourist restaurant with a view of the city. Instead they offer a fantastic meal served by people who pay attention to every detail.One additional word of advice for those visiting San Francisco: Bring your walking shoes! Have fun!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>circuitboitravel
<Content>What a great hidden Treasure I tend to stay at alot of hotels in SF, and I had always seen this hotel, and 1 day, decided to try it.The staff knocks you out......Very Friendly, wanting to make sure that you enjoyed your stay, and if there is anything they forgot. Rooms are nice, and a flat screen tv. I think what they have done with the TV's in the bathroom is a terrific idea. How nice to lay in a tub after a hard day and enjoy the tv.The resturant for lunch was nice. It's not a bad walk to the financial district, it took me 10 minutes and I sort of shopped on the way down.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another great experience This is my favorite hotel I've ever stayed at. Once for my honeymoon last May 2004 and again this time in March 2005 on business. The rooms are spacious and minimalist. The beds are out of this world. The bathrooms are huge and include both a shower stall and bathtub with a TV in there to boot. Amazing service and a breathtaking view in the courtyard. The only downfall is the parking which is $47 a night. Then again, I got the room for $90 on Hotwire, so I can't complain. Overall, this is a perfect place.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dash1_98
<Content>great location; nice room We stayed between Christmas and New Years. Got an amazing deal at Hotels. Room was very nice. Concierge was extremely helpful. Location was excellent. Parking was a rip-off. Park across the street for 1/3 the price. Also the front desk upon check in offered us a room upgrade - the upgrade had a view of a construction site. We asked for our Hotels room and it was a better view and just as nice a room (just a bit small). This is a great deal for SF if you get a discount room and park elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NapaValleyGirl
<Content>AWFUL HOTEL I was looking forward to staying at this hotel after reading the reviews of it on Trip Advisor. I was never so disapointed in my life. For the price of this hotel I expected alot. I didn't get it. This hotel is not attractive in the least. The rooms were cold and sterile, all white, plain. The 2 beds in the room were tiny, not even doubles. They were each like a slightly bigger twin. The only nice thing was the bathroom. But how much time do you spend in there? The worst part of the trip was the bellhop pounding on our door at 1am, he said he was there to check us out and take our bags? I guess someone wanted to check out in the middle of the night, it wasn't us. The bellhop was confused so we called down to the front desk. They could care less, they didn't know what was going and frankly didn't seem to care. No apology, nothing. Also, parkiing was $42 per night plus 14% TAX. If you want a 5 star hotel experience in San Francisco go to the FAIRMONT, they know how to treat their guests right.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RumRunner01
<Content>Not sure if I'd stay again The location of this hotel can't be beat. It's right in the middle of it all and you can walk everywhere. However, I was unimpressed with the service. I was here with a group from work for the Builder Show last June, but the staff did not seem very hospitable. The only person who cracked a smile was one of the doormen. Other than that, don't expect much hospitality or warmth.The rooms were very spartan but the bathrooms were magnificent. I loved having the tv in the bathroom. Plus you had a separate tub and shower, though the shower was pretty small. The amenities were really nice too. But other than that the room was very basic and dull.Did not eat at the restaurant as it was very expensive. For a great meal walk down to Maxwells for a great meal at a great price.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! What a wonderful hotel. My husband and I were from the San Francisco area and recently moved to Hawaii. We were back for the holidays and stayed here right before Christmas and we loved it! The staff were so pleasant and greeted us each night when we came in. We felt like they went above and beyond to be pleasant. The location is close to all, near Union Square and close to good restaurants. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent hotel one block from Union Square My Wife, Daughter and I stayed for 3 nights at the Pan Pacific in November and would rate this hotel very highly after staying at the Fairmont Orchid Hawaii and the Bellagio. The location is perfect for the shops (we found the Pier 39 area to be tacky) and the rooms are fantastic - spacious, with lcd tv, large windows and a huge bathroom with tv! We didnt eat in the hotel so cant comment on that but the staff were very friendly even though we were clearly one of the poorer guests! As I used tripadvisor to book all our hotels I thought I should share this with you - basically the tripadvisor reviews got it right in all of the hotels we stayed at!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristyann
<Content>Pan Pacific San Fransisco...a real home from home My husband and I have just returned (10/01/05) from 14 nights at this hotel, it is not our first stay at this hotel, yet each visit is just a special stay.The staff are the most friendly, happy and informative you could hope to meet.The rooms (we received a free upgrade as frequent visitors) are spacious and very comfortable.The new flat screen plasma t.v's are excellant quality, as are the choices of channels and pay to view movies,also the BOSE radios are an excellant quality,being left on for you at a very low volumn,if you choose to ask for turndown, another free service. The bathroom is just dreamy,all marble with seperate tub and shower,I loved the miniture t.v. in the bathroom, a nice touch.The butler service is excellant and so quick to respond,with nothing being to much trouble.The location is perfect, half a block from Union Square,and right in the middle of some great theatres and restuarants,(try SEARS, just round the corner, to avoid the line of this popular restuarant for breakfast, you need to be there before 8:00a.m, but even if you are later, the line moves very quickly,lunch and dinner are equally as popular).If you fancy the theatre,try TICKET MASTER, located in Union Square for half price tickets,we managed to get tickets for every show we wished to see, all at half price.All in All an EXCELLANT HOTEL at the most excellant location where you are made to feel so welcome and everybody is so friendly.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Great stay - huge room - bathroom exemplary" We stayed at the Pan Pacific for three nights and the room was huge, clean, and had all the amenities for a family of four. The bathroom was perfect with a separate shower and tub and the water pressure was great. The staff was very accommodating and pleasant to work with for directions and assistance. We would highly recommend this hotel to any family travelling to San Francisco. We have stayed at other smaller boutique type hotels and this by far will be where we come back to when we visit again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, mediocre hotel... The location of the Pan Pacific was excellent; however the hotel itself was very mediocre. The hotel is pretty dated. The rooms are nice, but I've seen much better for the price (we did get a screamin'deal on Hotwire of $127.00 per night, which made it adequate for the price) but I would not stay there again for the AAA book prices. The hotel has no panache at all, it is a very sanitary, lifeless hotel. The staff is courteous, when you can find them. The bar/lounge is a joke, and it is so quiet in there you feel like you are at a funeral viewing.When my wife and I do go back to the Union Square area, which we definitely will, we will stay at either the St. Francis, Hyatt, or other which we have had much better stays.Added tip, do NOT eat at Asia de Cuba, which is the restaurant in the Clift Hotel. The food was extremely overpriced, $100+ per person for very small portion and no drinks, and the service was the worst service I have ever had at a restaurant. The food really was not all that good either, I would give the food 1 star out of 5--Panda Express has better asian food.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!... Skip restraunt for dinner!!!! Location/Great Staff/GREAT!Rooms  Bath/Great: (clean  neat)Restraunt(Pacific)/ SKIP for Dinner  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Near Everything Our 5th stay in San Francisco (normally stay at Handlery). Hotel is very impressive and is in a great location. Only criticism would be parking is very very expensive. Whatever you save on internet booking is taken by parking charges. All the staff were very friendly and helpful and room was spacious and clean. Would stay again but have soft spot for the Handlery.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>somebody_else
<Content>I'd stay again Stayed one very short night, and I'd stay again. Rooms are quiet, and with windows that open (yay!), and the bathrooms are gorgeous. The coffee-makers are great, with disposable filter trays instead of the never-quite-clean filter cones you usually find. The reservation folks told me that the standard fluff level of pillows, for those of you who are interested, is soft, but firm can be provided on request. I found the pillows fairly firm, but hey, I was glad just to have feather pillows at all. Room heating works great, and very quick. The glass elevators allowing you to see the many levels of the atrium-style floors, is a lot of fun. Wake-up call was on time.Why not 5 stars? Found 3 hairs in the bathtub, but I cleaned the tub quickly myself, and hopped in. There were some very large stains on the what-do-you-call-that-thing - the ruffle hanging down from the bed to the floor, and some on the wall near it. When I called with questions about the BART and the airport, twice, the folks answering were fairly abrupt (and incorrect). My husband was quoted a price by the doormen for the hotel car to the airport, but when he called to book he was given the run around, plus a much higher price. Then he was told first come, first serve and he said fine, we had to be at the airport for 5 a.m...then it was suddenly no longer possible (even though nobody else was booked).But overall, I was happy with the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tengohambre2
<Content>A top hotel in SanFran My family and I stayed at the Pan San Francisco in late August. Two adults and two children. It was a great stay; we highly recommend the hotel. We had a leisure package, I think, and upgraded to a very large suite, with two bathrooms and a pull out couch. Although the room really did not have much of a view (I don't think many rooms in SF do, perhaps I'm wrong), that is the only thing the room was lacking. The decor was Asian minimalist, with cool color tones, flat screen TVs, a terrific bed and a large marble bathroom with large tub, separate shower and all the amenities. The hotel also has pvt butler service. Essentially, you flip a switch and someone answers quickly, asking what you need. Its a great gimmick. Hotel's location is perfect, about a block from Union Square. A number of good mid priced restaurants closeby. The staff at the hotel was uniformly good, particularly the concierges. They exceeded expectations. Always had good recommendations and actually appeared concerned that we were happy. Same with the door men and front desk. The hotel offers a Town Car to drive you where you want later in the afternoon/evening. Again, a very nice touch. On the downside, the Pan does not have a pool, if that is something you are looking for. We looked into a number of other hotels and thought the Pan was the best selection. Many others appeared over loaded with tours or consisted of oversized lobbies with lots of tourists looking around aimlessly. The Pan is much more intimate. San Fran is a terrific city. Make sure you visit Alcatraz and book ahead. The Pan's concierge did so for us, I had called ahead. The trip to Alcatraz consistently sells out so, if you don't reserve ahead you are likely out of luck. I am a relatively jaded New Yorker and I thought the audio tour of the prison and the facility itself was tops, very memorable. The kids loved it. Also, take the short drive to Muir Woods. Huge redwoods, worth seeing - before they are cut down. The city has some excellent food, especially Asian and the people were very open. I compare it to NYC, without the attitude. Although as one reviewer wrote the hotel is predominantly a business hotel, I would not let that impact your decision if you are a family. The property is top notch, great service and great location. The kids loved it and would return in a minute, as would we which, in our house, is the test of a good hotel.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdvip
<Content>Good Room, Great Location, But Oh So Soulless! We stayed here for the last three nights of our 11 day tour of the US. Lovely room - a Luxury King - very spacious and airy, simple decor, LCD TV (although not the best quality, to be fair) and Bose radio. Bathroom was quite 'glitzy' with lots of marble and a baby TV, but was perhaps a little cramped.Room was cleaned well every day and same-day laundry was returned to us as required.We used the complimentary car to take us to dinner one night, which was a really nice touch. We used it again, at a cost of $45, to take us to the airport - very good value compared to using a cramped taxi, and the driver was great.However, in my honest opinion this had to be the most soulless hotel I have ever stayed in - especially in the Pacific Bar. Located within the lobby, it was as if every last shred of atmosphere had been sucked out of it by an industrial vacuum. The staff were robotic, the setting sterile and one's fellow bar flies appeared to consist solely of disillusioned travelling businessmen. The restaurant, which we'd planned on trying prior to our stay, never had more than three of four diners in it and the staff in there looked bored to tears.For our evening tipple we wandered up Nob Hill to the Mark Hopkins - a proper cocktail bar with music, lively staff and a fantastic view. Might be tempted to stay here next time.Having said that, there was one big thing in the Pan Pac's favour - it wasn't hit by the 'striking' hotel staff in the same way as some of the larger hotels, so at least you didn't have to cross a picket line to get to your room on a night!This is definitely a business hotel, despite the 'Leisure' packages that it touts. As tourists we felt a little isolated here.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marshall
<Content>Great Hotel We spent four nights here in November 2004. This is a very, very good hotel. Helpful staff, excellent rooms and a great central location in the heart of San Francisco. The only negative aspect is the valet parking charge - $45 per night including tax! You can get a decent motel room for this price! The fact is you don't need a car in San Francisco which is small enough to explore on foot or cable car. We would definitely return to this hotel which, overall is great value for money.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! This is a top-notch hotel operated with great attention to detail. From the moment I arrived I was greeted with warmth. The free apples at the reception desk was a nice touch. My room was very comfortable. I was impressed with the Bose wave radio and the LCD flat panel TV. The bed was very comfortable and the hotel is in a very convenient location close to the cable car line and shopping.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel; good location My husband and I were at the Pan Pacific Hotel for 2 nights, 11/13-11/14. The room was nice, the bed and pillows were very comfortable. The rooms were very quiet, you could hear the people out in the hall as we were going to our room, but it was very quiet once we got in our room. The people at the front desk were very helpful, Kyle the concierge giving us great suggestions for dinners, and good directions. The cable cars are just a couple of blocks away. I compared hotels read the reviews before I picked the Pan Pacific, then right before we were going to leave on our trip I read a couple of reviews that were not very good and I was a little concerned. But after staying, we were not disappointed. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tankus
<Content>The Pan-Terrific Hotel After working for a company that measures customer satisfaction, I've found that I have become very picky when it comes to customer service in hotels and restaurants. The Pan Pacific truly surprised me with its hospitality and charm.I made my reservation for one room (2 double beds) through Expedia, who offered a 20% discount per night if you stayed for two or more nights. However, after staying in this 4-star hotel for 6days/5nights, I鈥檇 gladly stay again and pay the full rate. The bellhops and front desk staff were genuinely friendly, and the concierge desk was VERY helpful (especially Andrea). They were able to give us clear, concise directions to everything we wanted to see and do, and even recommended an excellent day spa close to the hotel.Every member of the hotel鈥檚 staff seemed happy to be there. The doormen always remembered who we were and asked how our day-trips were: How was dinner at XYZ Restaurant? How was Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf? They even provided one of the hotel鈥檚 town cars at a discounted rate when my co-worker and I were trying to get to a conference near the airport.The rooms were simple, but spacious. I loved the marble bathroom and the seemingly over-sized tub. I only heard our rowdy neighbors once, but the front desk was quick to quiet them down. The beds and pillows were SO comfortable 鈥?I had a hard time sleeping in my own bed once I got home!Overall, this was probably the best hotel experience I've ever had. It is not one of the 14 hotels in the area that are on strike (see aboutsfmeg for a list), and is far enough away from any of them not to be bothered by it.The only downside was the Pacific restaurant on the third floor. The food was overpriced and bland, and the service, well, rivaled only that of a fast-food restaurant. Try Sears Fine Foods around the corner for good, home-cooked meals at a decent price.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moritzfamily
<Content>it was awful The pan pacific. where to even begin. I went to visit colleges in the san francisco area. However, many of my plans were cut short due to the awful service of the pan pacific sanfran. They gave me the wrong information for bus and train times, bart times and directions. This bad information caused me to miss an cancel many appointments i made weeks ago at stanford, berkeley and real estate agents. They promised to compensate for my troubles by providing a free stay for the weekend. although they made this promise i never received any compensation. So my trip all the way to san francisco from boston was a waste of time and money because of the atrocious staff and organization of the pan pacific.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>large room, minimal service, dated a/c, TV didn't work Thankfully, my deal on hotwire meant a substantially lower price than is listed on this page. The room itself was nice and large, with a decent view. However, the air conditioner was an old wall unit, that they had simply stuck a programable thermostat on. It was either on or off, and it would take about 20 minutes to reach the desired temperature, and when it was on, it was loud - one speed only. Then the TV didn't work, a guy came up and worked on it for 20 minutes, it worked for a while and then stopped again. The service at the front desk was also slow, with very minimal customer interaction, and the valets didn't open your door, help with bags or anything, so no tip needed there. All in all, a nice location with decent larger rooms, but if detail and service is big on your list, keep looking.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! My wife and I stayed here for two nights from 10/10-10/12/04. We flew to Oakland, then rented a convertible and started in San Fran and drove down Pacific Coast Highway to LA. First off, let me recommend doing this. We took a week, and it was incredible. That's another story. As far as the Pan Pacific is concerned, we stayed during the middle of the hotel worker's strike. I had done a LOT of research while I was in Afghanistan on places to stay in SF prior to coming out there. I had considered several other hotels. The majority of those hotels, it so happened, were surrounded day and night by angry and disgruntled hotel union employees, banging with sticks and shouting into megaphones. Not so at the Pan Pacific. Plus one for them. I'll just be brief in this review. The place is pricey, but great. You will not be disappointed. We got a room upgrade for a reasonable price when we first checked in. The rooms are beautiful. It's kind of like post-modern Japanese minimalism. Very light colors, high quality furniture. Lots of marble. The open air atrium is very classy, and the service is top notch. The staff are friendly and professional, and the hotel is pretty much in the center of everything. The bed was incredibly soft, and the decor was elegant. A few gripes - the valet service (which they do not inform you of at the time of your check in) is $39 per night. Kind of pricey. You also won't get the best views at this hotel. No worries, it can't be helped sometimes as SF has so many hills. In addition, though Union Square is in the middle of the city, we found ourselves spending a lot more time towards the wharf area. There aren't that many attractions - aside from shopping and restaurants - that are in Union Square. All in all, though, we'd definitely go back and stay. I've traveled quite a bit with my job, and I have to stay this is one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. You pay for it, but it is nice.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>river999
<Content>Very nice, stay here       SBC Park  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location and Service! Great room and perfect view! The location, service and ambience of the hotel were great! So close to Union Sq and Chinatown. The view from the 16th floor was amazing...especially at night. The trip was a surprise for my girlfriend and she also loved the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room and Great Staff Spent two nights in San Francisco and the Pan Pacific helped make our visit great. The room was excellent (large bathroom, LCD TV, comfy bed, clean, access to their limo shuttle) and the staff went out of their way to help us. Pan Pacific's concierge are one of the best I've ever encountered... personable, great dinner recos, arranged custom limo trips, and on personal time went to Ticketmaster to purchased concert tickets for us. Couldn't ask for more (except cheaper drinks in the lobby bar).  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real steal if you can get a discounted rate I booked a standard king size bed room at a steeply discounted rate that I found on Orbitz. The place was great for San Francisco given the rate I got. The location can't be beat: it is on Union and Mason, just a block or so from Union Square, and the hotel is just far enough off of Powell Street that is was not noisy at all at night or in the mornings. Check in was a snap, and the staff was very helpful, starting with the desk clerk and then with the concierge, whom we asked for directions and ideas. The rest of the service was just fine. I particularly liked the fact that there were bellmen and doormen at the street level always available to be helpful. Maid service was just fine. We never tried to use the two services that the hotel hypes so much: the pillow selection or the valet service.My only complaint is that a hotel of this category really should offer turndown service in the evening. We had to hunt through the small print of the hotel service directory after the first night to learn that this service is available, but only on requrest.The standard room was very nicely furnished. It was of a decent size given San Francisco room standards. The robe and umbrella were a nice touch. The marble bathrooms were really beautiful and I liked the safe in the closet. Water pressure in the showers was fine. No view from our room, but who cares in this city when you are out all day, and the rate was so reasonable after shopping around that the price was great.My only constructive criticism of the place relates to its layout and security. You can take the elevator right from street level to your room without stopping at the lobby on the third floor and changing elevators. This is a nice change from many hotels that prevent this by making you stop in the lobby. The down side of this is that anyone can walk into the hotel and go directly up the elevator to the guest floors without anyone asking or checking to see if they are hotel guests. I would feel better if there was some way to prevent people from coming off the street and all the way upstairs.Despite this, we had a great 3 days at a beautiful facility. While this hotel is not in the top tier of luxury like a Ritz, Four Seasons, etc. It is a very nice hotel at the next level down, and a real steal if you can book a room at a steeply discounted price like I did.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morellyn
<Content>A First-Rate Stay I recently stayed at the Pan Pacific for the 3rd time. While that statement may speak for itself, I would like to share some of the more attractive features. The location is excellent, with Union Square shopping only a block away, and Fisherman's Wharf a short trolley/taxi ride. The rooms themselves are even better, especially for the money. Yes, it will probably cost you $120-$150/night, plus an additional $20 or so for parking, BUT it is highly dependable, and an all-around excellent hotel. I have paid more money to stay at far lesser hotels, and I would rank the Pan-Pacific with some that cost double or triple its room prices. The bedrooms themselves are fairly spacious, with high-quality sheets and bedding--something that really does make a difference in your night's sleep. The bathrooms are sumptuous, with marble floors, sinks, shower, etc., and very spacious. Plenty of shelf space as well. And the rooms are fairly quiet, even on a lower floor. Although we didn't indulge, the in-room entertainment is extensive, with your choice of dozens of movies, CDs on demand, digital music channels, internet access, or games for kids (though nothing is less than $10). An ironing board and steam iron also proved useful when I didn't have time to take advantage of the hotel's pressing and cleaning services. The lobby is quite impressive, and the service is excellent--I twice left my parking stub in the car, but the staff had no problem finding my car and bringing it up even before I was ready. The concierge was knowledgeable and quite helpful in procuring hard-to-get tickets to a popular play. If I had any nitpicks, I'd probably say the breakfast in the lobby restaurant and drinks in the bar were overpriced, though certainly everything tasted just fine. I have stayed at other hotels in the area, and I keep coming back to the Pan-Pacific. I hope to keep coming back for many years to come.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place To Stay Stayed 2 nights at the Pan Pacific. The room was elegant and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. Convenient location. Would happily stay there again. Loved the tv in the bathroom.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury and service in SF We started staying at the Pan Pacific 15 years ago on our Honeymoon night. Every once in a while we try a different hotel in SF and are dissapointed and go back to Pan Pacific. The rooms are typical size for SF but the luxury is there in every room. It is not only clean and beautiful, but the service is perfect and we stay there probably 4 or 5 times a year and it is always consistent. I am a very picky traveler and this hotel fits the bill. If you stay here you won't be disspointed.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Pan Pac the SF Landmark The Pan Pac is a stately bastion for elite travelers. Expect to pay $150-$300 for a room which is on the higher end. Of course, the rooms are higher end. They range from 300 sqaure feet to over 400 square feet. Each is well appointed with comfortable beds (Duvets), large bathrooms with separate tubs and quality furnishings. Service is at a high standard and the staff are warm. Several rates permit a suite upgrade for $50 a night. I recommend this. My suite last stay was larger than most SF apartments probably 1000 square feet and on a corner. Public areas are nice and expect high prices at the bar and restaurant both of which are fairly good.Take advantage of the location and get out into SF. Try Sanraku for sushi on Sutter about 2 blocks away, I never miss it.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheLazySailor
<Content>Don't overlook this gem My wife and I stayed here 2 nights for our anniversary. Booked it through Hotwire for $100 a night, which was a really good deal for this place. The room wasn't huge but had an awesome bed, an LCD TV, Bose clock radio, etc. Apparently that's standard with every room. The bathroom was also incredible. Marble walls and floors, color TV with remote, phone, separate shower stall. Everyone we interacted with was extremely helpful and nice. They have a courtesy car that will take you anywhere downtown during the morning or evening hours (you're on your own getting back). Hotel is just a block from Union Square and the Cable Cars. Hertz and Thrifty across the street too, which was handy. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A unique hotel who's great staff makes all the difference While some may view the Pan Pacific as more of a business oriented luxury hotel, I would like to cast a different light... Due to unusual circumstances, my girlfriend and I now find ourselves on opposite sides of the continent. Meeting up is a big event, and we had planned a trip to San Francisco. I poured over the reviews and pricing in attempts to find a luxury hotel that would fit our style without devastating my wallet. The comments made by previous guests often referred to the attentiveness of the Pan Pacific. Attention to detail by the staff was said to be on par with the Ritz Carlton. After finding a reasonable rate online, I booked a reservation for two nights in a Superior Queen. The first night of our stay also happened to fall on my girlfriends birthday. I contacted the reservation department at the Pan Pacific and let them know the special circumstances surrounding our stay. Arrival: The Pan Pacific was located right in the heart of Union Square. Plenty of shopping and public transportation to get you around (it was nice not to worry about parking $$$). The main lobby is gorgeous, with an ornate statue and a view all the way up to the roof skylight. Twin glass elevators shuttle you to and from your floors. Very classy without being too swanky. We arrived earlier than our check-in time, with baggage in hand. We were given a warm and friendly welcome and I was addressed by name frequently. I was a bit disappointed that they did not acknowledge my girlfriends birthday. They happily checked our baggage in and told us our room would be ready shortly. We returned in an hour and I realized that my initial disappointment was a bit premature as the receptionist proceeded to wish her a very happy birthday. She then informed us that we would be upgraded to a suite. I was beaming to say the least. The bellhop then showed us to our room. He was smiling and courteous and insisted that we use our personal valet service (a switch on the wall that when flipped,notifies your personal valet to call) you when flipped should we require the least bit of assistance. The room: PERFECT! Everything about the room just screamed class. It was absolutely spotless. Carpets were brand new, and the linens were gleaming white. The suite was cavernous by my standards. The bathroom was all marble, with recessed lighting, and separate bath and shower. The vanity had a full size mirror, makeup mirror, various appliances, and even a TV. There was an elegant circular glass table in the dining area. The TV by the bed was sufficiently large, but not so big as to block the window. We were graced with a corner room on the 18th floor, and each of the large half-moon windows provided wonderful views of the city. Again, I can't stress enough how clean the room was. Everything looked brand new. The style could be best described as minimalistic. Neutral colors and not overly ornate and gaudy. I could definitely see the Eastern influence. Very eye pleasing and calming. The feather bed was the most comfortable I had ever laid on. In fact, just sitting there for a moment made a nap seem very tempting. As I was giving into temptation, there was a knock at the door... The service: Upon answering the door, I see that the valet has brought us a bottle of complementary champagne. I am so far above satisfied at this point that it's hard to put into words. My girlfriend seemed VERY happy, and so was I. After being persuaded out of my nap, we decided to explore the city a bit. Not knowing exactly how to get around, we thought we'd talk to hotel information. The concierge was both friendly and knowledgeable. She showed us the trolley car and bus routes, let us know what we would have to pay, and even penciled routes on a map. What a great city. After a long day, I slept like a baby in the feather bed and awoke with a huge appetite. My girlfriend thought it would be fun to order room service. Though ridiculously expensive, I have to admit that it was a great idea. The breakfast menu was varied enough so that we could both get exactly what we wanted. She picked out an omelette while I mulled over getting a Belgian waffle. Alfonso (I wish I could remember more employee names) took our order over the phone and embodied exactly what I loved about the Pan Pacific. His friendliness and sincerity was infectious. He greeted me by name, wished me good morning, complemented my choices, then asked if there was anything else that he could do for us. Without prompting, he let me know precisely when the food would arrive. As promised, breakfast arrived in 20 minutes. The gentleman who delivered the food made sure that everything was to our liking and even offered to setup the meal on the glass table. He made sure to ask if everything was how we wanted it before he left. The food was delicious, and it was obviously all made from scratch. After breakfast, we lounged for a while into the afternoon. Breakfast, combined with towels and gift-wrap made quite a mess. Housekeeping had skipped our room because of the DND on the door. I called to let them know we would be gone for the afternoon, and they happily agreed to schedule a room tidying. When we returned that night, the room was as clean as it appeared upon check-in. We felt ashamed that they had even gone to the length of picking up a multitude of packing peanuts from one of the corners of the room. Once again, I was very impressed. The next morning, we were obviously very sad to leave. The room had become very comfortable, and I felt myself becoming accustomed to this level of pampering. Checkout was quick and painless. I received a genuine thank you for my choice to stay at the Pan Pacific. I should have been the one thanking them. I will be returning.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hobogirl923
<Content>Gorgeous... but expensive I stayed at the Pan Pacific with my family in the summer of 2003. We took advantage of the Leisure Package and uprgraded to a Junior Suite; a huge room with a living area, dining area, separate bedroom, foyer, and two full bathrooms. The cost? $275 a night. Yes, the service was wonderful. Yes, the location is ideal. Yes, the room was beautiful. But would I pay that much again for a $275 (plus taxes and tips... so many tips...) taste of luxury? Of course I would. I forgot to mention the complimentary limo service. A must stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monday
<Content>Very expensive 3-star hotel Rooms are completely basic and the atmosphere is unremarkable. The Pan Pacific is still a good place to stay if you get a cheap promotional rate, but in no way does it justify the price tag of a 5-star luxury hotel, because it isn't one. Also be warned of the ludicrious daily parking charge.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it used to be I stayed at the Pan Pacific in 1997 and was thrilled. Unfortunately, they have not updated anything since then. The hotel looks dated and the carpet in my room was very worn. The bathroom was dark and needed to be re-caulked. The wait for the elevator was long at times. You can get a much better bang for your buck than this in SF.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phenomenal Hotel! My husband and I have stayed in a lot of great hotels around the world, and this one ranks at the top. We paid nearly nothing (on hotwire) and were amazed. The beds were fantastic, thick down comforters, soft down pillows. The bathroom was all marble, with an extra tv and phone. There was a large mirror surrounded (scary) tub to relax in, and a glass enclosed shower stall. Plenty of beautiful glass shelving to hold all of your toiletries and fresh flowers to complete the look. We were pleased that the hotel has wireless internet access for a very resonable price, and also has a business center for faxing, photo copying and printing. The hotel's limo service even droped us off at dinner one night. The staff bent over backwards to accomodate us. The bell hop was going to give us (for free) his extra tickets to pac bell park, but we already had our own. The location is unbeatable, and the views from the rooms are great. I promise you will not be dissapointed, this hotel is as good as they come.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way overrated... Expensive property with a nice lobby. I stayed in a corner room that was in need of a renovation - I was told the entire hotel is soon to receive new carpets, etc. High speed internet did not work, I was told no refund, since the provider is a 3rd party company. No coffee service in room, unless I want to pay $25/night....When you want a nice place to stay, go a few blocks away and choose the Monaco - a truly great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but for the price not great My husband, myself, our daughter and her friend stayed in a suite at the Pan Pacific in San Francisco/Union Square from January 1 to January 4, 2004.First impression - the lobby was quiet and beautiful. The girls loved the elevator - quick.Check-in - quick and painless. Read about but were not asked about our pillow preference.Suite - the decor was understated but nice. There were 2 baths - one with a shower and one in the main bedroom with a shower, seperate tub, and tv. The bathrooms were beautiful. The robes were huge and comfortable and plenty of towels. The toiletries were nice and there was a blow dryer in the master bath.Complaint 1 - the hotel knew there were 4 people staying in the room but the room was only prepared for 2. When we called to request the sofabed be made up we also requested extra pillows for the sofabed and were told to check the main bedroom closet for extra pillows. I was a little put off that after spending $275 a night I had to justify a request for more pillows. At this time they did ask our pillow preference - feather, foam, or firm.Complaint 2 - the room was nice but it was a little surprising to see electrical gray tape holding down the telephone lines.Complaint 3 - we traveled with kids so my husband was in the bedroom watching tv and the kids were in the living area watching tv. Even with the panel doors closed the tvs competed against each other.Complaint 4 - when the car was brought up front at checkout, the doormen did not assist us with loading our luggage.Complaint 5 - the minibar was not restocked every day.Complaint 6 - our room rate included either free parking which at $39 a day is a nice plus or 2 free breakfasts for adults. We decided to forego the breakfasts and utilize the free parking instead. At checkout we had to remind the desk that this was included in our rate and that we had not eaten breakfast at the hotel.The complaints seem picky but I think that a luxury hotel like the Pan Pacific should have wowed us and they didn't. It was nice but not great. I don't know, maybe we expected too much but I think one of the leading hotels in the world should offer leading service.The location of the hotel is wonderful if you're looking for access to Union Square. We were able to walk to the main trolley lines, the wonderful SF stores, quite a few restaurants, and you can even walk to Chinatown if you're up to it.Next time we'll probably try the Fairmont instead.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best hotels in San Francisco   showReview(1490681, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(1283188, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best I've stayed at   showReview(1276520, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Elegant Hotel   showReview(1189796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moodyblue
<Content>One nagging complaint   showReview(993601, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel in every way   showReview(971402, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bose Radio overkill   showReview(917868, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pan Pacific   showReview(858784, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pan Pacific   showReview(701623, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pan Pacific - WOW!   showReview(236069, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel fabuleux   showReview(15565576, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CLARAQUINTERO
<Content>Me encanto!!!   showReview(8360513, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19155466, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

