<Author>Anglotraveller
<Content>Over Priced Four Seasons       Four Seasons Living Room  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelalot2
<Content>in the middle of beautiful nature We have chosen this place primarily due to architecture and setting promissed on the FS website. And we did not regret the choice at all. Design of this hotel is truly unique. Especially impressive were beautifully landscaped grounds rolling down to the Ayung river. Similarly impressive was the entrance including the lobby which was already being described in others reviews. And here our wow is about to end. In terms of rooms we were quite surprised that the suite was already little run down, but still good sized and giving comfortable ambiance. Big windows over both floors giving the vue of rice fields behind were amazing. So that without this view, being this hotel in other place I would probably never pay for this room such a premium.The restaurant located in -2 floor of the main building again takes all its advantage from the river gorge view. Otherwise is rather overpriced and we used it only for breakfast which was included in our rate. And here I want to mention a rather weird and for us unacceptable experience. Though included in price we have been always given the bill at the end to sign (to be deducted at check out) giving the impression that they want to show us how much they spent on us, like giving us the breakfast free. Yes it was by the prices there always above 100USD bill for simple breakfast for 2. But if they offer a BB rate they just should let you have a breakfast and go like in other places. This made us feel sorry for them and give them lot of points on our impression scale down.In terms of dinner the main attraction for us - view - has faded away in dark so we rather took the shuttle bus to Ubud and enjoyed good food and wines in town. We found Ary鈥檚 Warung being the best, though strangely not being on the concierge list in the hotel. Probably too big competition for the hotels restaurant.And last but not least - the so much praised in other reviews - service. Definitely the staff is perfectly trained to show the guests that they do everything to make them feel welcome and meet your every need. But honestly this comes somehow too much and unbelievable. If you are asked during your teatime four times by three different people if your tea is good and if they can do something for us is honestly almost annoying. And if the smile from the person disappears seconds after its steps from you, hey, believe it is coming from heart. We did not. But besides this feeling the service was prompt and generally nice. But do not forget you are in Bali and the service is amazing almost everywhere.In summary I dont want to give feeling it is bad hotel. It is truly 5*experience with amazing facilities and setting. But when we were leaving we missed this special feeling that we are sorry to leave and we want to return soon.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>lovetravelLA
<Content>Peaceful Retreat at Four Seasons Sayan       upstairs - living room  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Fleetcat
<Content>Surreal architecture in the jungle.... It is difficult to be critical of this hotel. It is run to perfection, the service is first class, the location is beautiful, the rooms are comfortable, the food is good but鈥︹€︹€?The architecture has been mentioned in other reviews and it really is something you like or don鈥檛 and I didn鈥檛. A previous reviewer planted an idea in my head about the entrance to the rooms feeling like entering a (albeit incredibly posh) public toilet and he was spot on. Once in however the outside living room (we were in a river view suite) was amazing and all the amenities were as you would wish. There was lots of space and total privacy. We got plenty of sun during the day here.Mention has been made of the rafters going by however for us they were not a problem 鈥?there were only around half a dozen that passed while we were in the room and if we were in our lounge or on the sun loungers we could not see them and they could not see us 鈥?their screams just made us smile and only lasted a few seconds. (Villa 18). This room was also good as it was within easy walking distance of the main pool, the informal caf茅 and the spa and gym 鈥?no need for a buggy.I was disappointed with the view 鈥?I had expected rice paddies and panoramas and in fact beyond the river was just jungly forest 鈥?which was very high and took a lot of light. The hotel is actually in the river valley so everything feels kind of down rather than up!!! For this reason if I were returning I would consider a room in the main building or request one of the villas overlooking the rice paddies which would have more light. Also the river water rushing by was a great noise but it was definitely a noise. We were on a package that included a 1 hour Balinese massage. This was the best massage of our trip by a mile. It was in the spa area next to the gym which is not quite as restful as other spas so I would probably recommend if you were paying for it to go to one of the spa villas. The treatment rooms (I surmise) are under the restaurant and it was annoying to hear the scraping of tables and chairs being moved around just as you were relaxing into a stupor. Every day there is a free trek to the nearby (very) paddy fields which was pretty and good fun. Be prepared to get your trainers muddy if you slip.Super breakfast, the light food in the restaurant by the pool was excellent (fajitas yummy) but the main restaurant was just OK. We ate at the Amandari one night (free transfers between the two hotels) and for us it was head and shoulders ahead on food.Perfectish鈥? just lost by being slightly corporate, slightly without heart and slightly dark.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>topaccommodations
<Content>Far below expecations and a little run down I don't get all the positive reviews of this hotel. The rooms were not terribly large compared to others in this price range in Bali and frankly the rooms were a little run down. The service was inconsistent, bumbling, and at times simply bad. There is a lack of follow up and communication. The restaurant is horribly overpriced (even by Four Seasons' standards) the food fairly plain, and room service inadequate. The plus is that everyone is very nice and the staff do try even if they fail to please. The setting is gorgeous. Generally, did not meet my expectations for a hotel of this caliber and can't recommend. The Amankila was far, far superior.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>MikeW49
<Content>River Vallley Luxury       View from villa deck  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TK_NAK
<Content>Amazing hotel in the jungle Arriving at Four Seasons Sayan is breathtaking! What a view! We stayed in a duplex suite for 3 nights during our honeymoon, and reicived free champange at arrival. The suite and the hotel facilities are truly Four Seasons worthy. The pool is small, but never crovded as all the villas have a private pool. Excelent serivce, good food and a wonderful spa. However, it is very expencive! But it is worth it.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MaisieNewYork
<Content>Breathtaking Beauty in the Jungle The Four Seasons Sayan, Ubud is one of the most spectacular resorts I have ever visited. It is winning on every level--from the location and design to the facilities and service, this resort raised the bar for me in every way! The breathtaking design of the Four Seasons Sayan has been described previously in these reviews, so I won't go into too much detail on this front. Suffice to say, this resort is a marvel of design, and your room rate is actually a bargain when you grasp the scope of its exquisite grounds and magnificent facilities.I was coming from the Ritz Carlton in Jimbaran Bay, where I had a miserable experience, and the Four Seasons general manager made me a very attractive offer which I jumped at. Upon arrival, and reeling from the sublime beauty of the place, I was transported by buggy down a steep little to my villa. It had its own plunge pool, which I would gaze at wonderingly as I ate breakfast on the terrace in the morning. The airy bedroom was just perfect, with decorative muslin draped over it (no mosquitos in my villa, ever) and little carved knaves in the wall graced with wooden ganeches and carved stone statues. The bathroom was gorgeous and huge, with a soaking tub and shower, and the enormous, walk-in closet was bigger than my own closet in New York. Truly, it was hard to tear myself away from the resort to explore Ubud, as there was so much to take in on its grounds. Stunning terraced hills, the jungle rising up above the river gorge--I could sit outside of the main bar in the open air cocktail banquettes and stare at the sunlight filtering through the jungle for what seemed like forever. Time really stood still during those magical moments.The resort had a wonderful spa, and I received an absolutely blissful ayuravedic massage there, followed by an outdoor shower. I'd been running a low-grade fever for a few days and after the massage, I felt like myself again.The fitness center was excellent, with wall to wall views of the river and jungle, and I also used the library and the complimentary computers and internet access there.A few instances of the Four Seasons' perfect, intuitive service stand out in my mind: 1. each morning without fail, just as I was finishing breakfast, I would hear a knock on my door and two smiling Indonesian gentleman would be waiting to take my trays away. 2. I left the resort at 4:00AM for an early flight and a picnic basket of croissants and coffees was packed for me in a van, along with a pillow and blanket so I could sleep on the way to the airport. Inside the van, soothing classical music played on the stereo.There were a couple of negatives, but they were minor in the grand scheme of things. Dinner in the main restaurant was disappointing for a resort of this caliber. And the entire time I was there, the bar at the pool down by the river gorge was closed. Plus, the pool itself was never in use, so the parasols stayed battened down and the lounge chair cushions were stacked against the wall. The lack of a bar and the generally isolated feeling of the pool area just weren't inviting so I never used it, though I would have liked to. Again, this is a minor complaint, but one nonetheless worth sharing.PS. After I returned home, I received an email from the manager thanking me for staying at the Four Seasons Ubud. I can't recommend it highly enough, and hope to go back some day.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sam017
<Content>Loved it! We spent two nights at the Four Seasons Sayan and we absolutely loved it. The design is brilliant and the grounds are breath-taking. The villas are spacious and extremely private. The food was also wonderful. Lots of great activities to do (trekking, cycling etc.) The hotel also offers a shuttle service to Ubud, which is extremely convenient. We would definitely return!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>fabholslover
<Content>Oh my!!! We have just returned from our third trip to Bali - last year we spent our usual time at the coast but wanted to then spend a couple of days up in the Ubud area. I chose what I thought would be a 'nice' hotel but were very let down by the standard etc  felt our holiday had been compromised. This year we decided to leave nothing to chance  stay at the Four Seasons Sayan - all I can say is 'wow' what a hotel!People seem to be divided on this site as to whether they love or hate the design of this hotel - we were extremely impressed with the way the modern design blends so well with the natural environment - its absolutely beautiful. One thing that did surprise me is how small the overall property is - its easy to walk around (provided you can manage the steps as it is built on a hillside) so we never called for a buggy - just enjoyed the grounds.We stayed in a villa and it was very peaceful with lovely views across the rice fields and amazingly private. The villa itself was spacious and had every amenity you could want. My husband  I were travelling with our 13 year old daughter and there was plenty of room for an extra bed etc without feeling cramped. (She especially liked the plunge pool!)We had breakfast at the main restaurant, lunch at the pool and two evening meals in the restaurant. The views from the restaurant are incredible (as all the photos on this site show). Once again I notice that people are divided as to the standard of food - all I can say is that we found it to be superb and as to the price - well, folks in this life you get what you pay for! Everything was of the highest quality but what really did stand out for us was the service. We had a slight problem with one dessert order and they went above and beyond in dealing with it even to the extent of offering us a complementary dessert the following day. Everyone from the General Manager down greeted us with a smile and looked after our every comfort without being intrusive.We absolutely loved this hotel  would return in a heart beat.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AngelenoTraveler
<Content>Staggeringly BEAUTIFUL, just a bit "Too Much" for the Solo Traveler       Split Level Infinity Pool  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeattleEric
<Content>Four Seasons Sayan - Expectations: Blown Away       Walkway to main building from entrance  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SWTTRAVELS
<Content>So, so wonderful       entrance  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LikesALittleLuxury
<Content>Favourite place on earth This is the second time I have stayed at the Four Seasons Sayan and had to return to show the place to my mother. It is true that the hotel has aged ever so slightly but you could not get a better example of amazing architecture. It is just such an incredible space to be in and leaves you feeling very relaxed and at peace.As I had a baby with me, we were lucky enough to get one of the top floor suites- which are huge. The are on one level and the other suites are on two levels. I think there are only a few of them and they are worth requesting. On both occasions I felt so happy in the suites that I wouldn't bother paying the extra for a villa.Make sure you venture out for dinner as it is a pricey place to spend your money. If you get the included breakfast then you can probably survive until late afternoon (buy some snacks in town). Having said this, it is worth spending the money on the day spa and having a cocktail by the pool!As with most luxury hotels you tend to be quite seperated from the 'real culture' of the country you are in but at this price and with things this nice it is almost worth setting aside a few days to just stay put and enjoy! For what it is worth, it does have a very strong Balinese influence and atmosphere...just at the luxury end, not the REAL end.Do yourself a favour, save up and go. Even if it is just for a few days.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellyfromcanada
<Content>Paradise on Earth       Bed turned down  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Donnatodd4
<Content>Excellence The entrance to this hotel is like nothing you've ever experienced.Great stay, beautiful setting, hotel was gorgeous. We loved our stay, service was perfect, spa was lovely, room was fantastic. This property is not for the elderly, a lot of walking, steps, there is a buggy but the property is large and we walked a lot. Excellent location, kind of far from the airport but the setting is worth it. Very tranquil. Visit the monkeys, ride the elephants, visit the rice fields, shop in UBUD, great shopping. Would absolutely return to this hotel  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sayuna
<Content>Definitely worth visiting! I was looking for a special and unique hotel in Bali for a short getaway with my husband this Christmas, and after reading the great reviews here, decided to give Four Seasons Sayan a try. It was the right decision! The architecture of the hotel is incredible and it blends with the landscape perfectly. We enjoyed walking around the property and feeding the fish in the lotus pond. Meals at Ayung terrace were also enjoyable though the quality of the food was not that special for the prices charged. The main pool looks nice but it is too small. Service is certainly impeccable, and we were pleasantly surprised to receive complimentary upgrade from suite to the villa. Villa design is understated but very comfortable, even though some interiors are showing their age. Regardless, definitely would recommend anyone to try out this hotel for the experience and those with appreciation of beautiful hotel designs.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kezsin
<Content>An Oasis Getaway We arrived on a Saturday afternoon - almost over an hour's drive from the Airport @ Denpasar.The Property has a narrow entrance, identified by the Four Seasons Sign along a narrow road. Infact, all roads in Bali are narrow. Vehicles are thoroughly checked prior to entry - which was a definite plus point as we doubt whether we were in any mood for fireworks at this time of the year.Check-in was a breeze. When we sighted the property, it reminded us of our visits to the Datai Villa @ Langkawi - but the Four Seasons were of a class on its own and amidst a Bali-natural setting. We noticed that a lot of care and attention was invested to blend the resort into its lush environment of tropical green and padi fields. Remarkable.We were shown to our room - a Villa really - and was taken by the impressive architecture - an Englishman's creation. Lots of stairs (this wasn't going to score any brownie points), and a lot of water features (now, that will score a brownie point). The canals of water leading us to the Villa was a welcome sight - coupled with the gentle water flows. Relaxing effect it produced.The rooms were a sight to hold. Coming into the open area on top, and walking down the stairs to the bedroom below. Every detail was carefully thought out.The overall experience was exceptional. The staff (we understand was the best of the best) certainly made every effort to make your stay hospitable. There was even a hand-written note from the Manager welcoming us to the Resort. It is also as if every staff was trained to know your name and to address you by your name.We had a complain about the air-conditioner that wasn't working in our Villa, and was straightaway upgraded to a private Chalet with a private pool. We were fascinated with the promptness in attending to any complains. I must also point out that we forgot our Baby's shampoo, and the hotel staff made sure we had all the Babies' supplies (and cot) before we occupied the room. I don't know of many hotels that provide Mamipoko nappies - and it sure was impressive (not that we used any as the size was a little small).There was also a request to check the water-heater as I felt it wasn't working as it should. The request was promptly carried out by the hotel staff - discreetly - and upon completion of the investigation, we were delivered a cocktail of fine chocolates with a personal note of apology. Courtesy seems generously abundant in this Resort that one is ready to overlook any short-comings encountered.The private Chalets (they cost more), was again, a class of its own. Entrance was via a staircase (a spiral-cork screw passage made of crafted stone), that descended below the padi fields facing out into the lush greens beyond.The private pool was so private. That leaves much to the imagination .... to be one with nature.But we missed the Villas, so we requested a transfer back to the Villas the day after. We found the Villas to be more accomodating as it was attached to the main lobby and restaurant. Besides, there was no need to keep waiting for the buggy to take us from the Chalet.One note on the Restaurant : the waiters are friendly and will offer you beverages as if it was all complimentary. But the truth is you'd be charged for every juice poured into your drink whether its refill or a second glass of something else, and coffee/tea don't come free - even if you don't drink it at all. But when you stay at this Resort, its best you forget money has any more value. Its the service you want, and it will be the service you get.We had a superb stay at the Four Seasons, and it was our Baby's first long-distance get-away.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lafffer
<Content>Service Excellence Having stayed in many other luxury (5+ star) resorts around the world including Vanuatu, Tahiti, Hawaii, Australia (Noosa, Hayman Island, etc), I have to rate this on par with some of the world's best in terms of service.The negatives exhibited by some others here are all easily addressed if you speak to someone. For example, if you don't like your villa, ask to be moved and your issues will be resolved if there is availability. We made sure that our special requirements were communicated ahead of time and checked that the communication got through despite our travel agents confirming them. Moral of the story is - if its special, you make sure the job is done right.The Good: Service (exemplary) - they remember your name even if you call them several days after you have checked out!!!, architecture/scenery (lush green like you are in a forest), remoteness (doesn't get quieter/more remote than this in a luxury resort in Bali), in-room cleanliness (no dust even on the mosquito nets!!! and no geckos got into our room - that is an achievement in itself if you know Bali), room facilities (love the large bathroom), hotel facilities including bar and restaurant - the food is some of the best in Bali which you can experience in a hotel/resort.The Bad: Buggy wait times can vary depending on how busy they are, Spa experience isn't the best but still acceptable, restaurant service can fluctuate (they took away our forks when there was still a plate of danish pastry sitting there expecting us to eat with our fingers I guess).Overall, the bad wasn't enough for us to say we won't be returning to this place. In fact, we plan to come back here whenever Ubud is on our travel agenda.Our other destination resort was the Bulgari. Service there is no match for the Four Seasons Sayan. Period.I would recommend that if you are coming to Bali, you make the Four Seasons Sayan your first stop. This is because its about an hour/hour and a half from the airport and its better if you go there then come back to a resort/hotel nearer the city/airport when you are close to your return trip.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aman23
<Content>beautiful , just lovely!!!       view from our villa  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Grubber22
<Content>Nice The bottom line with this Hotel is that it is perfect in terms of service and design. We spent four days here for our honeymoon after four days at the Oberoi in Seminyak. We were upgraded to a river villa close to the main hotel. It was a beautiful room with a plunge pool looking over the gorge. The hotel hits all of those Four Seasons requirements for service and style. We loved the Yoga, guided bike ride and the guided trek through the local area. The town of Ubud is full of fun things to do and food to eat. The only complaint i really have is the food. Bali has wonderful food but the Four Seasons really dumbs things down to make the world traveller comfortable about being away from home. I found the restaurants to be souless if that makes sense. We left every night to eat in Ubud after our first dinner at the hotel. That would be my only complaint. The setting is spectacular and the people nice. It was very very quiet however. For the price I would probably not return however. The Oberoi (see my review) in Seminyak is literally 1/3 of the cost yet is very comparable. No regrets, but I would probably do something different if I was to return to Ubud (maybe the Maya or the Como Shambala resort).  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Just-Married21907
<Content>A really Amazing Hotel... When we arrived in Bali is was quite late in the evening and therefore the drive from the airport to FS Sayan is quite daunting as the small villages you pass through are dimly lit and you don't quite know what to expect. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted with a welcome drink and flowers (it was our honeymoon) and the staff were so friendly and really could not do enough for you. Our suite was beautiful, it was on 2 floors and was huge. As it was night time when we checked in we really did not appreciate how beautiful our surroundings were until the morning - it is absolutely amazing! You really feel as though you are in the middle of the rain-forest! The 2nd night we stayed we tried the in-room romantic meal- WOW! The food was fantastic and the in-room waiter we had was so attentive but not over the top! After a few days we moved down to the FS Jimbaran Bay and the transfer by the FS private car was really good to. The driver on the way down stopped at the rice fields for us and then again at a small temple. The FS Sayan staff really are a credit to the hotel and they helped make the first few days of our honeymoon excellent. PS. I was a bit concerned that I was going to get eaten alive by Mosquitoes at this hotel due to its location - however, they gave you spray to put on and constantly light mosquito coils in your room - and we never got bitten once! PPS. the frogs are really noisy at night time! :)  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Asliko
<Content>Perfect! We stayed at Sayan only for one night during our honeymoon. I really wanted to see the place and people at Jimbaran were kind enough to arrange us a deluxe villa for a night. Having stayed for such a short period of time, I am not able to make an extensive comment on all aspects of the hotel. However, the architecture and natural setting makes it alone worthwhile to pay a visit. It is jaw dropping from the moment you enter really. The buildings are so beautifully integrated with the nature, you cannot even see any of the rooms from outside. Our villa was right by the river. (Occasional rafters are only a minor nuissance). When you sit outside, the tropical forest across the river is literally sky high over your head. It is as close as I ever got to peace and serenity.. We went to the Monkey forest which was nice and the nearby town of Ubud is worth a visit but one word of caution: stay away from the market place, it is really not worth it to spend time bargaining over some touristy crap they sell there. If you want to buy something there are very nice stores on the main street.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>strickles
<Content>Not as wonderful as Amandari If we had come from the airport right to this hotel at the start of our Bali trip, I would be writing a much different review. However, after six days at Amankila on the coast, we had a more conservative view of Bali luxury, and this property was sort of too tricked out for us. In addition, we failed to see why the Four Seasons (which we have frequented at many locations in Europe over the years) would ask us if we had any special events that formed a basis for our visit when we made the reservation, and would then ignore it. We told the hotel it was a significant birthday for my wife, and our 20th anniversary that led to our trip. On arrival, we were shown to a pretty basic suite, that wasn't in a great location, and our apparent acknowledgement of our special circumstances were some rose petals sprinkled in a bathtub. We asked to see a nicer suite, and we were shown to a wonderful riverview room, but they insisted on a higher payment for it, despite our long history with the company and our reservation information. The same thing happened at the Four Seasons Singapore, at the end of our trip-they didn't even acknowledge our circumstances, let alone that we were dedicated prior customers of the chain.In any event, after dinner at Amandari, that property offered us an upgrade to a pool suite at less cost than the Four Seasons room, and at a much nicer property. Rather than a tricked-out somewhat artificial farm experience at Four Seasons, we had a real village farm right outside our suite, with trails and walks down to the river, and the highest level of personal attention one could ever ask for. We went from a hundred or more rooms on the property to one of just 20 to 30. So we left after one night at Sayan, and spent our next six days, and all of our dough, at Amandari. You can check out our reviews of Amandari and Amankila elsewhere on Trip Advisor. We didn't regret our move for one second. We have a full photo blog link of our time on Bali on the Amankila posting.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>jpnyc
<Content>Beauty and tranquility       villa living space  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coops822
<Content>Needs some polish, just not the best We stayed 3 nights here to celebrate our 25th annversary, coming from Kayumanis Jimbaran Bay. Positives:The setting is beautiful, especially the entrance over the bridge, and the common areas are nice as well. We were upgraded to a villa because the manager of our 1st hotel called ahead (he had worked there as a manager). The food was excellent and it is a luxury to have breakfast in your viila . The service in both restaurants was prompt and pleasant however, many children. THe hotel is really to far away to pop out to a local restaurant without paying for a taxi.Negatives: I was disappointed at the value given the price of our room. The furnishings needed some upgrading, there were frequent interruptions by staff and this was our 2nd honeymoon. Requests for an extra mosquito burner and blanket were met with: You already have one, not at all what I expected from a hotel of this caliber. Sometimes waiting a long time for a buggy to be tranported throughout the hotel grounds. Overall staff were nice but not at all what I've grown used to traveling all over the world. I think my biggest disappointment was that I had specifically asked for a private room, being on our 2nd honeymoon, however, we were in villa 2, the second villla from the lobby. The road ran along the side and behind our villa, giving anyone access to see into our outdoor shower, We also had no privacy in our plunge pool, sunbathing or being outside on the patio. I felt like we really wasted our money!! I was very disappointed in this hotel and would not recommend it When we come back to Bali, we will stay at Kayumanis instead, read my review on Kayumanis for further info.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Tadzio76
<Content>Great architecture, spectacular location.       Me in the lobby  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>viajecitosmil
<Content>2 nights in paradise There is no words to describe such an experience... I read hundreds of reviews and saw many pictures of the resort but I was really impressed at our arrival and also during the entire staying. I just regreted not to have planned more days at the resort (we stayed 6 nights at InterContinental at Jimbaran (Jimbaran Suite), 2 nights before Ubud and 4 nights afterwards).The welcome was more than warm, all the staff greets you by your name not only at the reception but also at the main door. Check in is just smooth, warm and friendly. The main building is amazing, the architecture fascinating, fully integrated in the jungle landscape. The bar is the most peaceful we could imagine. You can sit in secluded places where all you see is the jungle as you enjoy marvellous fruit juices or whatever. The entire resort is wonderful, with all the villas, paths, gardens... Just walk down to the river and you will find again this perfect harmony between the resort and nature. The main swimming pool by the river is just great. We stayed in one of the one-bedroom-villa, secluded high in the hill as we had requested when we made the reservation. We couldn't see anyone and noone could see us. It is like being completely alone in the jungle, in the most peaceful nature. The plunge pool is big enough to really enjoy it, and again as we had requested, it was hanging with an impressive view of the jungle and only the jungle. Everything was perfect inside and outside. The bathroom is amazing and the bath was ready with flowers at arrival. You don't need to go out at all and if you do you will find the rest of the fantastic resort. It doesn't matter where you are looking at, it is always the nicest place I have ever seen. The service is really unbelieveable: so warm, kind, friendly, proffessional. All staff is so, always with a smile in their faces, greeting you by your name and really worried for your well-being. We had one of the most memorable experiences at the bar with the waiter, but all staff were always willing to help you.At arrival we were also provided with a full suggested program with different activities for our staying. Actually we just enjoyed the villa and all the intimacy and privacy we had there. We explored the resort and even used the main pool but we spend almost all our time at the villa. The spa is wonderful. We had the Lulur Sayan treatment at the villa spa and we fully recommend it. Again you have a very good product with the best service. Regarding food I have to say that I didn't find it too expansive at all. Taking into account that you are staying at a luxury 5star hotel I would say they have a good price. We ordered breakfast and casual meals at our villa and we received a very good service and really good food. I recommend the romantic dinner, which is really romantic. The menu is very good and the preparations they make are wonderful. We enjoyed our spa treatment just before dinner and when we arrived at the villa the terrace was so beautiful ... I will not tell more details about it cause I think you will enjoy to find it as a surprise if you order it. All in all I can say this was the best hotel I have ever seen and we will stay there again when we will come back to Bali, hopefully in the near future. And next time I will stay more days there.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asatkowiak
<Content>Simply Bombastic! Four Seasons Resort - Sayan, BaliFirst Impression/Lobby - The Four Seasons Hotel and Resort Sayan in Bali is the epitome of warmth, beauty and style, all at it's best. Walking the long bridge from the drop-off center to reception, looking at the jungle all around you transports you to a different place, physically, mentally and spiritually. Gone are the crowds and the hassles of normal day life, here is the peace and serenity that makes a place so special. I've described many places as having a warm welcome but Four Season Sayan takes it to a whole new level. From every person we saw it was a beautiful, truly heartfelt welcome. Of all the places I visited in the world, Four Seasons Sayan knows the art of making a person feel welcome. It simply and easily just comes from their heart.Villa - The Sayan Villa, of which there are only two, was to be my home for the next few days. The ultimate in luxury, the Sayan Villa was tucked away at the edge of the property offering total seclusion and privacy. The large bedroom, with its huge glass doors that opened to the extra large deck and pool below, was decorated with an understated elegance. A large bathroom with twin sinks, giant-sized soaking tub, indoor and outdoor showers and over-sized storage/dressing room, just added to the comfort of the villa.The pool, located just below the massive deck, could not accurately be called a plunge pool. If this was a plunge pool then any plunge pool I have seen before should be called a foot basin. On top of that, the view from it was spectacular. On the lower deck were the lounge chairs for sunning and a grass covered daybed; just the right place to escape the mid-day sun. My own slice of heaven here on earth.The outdoor living area was expansive. Two tables for dining, one small round four-seater and one larger, rectangle six-seater. The covered open air living housed the six seater as well as a couch perfect for sipping champaign and listening to the nature all around you.Restaurant - Since the Sayan Villa was our own slice of heaven, we did not have much incentive to venture out to the restaurant. But, in the name of research, we booked a table at the resort's restaurant, Ayung Terrace Restaurant, for the Taste of Asia tasting menu dinner. (click here to see the menu) Not surprisingly, the dinner, the wine, the evening were all exceptional.Room Service - In a word, bombastic. From our traditional American breakfast and casual late lunch, to our from the menu dinner and special, custom, four-course, romantic, candle-lit dinner; each and every one was better than the last.Overall Impression - Four Seasons Resort Sayan is a must when you are in Bali. The people alone make it worth the stay. Beauty and peace envelope you from the moment you arrive and surround you until you leave. Even after you hare gone just closing your eyes and thinking about it brings the feeling back. I have more info on other resorts as well as pictures on my site bombastic life - just do a google search for bombastic life to find it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babygenius
<Content>Beautiful location  We had a truly wonderful stay at the Four Seasons Sayan. Though I love luxury life, I do not like worldwide chain resorts, so this is my first Four Seasons experience (which already ensures me that I will def. check other 4 Seasons next time !!)The location is perfect, it really gives you the wow factor once you entered the resort from the not-so-special winding roads. The resort seems to exist in another world with the peaceful lotus pond in the jungle. We find the architecture fascinating with all the rooms/villas down below the lotus pond.We were very lucky and got a generous offer for an upgrade to a two bedroom villa. The view is just breathtaking with the jungle around us and the ayung river right at our sight. (A staff told me that our villa got the best view!)Our villa is very spacious. Amenities and toiletries basically got everything you need. Rooms are clean and well appointed, I found our beds pretty comfy too. Our indoor pool is beautiful and allowed us to enjoy the view. Oh, and there's also an outdoor shower which is pretty fun.We were pretty satisfied with the service as well. Everyone was really friendly to us, and I didn't find them pretentious at all. We were greeted by staff members with smiles all the time, and they are also professional enough not to intrude us in any way.Spa is great (though pricey), do ask for treatments in spa villa though, the amenities and seclusion is a lot better than the main villa.Some minor comments would be on food. The food is good, but they are really pricey. We liked the food but we just don't think it's worth that price (especially in Ubud). Like other members suggested, I also highly recommend Mozaic restaurant. The food is much better and the price is less.I also wished that the hotel concierge did offer recommendation on activities upon our arrival.Overall, it was a really great experience staying at four seasons sayan, if I ever go back to Bali, I would definitely stay there again. I know a lot of people are deciding between Four Seasons  Amankila, I also stayed at Amankila, check my review on Amankila if interested  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>G8RED
<Content>Once in a lifetime experience..... My wife and I had the opportunity to go to Bali. From travel books we knew we wanted to stay in Ubud and after a day with a taxi driver/guide we decided to have him drop us off at the 4 Seasons Ubud to see if we could get a deal (knowing the fact there is a tourist slump over in Indonesia). Lets just say we got a great deal. The facility is so unusual and is so pretty. The staff was unbelievable - Every staff member we came into contact with was nice and professional and they were natural. The room was to die for. If you are ever in Bali you must spend at least one night (we spent two) away from Nusa Dua and/or the beaches and go up to see the volcano and then over to Ubud (not that the beach hotels and beaches aren't perfect too but just a change of pace thing).  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lindsay56
<Content>hard to beat We stayed three nights in a river villa then five nights at FS Jimbaran.We would go back to the Sayan resort but only for three nights as my wife and I found the Beds uncomfortable.By comparison our renovated villa at Jimbaran had a new pillowtop mattress and it was superb.For us the standard hotel mattress on a slat bed doesnt work and the slat bed crackled loudly when I turned in the night ,which is a lot when you are uncomfortable.But I do notice no other reviewers have complained about the beds.Enough whingeing this is a superb resort ,beautiful architecture ,stunning setting on the banks of the river and exceptional service, I see another reveiwer complained about the coldness of the service ,we certainly never found that ,they laughed and joked with us and as per usual they were beautiful Balinese people.There are insects here and I actually got bitten by a few sandflys which I aggravated by scratching and further aggravated by having a seaweed wrap but my wife never got a bite We never actually mustered up the energy to catch the shuttle into Ubud or to even walk outside the gate to look at the shops as we were here to relax and we ended up so relaxed we just read by the river or had massages.The food was to a very high standard as you would expect and when we sent our compliments to the chef he came out and offered to make anything we wanted.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>akboxak
<Content>$ecluded Relaxation But... My wife and I concluded our two week vacation in Bali with a stay at the FS Sayan. We also stayed at two other excellent properties while there, the Ritz Bali and the Royal Pita Maha (see my reviews).My wife and I had a great time at the FS Sayan but we both agreed we would not return the next time we are in Bali. We have traveled to many places staying in luxury accomodations. The FS Sayan was better than some and not as good as others. Don't get me wrong this is a great resort. We just did not feel it was really worth the premium price.The question on my mind was: Is the FS Sayan the best in the world as touted by Conde Nast? That was the yardstick I used to measure the place when we arrived. Did it live up to the hype? Unfortunately, no. Read on for my thoughts in detail.Pros:1. Beautifully decorated suites and villas. We stayed in both. Both the villas and suites were spacious. We stayed in a duplex suite and nice pool villa. Housekeeping was excellent. 2. Beautifully manicured grounds with eye pleasing architecture. Although the resort is relatively small, everything is nicely spaced out. There are less than 100 rooms I think. The spa is small but lovely.3. Tasty food and room service. Expensive by local standards. The breakfast at the Terrace was one of my favorite meals while in Bali.Cons:1. Only one tiny pool. I really like to swim while on vacation. The pool at FS Sayan is tiny and the poolside service was lackluster.2. Honestly, the service was cold and detached. Kind of bizzare after all the warm service we received all throughout Bali and stranger still in relation to FS standards. 3. Weak shuttle service. Very few shuttle times. No shuttles after 5pm. The hotel basically wants you to dine in for dinner. In contrast, the Royal Pita Maha would take you anywhere in Ubud at almost any time.4.Expensive food. I know this is to be expected at the FS. Its just that great, great food can be found all over Bali and a fraction of the price.Ultimately I would choose the Royal Pita Maha over the FS Sayan. Sure the FS is more refined, but yhey just treated us much better at the RPM and half the cost. Overall Bali was grand! Hope to return soon.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Jwpositano
<Content>Good but not Great Experience My husband and I have stayed in various resorts in Bali. When we came to FS Sayan, we found the location and the architecture very impressive. But, our villa looked tired inside. And, there were spider webs hanging down from the ceiling in our bathroom and sitting area. Our outdoor lounge chairs were so dirty that we did not want to use them. The in-room internet service did not work. We asked for assistance but still could not fix it.As for food, the resort had a big Asian selection while the Western choices were fairly limited and eclectic. But, burgers, sandwiches and pizzas were available. In terms of taste, I preferred their Asian to Western food, but nothing really fine dining experience.Service-wise, it was at times a bit pretensious, but generally as good as other 5-star resorts in Bali though not really exceptional as raved by some of the reviewers. One thing I found it a bit strange was that when we were at the resort, both male and female staff very often greeted my husband by name in the most friendly way but ignored me being standing next to him! This sort of basic manner needs to be improved. A simple greeting Madam (even not certain the guest is a spouse or just a friend) will definitely make a difference.All in all, I would consider FS Sayan one of the nice luxurious resorts in Bali, but do not justify to be rated as the best in Bali by some travel magazines. I personally think Amankila is even better.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>second row
<Content>It's all true! This hotel has some of the best reviews on TA and its all true!The location,architecture ,villas and service exceed expectation and I would only be repeating what others have covered.Only a couple of minor reservations.The four seasons has an understandable strategy of maximising spend within the location (sometimes a bit OTT)and the food is good, but if you are staying for any length of time you may get bored with the the lack of dining choice in the evening(to say nothing of the severe damage to the pocket!).Some reviewers have mentioned a nearby restaurant called Mozaic.I wouldn't bother.Its all that is bad in contemporary cuisine and does not relate to Bali in anyway. Unlikely combinations(sorry but corriander and chocolate is foul) and too many courses on a fixed menu.The Spa(in the main building) was technically superb but the location lacked the finesse of other far east hotels.Ubud village once famed for its artists and tranquility has become a bit of a pit.Whilst Bali has always had its share of street hustlers,transport purveyors ,aspiring tour guides etc it was a shock to see beggars on the street.(More like London!!).The countryside around Ubud is stunning and none more so than the view from our villa at the Four Seasons.This resort fully deserves its reputation.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Degas
<Content>Clean lines and quality Just back from a stay at the Four Seasons at Sayan in Bali and very favourably impressed. They have managed to blend traditional Balinese artwork and nature with modern clean lines in a successful way. We stayed in one bedroom pool villa with plunge pool (although at approx 12 x 7 ft, one could do considerably more than plunge in it!) and I was amazed at both its size and the level of privacy it offered. The outside a spaces and pool were not overlooked by anyone except the occasional passing white water rafters for a couple of minutes each day (who to be honest were more concerned with negotiating the rapids some thirty feet below and staying in their boats than looking at us sunbathing above them!). The d茅cor and quality of finish of the villa were first rate and the service, in a country where it鈥檚 always pretty good, excellent. Unlike other reviewers we ventured out from the hotel in the evening with no problems 鈥?they are happy to supply air- conditioned limos 鈥?or you can use more reasonably priced but less luxurious local equivalents. Quick recommendation here for the Mozaic restaurant only 10 mins away but of a truly outstanding level 鈥?prices are more inline with the west than Bali 鈥?but worth every penny. We ate in the hotel several times and found food and service good 鈥?Breakfast is al la carte rather than buffet 鈥?which I prefer in this climate with 鈥榦pen-air鈥?restaurants - having seen rather too many insects also having a good time at buffets at other hotels.Used the spa as well, and while it was OK with professional and enjoyable treatments鈥?when the treatment is in one of the 鈥榮tandard treatment rooms鈥?they have no natural light or windows and one could be anywhere. Infinitely preferable are the semi-open air pavilions at the otherwise less luxurious Bali Hyatt 鈥?or the more locally themed spa suites and rooms at Four Seasons in Chiang Mai.While, it did not cause us any problems, I was surprised at the fact that there are no lifts in the main building and the lack of hand rails on many of the public stone steps around the facility. That and the lack of guard rails on some of the sheer drops to the river below would make me think twice about bringing young ones or anyone with a slight level of impaired mobility to this otherwise glorious hotel.These are minor gripes 鈥?its not a cheap hotel but if you want a private and laid back holiday, in my opinion it delivers - you get what you pay for and come away relaxed and refreshed 鈥?I would go back tomorrow.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenskar
<Content>A Little Frog and Gecko Music, Please !!       Bar overlooking the valley  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>Great hotel but not great value Stayed in a suite at the Four Seasons Sayan earlier this month. Had booked their Sayan Spa Package at USD 510 a night directly on the Four Seasons website. For me, staying at this place was the dream of a lifetime, so I must admit right off the bat that my expectations were high.The welcome was nice, although I would say that the hostess perhaps tried a little too hard - she asked personal questions and told us a lot about herself (more than we needed to know actually), which is really not appropriate in a property of this caliber.The single biggest asset of this property is its setting: absolutely breathtaking! You feel as if you are deep within a lush gorge, the river sings softly to you, and your eyes are overwhelmed (in a good way) by all the shades of green. Out of this world!Even though this resort is only a bit more than 10 years old, its age is beginning to show a bit: when you look at things closer, it becomes clear that details are perhaps not getting all the attention they deserve, e.g. wood shutters that don't remain closed at night and a toilet that we had to get fixed twice (they use a push button system on the wall for flushing that sometimes needs to be 'reset').Among the other good things, I could mention the generally attentive staff, the gym and the excellent (and complimentary) wired Internet connection you get in your room (re. the latter, I say 'excellent' as compared to other Balinese hotels promising a 'broadband Internet connection').Among the not so good points: this is the most I've ever paid for a hotel room in my entire life, and I sure expected more exclusivity. I don't know whether it was just a fluke, but I found the pool area to be crowded for a hotel of this caliber - all 3 stories were busy on all 3 days. The pool at the Uma Ubud was bigger and much quieter.Worse still, there were at least 2 or 3 kids with their parents (I mean 2-8 year-olds) while we were there, and one of them even used a large inflatable device in the pool. You don't expect to pay $500+ per night and have to share the pool with a couple of screaming kids and their toy dolphin!That was really unfortunate, you see, because the pool area is lovely and the service there is awesome: they bring you cold towels and cold water, and even pass around fresh fruit in the afternoon.The food is generally good, and so is the service. I say generally because it was not totally consistent during our stay. The food and drinks are extremely pricey, even by North American standards, so you are definitely justified in expecting the utmost quality in every detail. By the way, if you like a filling breakfast in the morning, get a package that includes breakfast because it is 脌 la carte only and can easily cost you over USD 100 for 2 people to have a decent meal in the morning.All in all, an interesting experience that I unfortunately will not repeat unless their prices come down or their standards go up.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	1	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>dasheight
<Content>Sublime Serenity, Saya style       lobby  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>don_v_corleone
<Content>Not that good Hotel is very good but it didn't live up to our expectations. Hotel architecture although luxurious has no sense of harmony. On good side, villas are very spacious and everything seems very well mantained. Service is good although not excellent.Bali itself was a bit dissapointing. It feels to big and has no sense of intimacy.Overall, very good hotel, but not excellent. Not worth the cost.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>agjeaton
<Content>Total excellence       The lotus pond  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>twilight.magician
<Content>Paradise Regained First of all I must admit that I didn鈥檛 want to stay at the Four Seasons in Sayan. Why? 鈥楥ause its expensive, and being Scottish I like to get a bargain. However, my wife was determined to stay at one of the Bali Four Seasons during our honeymoon, so after shopping a round a little for a good price I booked us in for the last couple of nights of our trip. So let me say this now, in hindsight 鈥?its expensive, yes, but worth every penny. The location, was, for us, perfect. Located in a river valley, surrounded by trees鈥?just gorgeous. The hotel itself is famous for its architecture, and while I鈥檓 not much of a fan of modern architecture, I must admit I was very impressed by the Four Seasons in Sayan. I just loved the way that you arrive on the roof (nothing more than a lotus pond and a couple of benches overlooking the valley) and then descend into the hotel. We stayed in a suite room rather than a villa, which I think was a good decision. The suite was large and fabulously appointed. We had a nice suite at the Intercontinental Jimbaran Bay before coming here, but it had nothing on this place. I could have spent our whole stay here just lounging around our rooms. I鈥檓 sure the villas are very nice, but wouldn鈥檛 consider the extra expense unless I had kids and needed the space. Only one problem with the room 鈥?bugs! There鈥檚 a double set of sliding doors from the living room to a balcony (there鈥檚 also a bedroom balcony, too) and both doors close at the corner. Unfortunately the outer set of doors don鈥檛 close completely, so that sometimes you open the inner doors to discover some wee beasties who have snuck in. Not a serious problem, but as the hotel is in a jungle, they might have made sure that the doors actually keep the wildlife outside your room鈥? As for the hotel facilities, we didn鈥檛 have time to use the spa/gym, but they both looked very good. My wife and I both loved the twin level pool than follows the contours of the river and spent a very pleasant morning just lazing around beside it writing postcards and occasionally taking a dip. As you can expect, the food at the hotel was very expensive but also very good. We had one dinner at the Terrace Restaurant and my steak and wife鈥檚 gnocchi were both absolutely incredible. The smaller, more informal restaurant next to the pool was also good as well as slightly better value for money. Of course, there are cheaper alternatives in town.This brings me on to another problem 鈥?the hotels rather infrequent shuttle surface. Ubud is a great place to wander around 鈥?full of shops, cafes, museums and art galleries, yet the hotel only runs a free service every two hours from 9 to 5. It鈥檚 not a problem getting back after this time (plenty of people offering 鈥淭ransport! Transport!鈥? but I think the hotel should at least extend their service. Apart from this service at the hotel was top-notch. The staff were professional, yet friendly, and were attentive without making us uncomfortable, unlike in some of the other places we visited. On the last day I wanted to do some sightseeing, and the concierge was very knowledgeable about times/distances/places which was very helpful.  The Four Seasons Sayan has the reputation of being one of the best hotels in the world. Deserved? Absolutely. If I ever come back to Bali, this will be the place I鈥檒l be staying.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Julesee
<Content>Lovely! Another great Four Seasons hotel! We stayed at the Chang Mai resort for our honeymoon earlier this year, and while we preferred that particular hotel, that's not to say the Sayan resort isnt fantastic. We found the architecture at Sayan a bit bold and blocky, while the grounds at Chang Mai are more beautiful and spectacular. Nevertheless, we loved Sayan. The service is fantastic and understated, the rooms (we stayed in a suite) do the job very nicely, and the food is pretty good. As for restaurants, we tried most of the recommended names. We didnt like Mozaic particularly - we thought the dishes did not work that well and the atmosphere was rather serious/formal. Our favourite meal was at the Amandari (just down the road from the Four Seasons), while Casa Luna was a nice spot in central Ubud. The Lotus Garden was the worst - nice view of the dances at the Palace but poor food. Kafe Batan Waru was pretty good.We did a lot of shopping for antiques and handicrafts. Generally, we found the shops outside the four seasons to be the best (for some reason much better than those in Ubud). It is true however that if you shop around you can probably find the same products a little cheaper elsewhere, but at the end of the day it's up to you whether you want to put in the extra effort. If you're staying in the one of the beach resorts in South Bali it's well worth checking some of the antique and handicraft shops in Seminyak, Kerobokan and near Jimbaran bay. Particularly worth checking out is Cempaka near the Bali Galleria near Jimbaran, plus a lot of the wholesale outlets on the same road. Cempaka is not cheap, but their mix of main comtempary crafts, furniture and ceramics were the most interesting we saw while there.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BettyCad
<Content>Out of this world We stayed here in August for a few days during our honeymoon. I am an extremely fussy traveller and we were hugely impressed with almost everything. The resort is out of this world - really relaxing with beautiful scenery, I couldn鈥檛 stop looking around at it all! We stayed in a suite rather than a villa and it was fantastic - very modern and minimalist with dark wooden flooring. It was huge - the sitting room had sliding doors onto a large balcony with a double sunbed and table and chairs and the bedroom had another balcony with sunbeds and a fabulous view. The bathroom was also spacious with a good sized dressing room. We found the staff to be very efficient and friendly throughout our stay. The restaurant and bar were well situated but we didn鈥檛 frequent them as both were always empty, rather we went into Ubud where we found lots of good cheap restaurants and bars with a bit more atmosphere. The resort is 15/20 mins outside of Ubud and although there is a complimentary minibus service a few times a day, it finishes around 5pm which is quite restrictive. After this time you have to wait for a taxi. The spa treatments we had were good and we went cycling around the local villages and paddy fields which was great.We did hear the rafters every morning when we were having breakfast and wondered whether it would have bothered us if we'd been in a villa but up in the main building where our room was it was no problem at all. Overall, this is a great place and a nice change from the coast. We stayed there for 3 nights and that was just enough.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ukukuk
<Content>bugs Great hotel 3 nights in villa '3' huge room and out door living area and plung pool.everything was fantastic about this holtel just one warning if you dont like bugs. at night the place moves with frogs and all sort of tropical life!! I hate bugs and so this really freaked me out, but i delt with it after all bugs were there first and it is in a jungle next to a river. We made good use of the bug spray they provide in room  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jlh9s
<Content>Beautiful architecture, great shopping and location       Villas with views of the river  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ip1275
<Content>Perfect Vacation at FS Sayan  My husband and I stayed at the FS Sayan for 3 nights and then FS Jimbaran for 4 nights for our honeymoon back in late November 2005. We loved both resorts and enjoyed our stay immensely. We felt blessed that we had reaffirmed our decision to visit Bali after the second bombing in October 2005.First and foremost, the Balinese people are so wonderful. They are such peaceful, happy, and hospitable people and they did not understand why they became a terrorist target. They were overjoyed to see any tourists, and urged us to come home and spread the word on how great Bali is. And so this is exactly what I am doing.Four Seasons Sayan is an architectural wonder. It is beautifully integrated with nature. Both exterior and interior design (in modern Asian, minimalist style) are stunningly elegant and yet simple and refreshing. We were so impressed that we bought the painting from the men's bathroom at Sayan's terrace restaurant to take home with us! It is a beautiful video painting by Italian artist Filippo Sciascia, the resident artist and curator of a modern gallery near the FS Sayan.The service at Sayan is attentive, the spa top notch, the food very good (and not too heavy), and the villas spacious and private. We felt safe both inside and outside the resort.On a separate note, you must visit the Mozaic restaurant when you are in Ubud. It is a gastronomic treat.Four Seasons Jimbaran is an older resort and the architecture and design are more traditional Indonesian style. The oceanview is just unbeatable. The regular villas are smaller than FS Sayan's, but are still very comfortable. FS Sayan is definitely a nicer resort in terms of the property itself but Jimbaran makes up for it with the oceanfront setting. The food at Jimbaran is good too but when we were there the cheaper, more casual restaurant was closed for renovation. We thought the food is very good quality and though it is much more expensive than the rest of Bali, it is not outrageous. However, we did think the drink prices were outrageous. They were New York prices, at $12.50 a drink. I just wish most of that revenue goes to the Balinese people but I know that is not the case at an international 5-star hotel chain... oh well.On another note, you must also visit Bumbu Bali (the real one in Nusa Dua, not the fake one in Ubud) which offers the best (and cheap) Indonesian food. We took their full day cooking class which was fun as well.Overall, we would recommend visiting both FS resorts. If you don't like the ocean (which is impossible) then just stay at Sayan. If you are adventurous and curious and love the mix of modern and traditional style, visit both resorts like we did. You won't regret it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gmnewyork
<Content>I get it now-- Why T Best hotel i have ever stayed. service is perfect (while you can get close at other four seasons resorts in the americas, it just does not compare to baliense hospitality! Definitely go for the river front villa, the steadfast soothing sound of the river is a big bonus... i read other poeple complaining of screaming people comin down the river rafting boat, absolutley stupid complaint, you can hear them a few times a day, but total non-issue. four seasons have built a super five star hotel in the middle of the Bali jungle, and done it perfectly!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon retreat Myself and new wife stayed here for 4 nights at the end of July and had a fabulous time. We were picked up from the airport in their hotel car, cold towels and iced water - a good start after a long flight.The valley is stunning, the villas oppulent, and the staff first rate. Dining was a pleasure, and the chef would gladly adapt his menu if you have any intolerances (nuts in my case!).Recommended:*Booking a local taxi (for half a day or longer as well as short trips)*Going on a hotel led trek around the grounds (we were filmed by the Fourseasons making a promo video - can't promise you'll have the same weird experience!)*Getting your breakfast delivered to your river-side villa in the morning - simply unforgettable.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top hotel in the world? We stayed in a two bedroom villa by the river. What can I say? This resort has it all! from the great staff to the gourgeus hotel everything was perfect. I know they dont recomend you bring children with you to this hotel, But we brohgt our two young daughters and another couple we were with brought 3 small children, it was fine. I would rate this hotel as one of the worlds finest  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hanalei
<Content>spacious, well-appointed rooms I was very impressed with the Four Seasons Sayan when my husband and I stayed there for 5 nights this summer. We also stayed at the Amankila and the Amanjiwo which were superb hotels, but our suite at the Four Seasons was half the price and the service achieved the same standard of excellence. I am glad that we did not pay for an upgraded room because our centrally-located suite was spacious, beautifully decorated, had wonderful views, and was made with materials far superior to the suites we had at the Aman resorts. Service was very attentive. For example, at the pool, there was always someone standing by to bring fresh chilled bottles of water or fresh fruit. When I became ill from some food I had eaten, the manager had the doctor come to my room within 15 minutes. I don't know if I became sick from the food at the hotel as we ate several meals in Ubud, but the food at the hotel tasted very good. I was, however, disappointed with the spa; perhaps my expectations were too high, but it was really nothing special. Also, the hotel gets very high fees if you let them book your drivers. You can save a lot of money and find a quality driver in Ubud.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Moraleja
<Content>This is the place to be in Bali, there is no other....               
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>minniemouse
<Content>Just returned We were at the FS Sayan for 3 nights a week ago. This was our third visit. It's better than I remember. We were impressed with every aspect of our stay. Our villa was beautiful, the food has improved since the last time we visited and the service could not be better. We had a couple of problems and they went out of their way to make sure that all was taken care of and offered to move us when our air conditioning was not working one night. Even the chef came and found me to apologize for the inconvenience. They also sent us an expensive bottle of Champagne and a nice note. The rest of the staff was helpful and engaging. The chef is gifted and the dinner we ate there was perfect. There are so many good restaurants in Ubud so we didn't eat there again because of the brief visit but wish we could have. The manager of the restaurant made reservations for us at another restaurant in Ubud. My husband had a minor medical problem and they called a doctor who came to see us at our convenience. I would recommend a villa on the upper part of the property rather than the river unless you don't mind the screams of the rafters as they go by. We were not on the river this time but we saw and heard the rafters from the lobby. We also stayed at the FS Jimbaran on this trip and we did not enjoy it as much as we have in the past. I just read the new Travel and Leisure Top Hotel list for 2005 and FS Sayan tops the list. They didn't get there by accident.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish we stayed at the Uma or Begawan Giri! Long story short...feel in love with Ubud, less than impressed with the FS Sayan.We stayed here for 5 nights two weeks ago. Thought we were going to have a relaxing holiday until we heard the first wave of rafters. For those that want peace, quiet and seclusion, DO NOT REQUEST a riverfront villa! For hours in the morning you will hear whitewater rafters screaming their lungs out. This may not bother some people but it certainly bothered us.Part of the reason why we stayed at the FS Sayan was because of the view we kept hearing about. Wish we did more research before we went because we went to the Begawan Giri for lunch and the view was about 100 times better than the FS Sayan! First off, it's hard to compare the two resorts because the Giri is just so much nicer than the Sayan. The grounds are amazing...acres and acres of natural beauty, and the eye can see for miles along deep, deep river gorges on BOTH sides of you! The Sayan river gorge seems like a trench compared to the Giri's. Another thing that jumped out at me was how distinctive the architecture and the furnishings the Begawan Giri's was compared to the FS Sayan. I tell you something, if you're staying at the FS and don't want to ruin your trip like we did, DO NOT VISIT the Begawan Giri. Man, were we depressed looking at the city hotel-style furniture of our villa after witnessing the African-inspired furnishings of the Fire House (I think that's what it was called) or the outdoor Japanese baths of the Water House.Getting a suite in one of the Begawan Giri's residences is roughly the same price as a villa at the FS Sayan, yet the occupancy is so low that I was told we could have had an entire residence to ourselves! This means a REAL private pool, not those tiny dipping fountains that we had.Lest you think we are real snobs that only want to stay in US$1K rooms a night, we also found a small boutique hotel that had cheap rates that we still liked better than the FS! It was called the Uma Ubud and it was gorgeous! Very minimalistic, but island-flavored furnishings...imagine what a futuristic sci-fi Balinese room would be like and you have got the Uma. Just a gorgeous hotel.Sounds expensive, right? US$200 per night for a standard, but very pretty room. $350 gets a suite with a private pool...not only nicer than the FS but cheaper too.Why didn't we move out? Wish we could have but we (over)paid for the 5 night FS Sayan stay at a charity auction back in the US.I like to see a silver lining in everything and certainly in this case, the next time I'm in Bali, I'll know where to stay!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Beckett
<Content>A great experience without a doubt       Villa sleeping area  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SOPHIEGIRL
<Content>Worth Every Penny... My husband and I just returned from our 1 month honeymoon throughout Asia...After traveling through Vietnam, Cambodia and Hong Kong, we had our last 12 nights in Bali.My husband surprised me with 4 nights at the FS...we loved every minute!Aside from the amazing surroundings, the service was unbelievable. We were known by name at the hotel and were treated like royalty. From the tubarose honeymoon boquet upon arrival to the napkin placed on my lap during our room service meal, this place didn't miss a beat. Our reservation was made for 2 nights and after our first hour, my husband was at the front desk inquiring about extending our stay...in order to accomodate his request, we needed to move villas during our stay. At first, we thought this would be an inconvenience, then we realized that it gave us a chance to pick our villa for next time. We stayed in #1 (which was my favorite, very private, sounds of the water) #50 and #56 which was the Sayan Villa, nice with a full sized pool, but larger than we needed and more remote, as it is located up on a hill behind the main lobby. I've just read the other reviews and must say that I am shocked by some of the negetive comments...of course everyone's experience is different, but after a disappointing stay at the Ritz Carlton in Jimbaran Bay, our last 4 nights at the FS made our honeymoon.  We can't wait to return. Come on guys...do it, surprise her, it's worth every penny!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Extremely disappointed after PERFECT stay at the FS Jimbaran Bay       This was our rather bland bedroom  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>offtobali
<Content>A wonderful honeymoon experience       Sunset reflected in the roof of the main building  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>plagioia
<Content>Nice, but Some Things You Should Know Was here recently for a four-night stay. The resort's location in the jungle by the river is indeed spectacular. Ubud (and central Bali in general) is just amazing. I was in a riverfront villa and I found it to be somewhat of a mixed bag. The location of the villa by the river was visually stunning, but the interior of the villa reminded me of a city hotel, rather than a resort. To me, it just felt out of place given the location. I actually enjoyed the outdoor spaces much more than the interior spaces. There is a very nice outdoor living area and a separate seating area (with lounges) by the plunge pool (which is also very nice). The villa that I was in was, in one sense, very private - neither of my neighbors could see into my outdoor areas or into my villa, nor could I see into theirs. Good design there. But, I must agree with the other reviewer about the issue with people across and in the river being able to see into the room. Don't get me wrong, the people of Bali are MUCH more entitled to be there than I am and I respect that. Not the point. The point is that the Four Seasons promotes the rooms as offering the 'ultimate in privacy' (quote from Four Seasons website) and they do not. When there is someone who can look directly into my room that is NOT privacy.The restaurant at the Resort was excellent. The food was good and the view was amazing. I had dinner there twice and was impressed with the quality of the food.The spa/gym facilities were both good and bad. As someone who frequented the gym every day, I appreciated the view, the nice equipment and the hot and cold plunge pools just steps away. But on the other hand, when I had a treatment at the spa, I realized that the 'private waiting area' for the spa was really just a central area with quite a bit of foot traffic from resort guests. Sitting there in my robe (and not much else) waiting for my therapist I felt very uncomfortable given the volume of traffic that was walking around me. The pool area was lovely, and well designed in that it mirrored the curve of the river. There were rarely more than four or five other guests there. To add my take to the 'rafters' issue, I found that there were quite a bit more than four or five rafts going down the river. For the days that I was there, it was pretty much nonstop from around 9am to 12pm and gradually tapered off after noon. Frankly, it bugged me. I'm glad that the people in the rafts were having fun, but my idea of fun was to lie by the pool and experience 'the peace that is Sayan' (another website quote) and instead experienced 'the screaming that is the rafters'. If I want this kind of thing, I'll go to Cancun (and I occasionally do). And like the situation with the room privacy, it's not so much about the actual people, but about the Four Seasons setting expectations correctly - if I had known about these situations, I would have gone into it expecting something different. Finally, the service: It was good, but not great and was missing that 'Four Seasons touch'. I felt the employees were going through the motions and not really trying. Pool service was certainly not up to Four Seasons standards (had to ask for towels and refills on water, sometimes there were no staff members in evidence at all). Employees around the resort were not friendly and certainly did not greet me by name (particularly surprising considering the small size of the place) and in some cases did not greet me at all (which was a first for me at a Four Seasons). Service at the restaurant was good, and after both meals, the chef came out to ask how the meal was. When I answered that it was very good, he always requested that I give the restaurant good marks when I filled out my comment card at the end of my stay. Asking that really made me feel like he was being disingenuous and that his number one priority was to get a good review, not to provide good service.I guess many of my criticisms are pretty minor in the big picture (and I will admit that my expectations were extremely high for this place). On the whole, the resort is lovely and offers a pretty unique experience. But I was just expecting more given the prices that are charged and the reputation of the place. Having said all of that, if I were back in Bali, I would probably revisit the resort (assuming they can address some of the service issues). Now that I know what to expect from the rooms and facilities, I would govern my expectations accordingly 鈥?and the positives of the place do outweigh the negatives.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>robertoandclaire
<Content>Unbelievable       villa patio  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ricksy999
<Content>great hotel!!! We stayed at the four seasons sayan for four days after spending nine at the ritz-carlton as part of a beach and jungle style honeymoon to Bali. The Four Seasons is tucked away in the village of Sayan near to Ubud and from the moment you walk along the wooden gangway into the resort you know that it was a good choice. The hotel sits on the edge of the Ayung river and has amazing views over the jungle clad valley. The main building is luxuriously decorated and appointed with all the modern facilities expected from a 5* hotel. The restaurant has cracking views over the river and although we didnt use the spa and gym it all looked good with some very funky hot tubs. The villa we had was very nice with a private plunge pool and huge four poster bed. The villa was well decorated and well equipped as a whole however the bathroom was showing signs of wear and tear and needed an over haul. Cracking view over the rice paddies and jungle made up for this minor issue but this let down what was suppposed to be one of the best hotels in the world and gave the ritz-carlton villas at Jimbaran the edge. Saying this I would still recommend this resort. If you have had enough of the beach and hussle of Kuta, Seminyak, Sanur etc then come to sayan for a unique experience. The natural surroundings are spectacular and the Ayung river flowing past the resort makes for some amazing photos. The wildlife is everywhere in the resort which I thought was great but my wife had other opinions. The resort is a great base for doing the local trips. Elephant park, padi fields and Rafting all highly recommended and great fun.Ubud is a short taxi ride away (about 30,000 rupiah) or otherwise take the hotels free shuttle although this disapointingly stops at 5pm. As the locals earn so little we prefered to hire a local taxi driver for the day and for $10 to $20 dollars he will happily drive you around all day leaving you to plan your own itineraries. This is particularly good for shopping trips to Ubud and the local Village of Mas for Woodcarvings and Stone Carvings. We shipped back a 1 cb m crate full of exsquisitely hand carved items for the house and loved every minute of it.The food in the resort is top notch and beautifully presented. Especially the pancakes for breakfast. MMMM. However it is VERY VERY expensive so we chose to eat out as much as possible. Swimming pool is big, clean and attractively located next to the river to allow plenty of sunbathing and luxurious pampering whilst watching the sights and sounds of the jungle. Yes some people moan about the noise of the tourists rafting past but who cares. It lasts a few seconds and they are only having fun!!!!. All in all the resort is spectacular and well wort a visit. We loved every minute of Bali and couldn't have chosen any better for a romantic honeymoon destination with the right balance of luxury, scenery and activity. Bali rocks and we will be back ASAP!!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Here Now- On Honeymoon This review is soo ogood that some may think FS put me up to it. Let me say that after getting married we went to FS Exuma for a couple of night and it was very very dissappointing! I will shortly post a review of this hotel.FOUR SEASONS SAYANI don't know where to begin. First, let me say that I am a HUGE hotel snob. I have stayed at top properties in NYC, Europe, South Africa and throughout the Carribean. This hotel is pure luxury.The main building where the concierge, restaurant, bar and spa are housed is an architectural masterpiece. I have never seen a building designed that ellicits oohs and ahhhs everytime you walk by it.Typical with Four Seasons style, our driver greeted us at the airport with lavender infused cold towels and ice water. By the time we arrived in Ubud, a staff of 10 was waiting to greet us by name. We were led by buggy to our riverfront villa-#16. The villa has a wonderful in/out flow. The top of the villa has a private lily pond with a bench for star gazing evenings. Outside we have a dining table, a sofa, a coffe table and lawn chairs. Additionally, we have an infinity pool overlooking the river. I highly suggest you splurge for this room (and sacrifice eating if you are on a budget). I cant understand other reviewers that comment on the noise of the river. This puts me into the deepest rem sleep every night.If you come please request 16 because it stands on its own. Some building shouse 2 villas. We are lucky ,and can play our music loud etc. without bothering anyone.The interior has a beautiful bed with a mosquito net that wraps around it. Opposite the bed are sliding doors which lead to the outside. The bathroom has a tub mad of limestone. I have not used it yet, dspite it being filled with flowers upon arrival. The outdoor shower is an utter dream come true. So far, I have used it everyday.Additionally, another poster commented on the rafter. When the rafters come down the river, 2 or 3 times a day, it is a treat they wave to us and we wave back. It is fun, in my opinion. Additionally, as another reviewer posted, the land across from the river is not owned by FS. Yes, I have seen local villagers picking fruit herbs etc. Hey this is Bali, I find it wonderful to watch culture everyday. It lets me know that I am in ANOTHER PERSONS COUNTRY and I respect and appreciate their way of life. This is not Palm Beach! I am not offended by someone picking berries to give as offering to their gods, or to their families.The staff her is superb, they cater to you EVERY NEED. Everyone knows our name and knows what we like to drink, eat etc. The turn down service at night is an added treat. I love the flowers they leave on your bed---the smell is amazing.We have not gone to the main pool, which is a bit small because we have our own. When I went down for lunch, I made a note that they should have balinese music playing there. Because the place is soooo peaceful, a location where one could enjoy drinks by the pool with music would be an added treat.Everyday I do a fast walk up to the entrance (2x's) which takes 40 minutes. I love walking the superbly manicured grounds, looking at the frogs by the pond, and watching the talented gardners tend to the rice patches. Thus, I have not used the exercise facilities. I did have a massage, it was good, the oils smelled wonderful. The massage was more stroking than deep tissue, but I suppose that was my fault for not emphasizing that I wanted it deeper.The food is wonderful, though limited. However, you can order anything that is not on the menu and the chef wll do his best to make it. We contemplated leaving Sayan for 2 nights in jimbaran, but we are so afraid of the unexpected. We cannot imagine it getting any better than this, so we are staying!If you had 575 to blow on your last day of earth I would spend it here!  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FMUBSU
<Content>Shockingly, this beautiful resort has some big problems! I just returned from a 17 day trip which included stays at the Four Seasons Langkawi, Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay and Four Seasons Sayan. I was so excited about Sayan because everyone raved how great it was. There are some wonderful things about the FS Sayan, but surprisingly, this resort has some problems which made for a disappointing stay. We went all out and stayed at the riverfront villa. The Ayung River was very disappointing. Another post on Sayan mentioned they could not stand the thundering noise of the river. The river is at the most 15 feet wide and is much more like a gently rushing creek or stream. And unfortunately, it is at the heart of the problem. There is apparently a raft operator upstream which conducts tours of the river. Between the hours of 8Am-2PM, be prepared for hundreds of screaming tourists as they shoot the rapids. You would think they were on the Colorado or Columbia Rivers and not on a 2 feet deep stream! Sayan prides and markets itself as the ultimate oasis of tranqility and peace. But if you have a riverfront villa or are at the pool on the river, be prepared for this oasis to be shattered by scores of rafts packed with hordes of screaming tourists. I know the FS cannot stop the traffic on the river, but they should advise guests who want to stay at the riverfront villas of this problem (as well as for those who want to relax by the pool.)The villas are nicely decorated and very modern. They look much more like rooms you would find in a business hotel in Tokyo. Be careful of the hot water because it will scald and cause a terrible burn if you are not careful! The large outdoor area is beautiful with a wonderful eating and seating area and a terrific infinity edge plunge pool. The main area houses the restaurant, lobby, spa and lounge. It is an architectual masterpiece...a stunning work of art.. a visual feast for the eyes. Unfortunately, the staff, though very efficient and competent, is for the most part very cool and not friendly. Most of the staff is robotic and detached. Some of the staff are wonderful, but we never felt truly welcomed as we did at FS Langawki and Jimbaran Bay where we were treated as family. The spa is total joke. It is on the same level as the gym and library. Most resorts have a huge separate spa with changing areas, saunas, whirpools, realaxation rooms, waterfalls, etc... Not Sayan. You are told in the center lobby to go into the bathroom- like changing areas and come out in your robe and slippers and sit in the public lobby area! No kidding! I sat there in my robe and nothing else feeling very exposed and uncomfortable as people walked by. It is a high traffic area and next to the main staircase which takes people all through the main area. so people stared at me while I waited for my treatment. The Sayan Spa is basically broom closet rooms to the side of a hall. It looks like a collection of restrooms along the wall and nothing else. The gym was wonderful as it had a wall of glass doors which led to three plunge pools... it was amazing! The views of the jungle are breathtaking. The two teired inifinity edge pool is nice but the service there is spotty and as I mentioned earlier, be prepared for screaming tourists on rafts!The food is decent but not great. Our biggest issue was that there was pounding from construction on a villa next to us. We told the assistant manager and he promised to have the worked stopped. We did not want them to have to stop the work and offered to move, but he insisted we stay in the villa. The work did not stop. So, the peaceful oasis was again shattered. This was unacceptable considering how much you are paying. After we complained a second time about the construction, we got an apology and a free dinner. BTW... the land across the river is not owned by FS... If you have a riverfront villa, there will be locals picking herbs and fruits right across your villa, so don't expect the privacy promised by the FS... These people have a right to be there, but I don't understand why the resort takes great pains to make your villa private from the other villas when people across from you can see everything you do.. It just defeats the purpose. When we checked out, it took the buggy 20 minutes to get to the villa to pick us up and the computers were down so we could not check email. It seems to me as if the FS Sayan suffers from a great deal of arrogance. Since they are supposed to be one of the best resorts in the world and everyone raves about them, they think everyone should be awed by the resort. We were impressed with the architecture and the beauty, but not much else. The FS Langakwi and Jimbaran Bay are far superior in many ways. The FS Sayan is much more akin to a very nice business hotel with a great view than a world class resort.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JeffMA
<Content>outstanding world class resort We stayed 3 nights in a villa, not riverfront, during April 2005. We had very high expectations of the FS Sayan having read all the reviews and also having stayed at the FS in Chiang Mai, Thailand (similar feel). The FS Sayan met our expectations. The villa, service, pool area, health club, spa, etc., all were great. The nights we were there they had a managers cocktail party and one night a Balinese dance show. Both were complimentary and nicely done.The resort is down a narrow access road off a road in Sayan. If you were driving down the road through Sayan you would not expect an architectural splendor to be 50 yards away. Only negative is the cost. Relative to other Bali accommodations the FS Sayan is expensive. Relative to other top resorts in the world, the cost is reasonable (i.e. check out the price of a top hotel in a major European city).We would definitely stay at the FS Sayan again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>escholte
<Content>Wow!   showReview(3419838, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best-Ever Bali   showReview(3299671, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jodiandron
<Content>We can't say enough about this place   showReview(3237829, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Architectually stunning hotel...A phenomenal experience   showReview(3176338, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottsdaletraveler
<Content>great resort   showReview(3021104, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A tranquil, exotic destination   showReview(2853858, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uvarobt
<Content>Unbelievable Experience!!!   showReview(2826417, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure bliss !!   showReview(2492752, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChoosyTraveler
<Content>Phenomenal!   showReview(2349198, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every day I dream of Sayan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(2323408, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anne_an
<Content>绶戙亴澶氥亸鐧掋仌銈屻伨銇椼仧   showReview(23390280, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>銉栥儵銉炽偡銉?> 銉栥儵銉炽偡銉?</a> </div>
<Content>銈淬兗銈搞儯銈癸紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(22211472, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hashashas
<Content>銈︺儢銉夈€佺檼銇椼伄妫仹銆?#x201d;       妫伄涓伄銉曘偐銉笺偡銉笺偤銉?鍐欑湡銇繎銇忋伄銇傘倠MATAHARI SPA銇儵銈︺兂銈搞亱銈夋挳褰便仐銇熴倐銇?  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>銇姐倱銇熴倣
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇欍倠銇伅鏈€楂樸伄銉涖儐銉紒       銉欍儍銉夈儷銉笺儬  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈炴棩甯搞倰鎰熴仒銈夈倢銈嬨儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉炽亴鏈€楂橈紒锛侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(20752795, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勭挵澧冦仹銇椼仧   showReview(19914359, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲舵櫙銇屽簝銇屻倠銉┿偊銉炽偢   showReview(19911481, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19910869, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉°偆銉炽儹銉撱兗銇ㄣ兇銈ｃ儵...   showReview(19928321, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伄銉偩銉笺儓銇ㄣ伅涓€鍛?..   showReview(19926536, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銉涖儐銉叏浣撱伄...   showReview(19924377, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

