<Author>ustwoDevon
<Content>great beds - nice hotel we had a 1 night stay here before boarding QM2 for a cruise.after a long flight it was great to crawl into the most comfortable bed i have slept in!!! lovely room overlooking the harbour.fantastic. lovely staff.very very clean.would stay here again - even for just a good nights sleep!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fossilHypoxia
<Content>Theft and bad experience I had a very bad experience in Mariott Biscayne Bay this time in Miami. I am a Mariott member and also Starwoods member. I travel a lot and prefer Mariott, but after this incident this time, I am never going to stay in their property and also recommend others not to.I had to park the car in their garage parking and had to pay 24 bucks per day but there is no security, someone broke the window glass and stole all my belongings from the Car and Mariott claims to be not liable for any of these.They say they cannot take care of any criminal act..The stay was also not comfortable because its an old property, water leakage all over and then my head still ringing from the heavy construction noise. Its a terrible hotel.If the brand cannot maintain its properties, I wont ever go to this brand.I would also log this complaint with my employer who has thousands and thousands of employees travelling everyday to Mariott because of Corporate tie up.If there is no security and comfort, then what makes it different from a roadside Motel?  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>MrTeaPaws
<Content>Not a relaxing stay Overall this was a very underwhelming experience for a Marriott.The hotel is undergoing a significant refit internally and externally and there is constant noise and drilling from 9 to 5 Monday through to Saturday. There is no warning of this on the hotel's website and it came as a shock upon arrival.Got a nice room on a high floor only to discover that due to the construction the window was covered in muck and a struggle to see out across the bay. The restaurant service was poor and abrupt. This again was a disappointment compared to the many Marriotts that I have stayed in. The lounge is small and not anything special. The only redeeming point was the location, the comfortable rooms and a nice pool area with quiet areas to relax (but only on a Sunday).However overall this place is one to avoid for the next few months until the work has finished.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	2	2	2	4	

<Author>AlexandraPHL
<Content>Good hotel overall, a few hangups.. Well, my bf is really good at getting hotel room upgrades. We were scheduled to have a suite, however as he came back with the news that we had been upgraded to thePresidential Suite it got even better! The hotel overall was a bit dated including the pool area, however the views are out of this world  it's only a short taxi ride over to South Beach. Service across the board was friendly  efficient. Everything was super clean, bed was awesome blah blah... typical nice experience stuff. The only bad parts were that they don't offer 24 hour room service  after reading all the pizza hut pizza options to be delivered before 11pm via room service it turned into torture! In addition, the balcony railing was to say the least not secure. Also we had a mishap with the concierge, they assured us they would send out a package to arrive in PHL next day, however they never called to have the box picked up!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarmelDST
<Content>I probably won't go back Before going to Miami, I read just about every review about this hotel that I could get my hands on. None of them were favorable, however, our friends were also staying at this hotel and we all wanted to stay together. I won't be going back to this hotel. The room was old and outdated. It also had a sliding door leading outside that didn't work, and an extremely small bathroom. In spite of the room, the hotel staff were all very nice and helpful. The best part of the hotel was that it was connected to some small shops and small restaurants. Unfortunately, they all closed at the same time and I missed dinner one night because of it.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>winebot
<Content>My head still ringing from the construction noise Was definitely underwhelmed. Choose this place if you like a) construction noise, including a drill that started up in the room directly above us, b) cheesy decor, c) disinterested staff, and d) lame location in a city with so much to offer. My wife and I switched to the Palms in South Beach and only then felt like our vacation had actually begin.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	2	1	2	

<Author>mooseless1
<Content>A Wonderful Experience!!! WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE! My wife and I had booked a 4 day cruise to celebate our 25th anniversary and were looking for a hotel close to the Port of Miami. We planned our flight into Miami the day before the cruise to relax and celebrate without having the hassle of rushing from the airport to the cruise ship.When we checked in, a very courteous staff member welcomed us to the hotel and asked if we needed anything special. We asked if she could recommend a nice place to have a dinner to celebrate our 25th anniversary. She smiled, congratulated us and set up a contact with the concierge to arrange a dinner for us. She also set us up with a free breakfast buffet on the 30th floor for the following morning. Our room was on the 22nd floor. The room was wonderful, newly redecorated with a large flat panel TV, a controllable digital thermostat, a very comfortable bed and a great view overlooking the arena and the port of Miami where we could see our cruise ship dock the following morning.Five minutes after arriving at the room, there was a knock on the door. Imagine our surprise when we found out the hotel had arranged for room service to bring us a complementary tray containing a chilled bottle of sparkling wine, a bowl for large, fresh strawberries, some chocolate sauce, whipped cream and flowers to help us celebrate. What a thoughtful gesture this was!There were some areas of the hotel that are still under rennovation and were closed. The pool was being serviced but the hotel had arranged for us to use the pool at the adjacent hotel and appologized for the inconvenience. Even with the remodelling, the hotel arranged for any work to start after 9am so as not to disturb the guests.We would definitely stay there again. The location is great, many restaurants close by (we didn't have a chance to eat at the hotel but it looked very nice) and the price was around $150 using our Marriott rewards card - similar rates for AAA and some other deals. One of the best night's we have spent away from home!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flyer101
<Content>Good Location and Quality Stayed at the Marriott for two nights and was quite happy with that stay.The room was nicely renovated with the very comfortable Marriott bedding package, new furnishings and a huge flat screen TV with the new plug-in panel. Very nice idea Marriott came up with there - making it easy to connect your MP3 to the TV to enjoy your own music. The room offered a small balcony and some good though partial views of the Biscayne Bay.Service seemed efficient and up to Marriott standards. Easy check-in and check-out with friendly staff. I did not try the restaurant on site - but there is one if you need it. There also is a very nice little Deli with good take-away right next door in the Doubletree hotel - directly connected to the Marriott. Otherwise the public areas seemed rather unimpressive. The location was very good - only a short cab ride or drive from downtown and bayside as well as Miami Beach. The area directly around the hotel though I found to be rather drab and nowhere I would really like to walk around. Overall quite nice with nicely renovated rooms and not far from anything but certainly not directly in the best neighbourhood so that you need to drive everywhere.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>DeanWinchester
<Content>Very nice We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, and found it very comfortable. The view from the window was stunning, as it looked out over the bay; no balcony (although I hear there are balconies on the other side of the building). We stayed 4 to a room, and found that we were not too over-crowded as the room was large and had two double beds as well as chairs, desk etc. Bathroom was clean, and it was all tidied daily.The food was adequate; despite having to pay extra for it. It was not the cheapest I've ever had but it was nice food. The waiter service was poor; we were left waiting to order for a long time each morning. The location is fine - closer to the centre would be nice, but we had a hire car so it did not matter to us. However, the cost of parking there is ridiculously high. If you go without a car, apparently there is a good train system nearby which can get you anywhere you need to go.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>csokey
<Content>Good Hotel for Pre Cruise stay When we arrived at the Marriott Hotel for our pre-cruise stay, the service was GREAT... Starting with the bellman, ready to provide service and making sure our bags were delivered to our room right away. The clerk at the service desk provided excellent service. Our room was located on the 30th floor; the derco was very inviting, the flat screen TV and bathroom, made the stay more pleasurable. And the VIEW from the sliding door balcony, over looked the bay, Port of Miami was more that we expected. We had a clear view of the cruise ships and all of Downtown/ South Beach area. We wanted steak for lunch and the bellman suggested a great resturant in the strip maill on the first floor near the Doubletree hotel. THe FREE train rail system was a block away, which took us all over miami... Only small issue was the moring noise from the construction work on site., very minor... We enjoyed our stay and will return if in Miami again.C. Moore Los Angeles, CA  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ellenbrook
<Content>Great location An excellent pre cruise stay of three nights.Excellent location overlooking the cruise port with a small marina infornt of the hotel courtyard.The hotel was clean and the staff helpful and polite.Hotel room was large and comfortable and once again very clean.A small pool area with hot tubm with adequate sun deck.A small shopping mall located under cover between the Doubletree Hotel and Marriott was a great bonus with a small number of restayurants and bars offering a choice of good food options. Would recommend the hotel and will stay again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>angel2002tt
<Content>Great Stay My husband, daughter and I stayed at Marriott Biscayne Bay. Our stay was absolutely great. The staff is very nice to the vistors , they are also very helpful. The rooms were very clean and cleaned everyday. I recommended this hotel to a friend who would be staying there in August 2008. Whenever I come to Miami I would definetly stay at Marriott Biscayne Bay.Raquel Trinidad  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bushmustgo
<Content>Great views We stayed here for the last night of our honeymoon and were very pleasantly surprised. The young lady in registration kindly upgraded us to the concierge level with its spectacular views of Miami Beach. The room itself was average and the $24 parking fee absurd. But the exhibitionist woman in the hi-rise condo across the street more than made up for it!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelsUnlimited
<Content>Decently close to Cruise Ships, but not much else       LCD TV connector panel for easy access  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pipeman28
<Content>Perfectly Adequate Marriott While not the best Marriott I've ever stayed at, this hotel is perfectly adequate. The staff was great. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Breakfast at the hotel restaurant was good, but I can't recomend lunch or dinner there. Unfortunately there aren't many other options for food in the vicinity. That said, there is a free elevated rail service that can take you to most anywhere downtown town for other dining options.The location is fine for downtown business, and the bus to South Beach (and other environs) is very close and convenient. A caution: As of this writing (7/08) there is significant renovation happening at the hotel. Make sure you get a room away from the construction. Our room was fine, but we had friends staying in other rooms that complained of the noise and inconvenience.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	1	

<Author>dbgal
<Content>Great Location...Nice Staff Nice hotel...clean and in a great location...felt safe and nice to watch the boats in the marina and the cruise ships docking. Pool was on the small side but ok. Rooms themselves could use some work...a bit outdated and small. The balcony is just a ledge overlooking the water on the bay side. The rooms on the side of the building have real balconies. Plenty of restaurants nearby and some shopping The Deli downstairs was wonderful!!! Overall we were pleased. Nice for one or two nights while waiting for a cruise.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cjh3
<Content>Very nice place to stay Great place to stay before leaving for a cruise. Very clean, very attentive staff, could not be any nicer. 1. rooms clean, nice size2. order from virtual conceirge ahead of time, order was not correct but was rectified quickly3. needed to drip off car has Hertz in lobby, very helpful  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jayvee
<Content>Choose another hotel We booked this hotel because of Marriott points. This hotel is below the standards of what a Marriott should be. The rooms are old, the carpet smells and so do many of the floors we were on. The bathroom is out-dated, no little extras like Q-tips, hair net for the shower, no exhaust fan and old fixtures. Garbage pails are plastic with no liners, restaurants were terrible - fruit was not ripe but served anyway and meats/fish were dry, overcooked and overpriced. Service was slow, cleaning people did only the basic-but they were very fast to open your car door and wait for a tip. We were so very dissapointed in this hotel and I would never stay there again. Big mistake.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>ichaves25
<Content>Just a nice location I stayed at this hotel the second week of april due to a conference that was taking place here.I must say the hotel has a great location specially if you are not renting a car, it麓s just in front of the Onmi terminal and from there you can have access to pretty much anywhere in Miami.However the hotel is a little overpriced.The rooms look kind of old, and the carpet was terribly dirty. Bed was comfortably and the view I got was excellent, partial bay view and partial city view.The service was not good at all, from the mess up check in until the 40 minutes waiting for a band aid to get to my room....I麓m coming to Miami on november again and I will definitely not stay here.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	1	4	4	5	

<Author>Tony_No
<Content>Acceptable but nothing special This is an 'average' Marriott, so still more than acceptable, even if not likely to be the best expereince in your life. The hotel interior looks a little dated (lobby, corridors etc.) but the rooms were decorated to usual marriott standard. Managed to get a move to a room facing the bay on 26th floor and the views were of course amazing. Staff were friendly enough though I found that the restaurant staff were very obsessed with making sure they got the 'right' gratuity. I know gratuities are important n the US but here they seemed overly concerned with this.We used the pool once as well and it was fine, though a little cold. I was a bit annoyed that over the weekend they closed the club lounge (I'm a Marriott elite member so this provides me and my family with free breakfast/snacks). This struck me as an unnecessarily cheap thing to do. When I complained I was give some breakfast vouchers but had I not done so I wouldnt have had any. Didnt expect to have to pay 25 USD to park per day (actually I paid 28 for lobby parking) but there is little in the way of competeng parking nearby and that which is available is same price. So overall it was fine - Marriott's usually are - and it wouldnt be a disaster to stay there again with my familly - but i'd probably look elsewhere first  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>carolinagirl019
<Content>Great for night before cruise Clean room , upgraded bedding, with excellent view of the bay. We had booked with a special AAA rate of $130 per night, I can't imagine paying the online rate for this hotel, it was nice, but not up to the price listed for the room. The mall area between the Marriott and The Doubletree had several shops for items you may have forgotten and a nice deli/bakery.The front desk staff was exceptional in giving us info for visiting South Beach for dinner. I would enjoy staying here again before a cruise. We checked out, grabbed a cab and were at the port in about 15 minutes total.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FionaBell
<Content>Stay here if you're using Marriott Points       View of downtown  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OCALAFLORIDATRAVELER
<Content>Nice Rooms!!! Horrible Restaurant and Room Service This is a great hotel for Pre/Post Cruise from the Port of Miami. It is about 2 miles from the port. The lobby and front reception area is very clean and well cared for. Valet and baggage assistance is hit or miss but efficient overall. Rooms: Rooms are very nice and I recommend you ask for a room with a balcony facing the cruise port. Allthough most of the rooms have side views of Biscayne Bay on both sides of the hotel you have either high rise residential condos or the doubletree on the north side. Some of the rooms have the strange entry configuration and the bathrooms are small for Marriott standards. Room Service/Restaurant: Geez what can I say? This department is incredibly lacking in both efficiency and anything else for that matter. Ordered 2 Cuban Sandwiches and 2 orders of Fried Plaintains. Took 1 hour 20 minutes. Cuban Sandwiches are pretty simple to make and authentic cuban sandwiches even don't take over an hour to make. When she finally arrived she practically wiped out my laptop and just wisked passport and papers right off the table to make room for the tray. (Another one of those Marriotts that don't believe in leaving the guests anything to eat off except those ackward trays. She was pretty taken back about my discontent about my documents and my laptop being whisked off the table like it was no problem to just disconnect my laptop from the internet without even asking or even providing a response to my 3 repeated requests for the table to eat on. I spoke to another guest in the elevator on the way up from the lobby and they said that they had pretty horrible service in the restaurant. At the time of the review I ordered 2 Cookies and Creams Ice Creams over 40 minutes ago!!! Definetly up to the Marriott standard of service in regards to the Food and Beverage Department. Would I stay here again? Probably not, unless going out of the port of miami again on another cruise, and even then I would eat out somewhere instead of trusting this hotel to ever deliver what the Marriott name has come to mean to a Marriott loyalist.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chocolatl
<Content>Don't stay here ... there are much better hotels in Miami Second to none??? Yeah ... I haven't stayed at such a bad hotel in ages. Standing in the lobby some papers I was reviewing got wet ... condensation dripping from the ceiling. Internet technology so outdated that the technician had to come each of the two days I stayed to fix the box and get me connected (a colleague had the same issue). As a bonus, I had to re-start my computer three times ... just what a business traveler wants. Staff not helpful. Asking for a drug store, the concierge sent me blocks away in a taxi, only to later find out that there is a pharmacy in the shopping area attached to the hotel. The room ... standard, but my non-smoking room had been smoked in and I ran out of toilet paper. Used the laundry service, and got my underwear back squished into a ball, all rumpled and still damp. And the caper ... I watched a movie, or tried to. Halfway through, I used the pause function. After a short while, the movie disappeared from my screen, and I was given these choices: Start over, or let it be and get a 10% discount. Ah, after protesting, I also got an apology and the discount was increased to 20%. This place isn't worthy of the Marriott name.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	4	1	1	

<Author>knoxvillegranny
<Content>Only if you're here before or after a cruise lower level Marriott. Fine if you are here before or after a cruise. Otherwise go across the bay to South Beach.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>PAtrip
<Content>Marriott quality - terrible neighborhood Full Service Marriott in the middle of no where - if that is possible in a major city. It looks like this area had great plans, there is a Hilton and Doubletree near by. But the closed down mall, lack of restaurants, no shopping make you feel silly being in Miami with nothing around.Stay here on business to get your points and plan on eating in the hotel or taking a cab everywhere.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	1	3	4	4	2	

<Author>sunnysailing
<Content>Not up to Marriott standards I was not impressed with this hotel either. NOT up to Marriottstandards. The room was very small, there was a dividedwall right when you walked in, that made the room evensmaller right up against the bed that made it hard to get your suitcase thru. The built in wall air conditionerwas making a loud knocking sound, as was the refridgeratorhumming. I called the desk and they sent up 2 maintence mento fix them, which took 2 hrs. I dont feel this should have beendone on MY vacation time. No other room was available nor offered to us to change. Heard noise ALL night long from other partying guests till3am. The bathroom was very small and outdated.The pool was small and guests were smoking. If this is a nonsmoking hotel, why are people smoking at the pool?The attendant messed up our lunch order and seemed MADwhen he was told about it, tried to blame it on us.Tried to get info at the concerige on what to do in Miami, but she was busydirecting the incoming traffic of guests in the lobby. NO help at all. Not at her desk doing her job. Would not stay at thishotel again.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>drc225
<Content>Disappointing - not recommended Well this is supposed to be a full service Marriott (with prices to match). I stayed for 3 nights with a convention. Notes:1. Location is not great. Its nice on the bay but there is very little in walking distance.2. Pool area is not particularly pleasant. Its kind of squashed in and the Doubletree next door looked much nicer. 3. The gym is small pokey and on three floors and, for the 1st time in many years, I opted to go jogging rather than use the gym. My knees still hurt!4. The Internet didn't work in my initial room. It took a couple of hours messing around to get to the point. The hotel changed my room efficiently but it was hassle.5. My new room had some stuff wrong but I couldn't be bothered to report it.Its fine for a conference or a quick stay but its not up to normal Marriott standards.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>se2121
<Content>Not up to Marriott standards! I'm a Marriott snob and I was highly disappointed by this hotel. My wife and I stayed here February 22-24, 2008 because we were in town for the South Beach Wine  Food Fest. We try to stay at Marriott's whenever we travel based on our past positive experiences and their reputation. This was the worst Marriott we have ever stayed at.As we arrived, we entered the parking garage which was disgusting. I know it's a parking garage but it smelled like it belonged in NYC (no offense). The parking garaged was disgustingly dirty. I know it's a parking garage but at least paint the walls so they don't look so gross. The elevator and it's fixtures were also outdated, smelled, and were dirty.The lobby seemed nice, the hotel appears to be a layover hotel for cruise guests, airline employees, or business persons for conferences at the hotel. I couldn't imagine anyone staying here for vacation. The check-in was quick and we were upgraded to a bay view from a city view.The bay view was gorgeous however I don't quite understand why all other rooms that were not bay view rooms had a nice little deck. The bay view rooms have a sliding glass door that leads out to a 3 inch faux balcony. This was kinda disappointing.The room was also pretty nasty. The carpet was old and crusty and I actually walked around with sandals on which I never do. The television was outdated, no flatscreen here. The walls probably got pained over a couple years ago and look fine. There was nice crown molding by the sliding doors which was a nice touch. Now comes the bathroom from the 70's. The tile was old and not very nice. The bathroom and tub were also not very nice.Pool was nice and heated, hot tub was good too. I'm sorry but not a nice Marriott  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>tonymoco
<Content>Great Pre/Post Cruise Hotel I enjoyed being able to see the cruise ships come and go from my room before my cruise. It really got me psyched and also a bit more prepared.My room request recommendation would be for a room WITH a full balcony (w/table and chairs) on the cruise terminal side of the hotel as close to the water as possible on a high floor. Note: the rooms with the most expansive bay views - - which the hotel charges more for -- do NOT have balconies....although they have a sliding glass door opening onto a tiny railed-in ledge and those views are indeed the best.The hotel was very accomodating to my need for any early check-in (10am) after my cruise, and a staff member told me that they try to be very responsive to this.Finally, they have a self serve laundry for guests and a business center with pay internet access.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>StephM76
<Content>Nice rooms, but restaruant.... Stayed here for one night prior to leaving on a cruise. The hotel is located right by the port and the transportation to the port the following morning was easy. The guest rooms were nice and our room overlooked the bay/ports. Bed was comfortable. I really enjoyed watching the sunrise in the morning. We also ate dinner at the restaurant in the hotel and found the service to be lacking and the food was average (it was dead that night). Went again for breakfast and found that the service was a better and food was good.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>globetrotterboy
<Content>Very nice hotel in downtown Miami Very nice hotel, clean, good comfortable beds and great breakfast.Very close to Bayside nad the Port of Miami, hence ideal for pre-and post cruise travellers.Highly recommended if staying in this area of Miami.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvstotravel1
<Content>Very nice We stayed at the Marriott in December for one night prior to a cruise. The room was very nice and very clean. Yes, the rooms were a little outdated, however, they were very clean and the staff at the front desk and restaurant were very friendly and accomodating.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RaCoLo
<Content>Nice! I arrived at the Biscayne Bay Marriott after renting a car at the airport. Beware of the bill for parking and telephone, be sure to ask what each individual call would cost!! I ended up paying $70 for a 2 minute long distance phone call!!Hotel is located in a nice area near bayside mall and the american airlines arena with good access to all areas of Miami.Hotel is about a 25 minute ride from the airport with about $20-$25.Room Service food was average and the bathroom looks a little outdated. Great front desk staff!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>austraveller29
<Content>Great pre-cruise stay We stayed here for one night post cruise and found it more than adquate. Upon check in a lovely staff member took it upon himself to ensure we had a port view which was awesome and really got us excited for the next day. All the staff were friendly and answered any queries. Went to Bayside for dinner which was fun but didn't use hotel restuarants at all so comment. After a great nights sleep we checked out at 10.30 and caught a taxi to the port. We were sitting down to lunch on the ship and 12.15pm. Very convenient and more than adequate for a pre-cruise night. Warning we had to return a hire care and ended up in some pretty scary neighbourhoods where we had to fill up with petrol. Would not stray to far from port area or hotel at this end of town but as I said we just wanted a good comfortable nights rest before boarding the ship. Would recommend this hotel for cruisers. Having travelled through USA for a few weeks this was definitely one of the better hotels as far as decor not nearly as bad as people try to make you think.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Aussie08
<Content>Marriott is great We stayed at the Marriott Biscayne Bay on Jan 8th for two nights. We had two rooms as we are a family with four teenagers. We had come from orlando ( theme parks etc ) and the comfortable beds of the Marriott were very welcoming.The location is very easy for South Beach and the Bayside area very near the hotel was great. Bayside has all the chain eateries inc chilis, bubba's and hard rock cafe, to name but a few.We have stayed at this hotel before and we would stay here again. Ok it may be getting a little tired but the comfort and staff certainly make up for that.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>leahb
<Content>Loved this Marriott!! We just stayed at the Marriott after our cruise on Jan 12/08 for 1 night and the room was spectactular, 29th floor overlooking the ports, city and marina, simply spectacular views! The rooms was really nice and clean, very quiet except for a loud bunch across the hall, and the food very good! We would stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>californiamom
<Content>great hotel I truly cannot understand what in the world people are complaining about. I can tell you that I was told that the hotel is going to undergo a major renovation in the next few months for all of you who have complained about the decor. We stayed here pre and post cruise. We had a very, very comfortable stay. The bed was plush. The bathroom is definitely small and looked old, but it was nothing that concerned us. Each morning we woke up to this incredible view of the harbor and port. I cannot even begin to explain how beautiful this view is. There is one restaurant on property. We had dinner there and thought that the food was very good. We also ordered room service and it was promptly delivered and tasted delicious. We had concierge access which is on the 26th floor. The view from this room is also incredible and panoramic. The balcony in our room on both occasions opened up. You cannot sit out there, but at least you can open it up for fresh air. Every staff member from the bellmen to the front desk to housekeeping and everyone else in between were so nice and polite. Across from the hotel is the old omni mall which was shut down about 10 yrs ago. There are huge plans to reopen the mall with target and other stores. The amount of building going on in the area is astounding. The hotel is right next to a doubletree, so it is easy to get it confused if you are driving from the airport. The signage from the street is not very clear. At one point our taxi driver when we returned from our cruise wasn't even sure if it was the right driveway. You will see what i mean if you go.... Make sure you get exact directions written down from the internet and take them with you before you get behind that wheel. I am really good with directions and actually ended up lost for a few minutes because i forgot my internet directions from the hotel's website and was relying on what the hotel was trying to explain to me. They were explaining correctly, but i was on a long flight and got turned around. The hotel's interior did look older, but that did not distract from us from having a very relaxing, quiet and uneventful stay. The bed itself was extremely comfortable. The hotel is on a small dock at the marina. It is nice walking out there. There are also tables to sit and enjoy the view. There is also a little place downstairs that sells quick food items. We did take a look at the pool and spa. They both looked nice, but we did not have time to use them. I am sure that if you got a room and it smelled, the hotel would change your room. Plus, you can open the balcony door for fresh air which i thought was great. I would recommend this hotel in a second. I cruise a lot out of miami and will definitely return when i am there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LurkerBR
<Content>Something(s) very wrong I'm wondering how and why people love this place so much. It is a huge hotel, staff really is friendly but:- Decoration sucks. Seems like if you are in an Orlando Hotel in the 60's. Rooms also smell old.- The restaurant emploees had dirty uniforms and a quick carefull look at place allows anyone to notice how much dirt there is. Check under the lamps for youself....- The gym is old, equipments are cracking and many of the free weights missing.It really seemed very strange to me for this hotel to have so many 4+ stars reviews. That' was the reason why I booked it. It was a huge disapointment.. That's why I decided to write this.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	4	3	1	

<Author>IntegrityTravel
<Content>Decent, Not Bad, Not Great       Not a huge room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>gahlisary
<Content>Needs Renovation Came down to Miami for a night for some personal business. Have always enjoyed staying at Marriotts, feel they are generally well-located, nicely-maintained, hubs of activity. Compared to others, this Marriott needs a redo. Thought the location was fine, on the bay in the Omni district, but the lobby, guestroom corridors, and guestroom itself looked tired and old. The room did have the new Marriott Revive bed, which was totally comfortable, but the room's other furniture needs to be replaced. Hotel didn't have wifi (need to use a cable wire provided in a bag in the closet) so I instead used the hotel's business center. which which was 24-hour (accessed with a room key). This was a good amenity, as i needed to be up late working on some items. Grabbed a bite in a market located in one of the adjacent condo towers, food was pretty good, although they were closing, so i ate in the business center. Ordered early room service the next morning which came on time but was awful (the pecan french toast) and super-overpriced. All in all, a decent stay, but hotel definately needs some freshening.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>43Becko
<Content>Great for a short stay       The Comfy Beds At The Marriot  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>honey40
<Content>Very nice hotel, Stayed here for pre and post cruise. We stayed here for 1 night before driving up to Orlando then another night before going on a cruise. The hotel was very busy with plenty of people coming and going. The staff were very friendly and helped with any questions we had. We had a room for a family of 4 which had 2 double beds and it cost 拢74 each night which I thought was excellent value for money. If you have your own car with you then BEWARE, they charge $24 per day for parking which I did think was pretty expensive.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>nrh
<Content>Excellent customer service We booked this property for a one night stay prior to a cruise because it had gotten above average reviews here on Trip Advisor. I had reserved two rooms. One for myself and my husband (king) and one for my two teenage boys (doubles). Their internet reservation system did not allow me to put my kids in a room without an adult. I was concerned that the front desk was going to give me an issue about it too and we would have to play the key switch game. They didn't give us any grief at check in at all. They even moved our rooms to be a little closer together. (They did not have anything adjoining, but at least they got us on the same floor.)Our rooms were a little small, but they were clean and had lovely linens and comfy beds. Both of the rooms had a nice view, but the boys really scored with a view of the cruise ships. I enjoyed being able to sit out on my balcony and do my nails and watch people swimming in the pool while my husband took a quick nap.We ate dinner at the hotel's restaurant. I can't remember what it was called, but it had a nice view of their marina and the food was passable hotel food. I had a good salad and my husband enjoyed his burger. Any time he can get one that's not burnt to a crisp, he's happy. My older son had pasta and thought it was good. I can't remember what my younger son ate, but he would have complained - loudly - if it had been bad. The bell manager was also greatly helpful in tracking down the suitcase that Continental had sent off to Denver or some such nonsense. He stayed on top of things until it was delivered to the hotel... finally calling my room (as I'd requested) at 3 a.m. to let me know it had arrived safely.We ate breakfast at the hotel again. Similar food quality. I can't speak for the buffet. I don't like them. Too germy. :)We bipassed the enormous throngs of cruise passengers waiting for busses, had one of the valet staff hail us a taxi, and went merrily on our way to the port.We will use this hotel again the next time we're in Miami for a cruise.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>YzGi
<Content>Great views...but there were issues... My family of 4 recently stayed 2 nights at the Marriott BB. We were crusing out of Miami so this seemed like a good place to stay from the reviews I read. There was some confusion as to my room rate upon arrival (this was Marrriotts fault) but we did get that straightened out. The vews were great! You could look right off of your romeo/juliet balcony and see the port. We watched our ship pull in the next morning, it was awesome! We had one dinner and one breakfast at the hotel. The dinner portions were huge and delish. The breakfast buffet was a bit pricey but one of the best I've ever eaten at. There was a very nice coffee bar in the lobby area that was open from around 6 until 1pm that had Starbucks coffee..and some great danishes.The negatives were: our room did NOT hold 4 people comfortably. We felt like sardines! Also, the bathroom had no vent in it so after a shower, you had to wait 30 minutes for the BR to clear up. If you purchased the internet, it was in 24 hr increments so we went down to the business center as we only needed it for a total of 10 minutes. any questions, feel free to email me :)Yzgi  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>DFT07
<Content>Average The hotel was average, nice view from the balcony over the bay, the staff were pleasant, the room was of a reasonable size and quite comfortable. As with a lot of hotels in the US you had to pay for everything, parking, internet etc. Location is quite good its close to malls and the bayfront area and a short drive to south beach.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jybildstein
<Content>Good hotel for business stays The hotel is rather clean, as was the room.The room was quite nice with a warm decoration, 80-90s style, quite spacious and had a small balcony with a nice view on the bay.The bathroom was OK and the products supplied - soap, shampoo, etc ... of good quality.I regret that the internet access was paying and sometimes quite slow.The meals were irregularly good. The breakfasts were excellent, with a nice view on the marina.The service was generally excellent.I recommend this hotel for business stays.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>beegeeLondon
<Content>friendly staff We stayed in Marriott for 6 days in May with a group of 14. The check-in was a nightmare and our rooms were all over the building and not on one floor as we wanted. The person checking us in was also not prepared to see if this would be possible for later in the week. However, after this experience, things got better. The rooms were a bit small and depending on the lay-out, there was not much room for storing luggage etc. My parents had a corner room which was great with more space and great views. The views were amazing. The staff were extremly helpful througout our stay, whether it was in the restaurant, the bell boys or reception staff, everyone was friendly and asking if we needed anything.The decor of the general areas is a bit dated. Overall, good hotel at great location with friendly staff.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	5	3	

<Author>JBF1964
<Content>Stumbled Early, But Worked Hard To Make Amends We are Marriott Rewards members, but normally are in the Fairfield or Courtyard price range. But, we were coming home from a cruise out of the Miami port, and wanted to treat ourselves. We booked online through the Marriott site and my rewards number, finding a package for pre or post cruisers which included transportation and breakfast. But, just to be sure, I called the hotel a couple of weeks before the trip to find out how they would pick us up at the port (we were first time cruisers). I had to go through two front desk people who didn't understand that we were staying at the end of the cruise and needed to be picked up at the port before I finally got to a customer service rep, named Julisa, and we got it straightened out. It seems most folks use this package when leaving for a cruise rather than at the end.We also had a minor glitch on the rate. Julisa seemed confused about the rate I had booked, but I informed her about the code and where I saw it on the site. I also reminded her nicely that I was a Marriott Rewards member, but could just as easily cross the street to Hilton or somebody else if there was a problem. She said there were some errors in rate codes on the site, but they would glady honor the rate for what we needed.WIth little hesitation, she was able to get things straighted out, let me know how to get transporation from the port (just call and a bellman picked us up) and she said she would arrange to block a room out so we could check in early since our cruise was returning around 8 a.m.There we no problems when we actually arrived in port on July 27. We called as soon as we had our luggage and we had a limo at the curb within 15 min. The bellman who was driving was very helpful and advised us about a 3 hour city tour if we were interested (we were) and he could help arrange it. Once we arrived, we did learn that the room was not quite ready yet, but were offered breakfast if we wanted. We decided instead to take the city tour at 10 am to give them more to get the room prepared. The bellman offered to store the luggage and said he would take it up to the room when it was ready and he did. When Julisa, who was on duty when we checked in, learned I was there, she came over personally, remembered our phone conversation and made sure everything was they way we wanted. We were very satisfied, up to that point, and then went on to the three hour tour which we recommend if you just want a quick view of Miami (South Beach, Little Havana).But, the best was yet to come. When we came back from the tour and checked in, we kept hearing them refer to our room as a suite. For whatever reason, we got upgraded from a room to a suite, at no additional charge. My wife commented the bathroom was almost as big as the stateroom on our ship. The suite was complete with a sitting area, a dining table, a mini-fridge as well as a comfy queen size bed. We also took advantage of the hotel's poolside bar/lunch service and relaxed and prepared for our flight home the next delay. As a Marriott member, I was also offered a choice of freebies: one night free internet, one day of parking, or a free movie on pay per view. We chose the movie, and they took it right back off the bill with no problem at check out.The only glitch we had was the keyboard for the internet on tv was not working. But, a quick call to the front desk and the maintaince people were up in a flash and it was repaired ASAP.Also, unlike Fairfield, they don't have a free internet computer in the lobby. They have a business center where you can access the net at .25 a minute and print out pages at $1 each. I guess they figure most of their business comes from people on expense accounts, but we needed to check in for our flight and print boarding passes.Our room was on a high floor, overlooking the bay, so not only did we have a nice room, we had a really great view. I almost regret we didn't have more time to spend in Miami.Without having to go outside, there's a selection of places to eat and pick up a few grocery items next door at the Doubletree. After having dinner at a Chinese fine dining place, we bought some fresh baked desserts and milk to take back to the room and enjoy along with the free movie.The breakfast was good, with a buffet including a variety of hot items. It was nothing fancy, but there was plenty of breakfast meats, eggs, fruits, baked goods, cereal along with juice and coffee. While in the room, I came across a book that I guess Marriott puts in all their rooms with stories about their people and how they make a difference. You can add Julisa to the list. All she had to do was to make sure we had the transporation and the breakfast and of course the room we paid for and we would have been happy. But, if you're trying to bolster brand loyalty, she made all ther right moves.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>gmm13067
<Content>Super Great Hotel!!!!!!! Our stay at the Marriot Biscayne Bay was fantastic! Every staff member is friendly and overly accomodating. The hotel itself is well kept, clean, and beautiful. The view of the bay is breathtaking, especially at night. The front desk clerk allowed us to view three rooms before we settled on the one we liked best. The valets are extremely helpful and knowledgeable when selecting transportation. The hotel restaurant, Bayside Grill, is wonderful and everything we ordered was delicious and large portioned. An economical but delicious breakfast can be found at the small pastry cafe on the first floor. Overall, this hotel bypassed our expectations by a mile! I can't wait to stay here again and I would recommend it to anyone! Tip: Ask the hotel to get dinner reservations for you at Soprano's Cafe on Lincoln Road. A free limo will pick you up and bring you back. The meal will be great and the people watching is interesting. You can walk aroud and explore Lincoln Road before taking the limo back to the hotel. Great experience!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravlinGurl
<Content>Average Amenities Just returned from a weeklong stay in Miami and have to say that we were not very impressed with this hotel. My boyfriend works for Marriott so we were able to get a room here for a decent rate, but this is the type of hotel that will charge for EVERY little thing you can imagine. There was no free high-speed internet connection, which is pretty standard in nice hotels these days. Instead they were trying to charge something like $15.00 a day for it which we thought was crazy. When looking up the hotel online, I'm pretty sure that the site said a mini fridge was in each room also, and this was nowhere to be found. I agree with others who said the room was incredibly tiny also. The only thing I can say was impressive was the view from the rooms. We stayed on the 22nd floor and although I was scared to step out on the balcony, looking out onto the bay was a great sight.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>LangleyVagabond
<Content>Not what I expected My husband and I stayed here in June to kick off a 2 1/2 week trip. We were going on a cruise out of the Miami port, and then to the Bahams. As we brought scuba gear, we had 4 pieces of luggage. The room was bearly big enough to get all 4 pieces in and still walk around the beds. In all my travels, I can only recall one other hotel room being smaller.We had booked a concierge room, and my only request for the booking was that we could have a king bed. When we arrived they told us they did not have any rooms with a king bed available at all, and that we would have to take two doubles. That did not help the luggage fit into the room any better. The room was also very tired looking. The furniture, fixtures and bedding had certainly seen better days.I do have to admit that the view of the bay was spectacular, when it was not all fogged in. And I did enjoy watching our ship come in on our departure day, even if it was hard to see through the fog. I immagine when you are not there during a tropical storm, the view would be breathtaking.After settling in, we decided to go check out the concierge lounge where we were to be able to get drinks and our daily breakfast. As we approached it, a lady from the hotel asked us rather rudely what we were doing there. We told her we were going to the lounge, and she curtly informed us that it was closed and would not reopen until Sunday. This was the day after we were to leave.The booking information I received had promised all these added bonuses that would come with a room in the concierge category, but they were all available through the lounge...which of course was closed. The hotel did not however have any trouble charging me the extra fee for the services and meals that were to be included, which were not even available.While the food in the Bay View Grill Restaurant was rather good, the restaurant itself was very dirty and set up more like a diner than the high class Grill they made themselves out to be. It takes away from the experience. Clenliness and a table cloth go a long way. The service was also rather unpredictable, as one staff member would behave like you were in a high class restaurant, and the next would just slap something on the table in front of you while passing by.I do have to admit that the bell desk service was awsome, and they truly went out of their way helping us manage all of our bags both at arrival, and getting off to our ship when we departed. Their service was definately 5 star.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>FightOn
<Content>Highly Recommended I only stayed one night for a business function the following day, but my experience was excellent and would lead me to recommend this hotel to anybody traveling to the Miami area.I'm an elite Marriott Rewards member and it can really be hit or miss with the hotels recognizing your elite status. This property gets plenty of kudos for immediately recognizing my status, upgrading me to the concierge level with a room overlooking the Bay and MacArthur Causeway.Conveniently located near the business district, AA Arena, and not far from South Beach or the cruise terminal.Would stay here again next time in Miami!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alt9171964
<Content>another great stay at the marriott stayed at the marriott biscayne bay prior to a cruise in may. stayed here the prior year for a cruise and service and amenities are still top notch. stayed on one of the upper floors had a great view of the bay. front desk personnel and restaurant personal were great. decent location rode the people mover to various stops in miami.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leahmarie
<Content>Nice precruise hotel The price was right so that I cannot complain about. We wanted something that offered a shuttle to the port and that the Marriott did.When we arrived we had a view to the left of the port and couldnt see the ships. It basically was a view of the pools and some yachts. However still nice. The balcony was big and the window was HUGE! No continental breakfast, free internet. There was a restuarant in the hotel and we ate there as soon as we checked in. Our hamburgers were really good but wow, almost $10.00 for one!The bed was the highlight. MOST COMFORTABLE bed I have ever slept in. All down! Amazing. We'd stay again but maybe they can offer a free breakfast!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Swim4speed
<Content>Very nice downtown hotel The hotel was in a good downtown location, right next to the bay. Thebellhop was friendly and volunteered information regarding the hotel and city.The room was nice with two double beds, newer carpeting, newer bedding, and bayside windows. The beds were very comfortable! So comfortable that I looked to see what brand mattress it was. It wasn't a brand I recognized, so I forgot the name already.The gym looked okay, with several different cardio machines and some weights. Of course we all know we cannot expect much from a hotel gym.Overall, we really liked our stay here and would return again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DowntownDC
<Content>Fine place for a room This hotel is located on the waterfront, but not the beach. It's a close distance to south beach, most of the childrens activites in the miami area too. We travelled with our 2 year old. This hotel has seen it's day and needs a remodel, but it's just fine for a place to stay without spending much time onsite. Pool is small and there is no shaded areas, but it's fine for a dip. The food isn't worth ordering, so plan to eat off site if you like good food. The hotel is not in a walkable neighborhood, you'll need a car unless you're there for business in downtown Miami or a conference. Overall a fine stop, just not a destination hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>NYTravelAgent
<Content>Very Satisfied With This Hotel My job as a travel agent affords me the luxury of being able to stay at different locations throughout the year. On a recent trip, I had the opportunity to stay here. The service was wonderful, the room spotless and spacious and the bed was the most comfortable I've slept on! From my 29th floor balcony I had an amazing view. The pool area was clean and well-kept. There is a variety of restaurants to satisfy everyone. Shopping is just a short taxi ride away. I am going on a cruise in October and have already made reservations to stay here the night before.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ajjohnson1
<Content>Nice Nice Nice The hotel is beautiful. Of course its a little costly but its better to stay at a nice place than just anywhere. The staff is very helpful and very friendly. My only problem was that I didnt get the room I paid for. I booked the deluxe bay view on the concierge level/executive level, but was much lower. Other than that, its a great place. The beds are amazing and tooooo comfortable.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KrnAndJoe
<Content>Front Desk Randy was Great to us We flew a red-eye from Long Beach, CA to Ft Lauderdale, Fl on Jet Blue. We were tired upon early morning arrival and feared we would not be able to check into our hotel, but the Marriot Biscayne Bay gave us an early check it AND they upgraded our room to concierge level w/a gorgeous view of the Bay AND all the breakfast, snacks, coffee and bar items we could want from the Concierge lounge for free! Needless to say we had a great time there! It was clean, comfortable and lovely.Three days later we drove to Key Largo and checked into the Azul Del Mar. We stayed in the Seaview King room which had a kitchen sink, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and dishes/utensils. The bathroom was small, but everything else was clean and spacious. Every morning a basket of warm pastries and yogurt arrived on our doorstep and we enjoyed them in bed or overlooking the ocean. We had dinner at the very busy Hobo's and it was ok. I would not eat at Captain somethings Fish and Chips shack--they would not let me bring my bottled water in even though I said I was pregnant and would only be drinking water. The hostess said they sold bottled water and I'd have to buy theirs. I wish I could remember the name of this restaurant that was promptly left. Tower of Pizza was pretty good.Anyway, after enjoying John Pennekamp state park snorkeling, we drove back to South Beach and stayed at The Standard. That was a DUMP! The spa, pool and dining were nice, but the building and accommodations were not that clean or nice compared to their website. The front desk check-in service was sub par.Prior to flying back on an early flight, we spent one night at the Hilton Ft. Lauderdale Airport. It was affordable, clean, comfortable and convenient. Nice music by the pool, snacks in the lobby area and a 24hr complimentary airport shuttle.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jph948
<Content>Convenient, Spacious and Modern       Marina View from our hotel room, 6th floor  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>czinoc
<Content>Loved it! I wish I could give this hotel more than 5 stars! We had the most lovely weekend. Flew into Miami early Saturday, Easter weekend prior to a short Mon.-Fri. cruise. I was pleasantly shocked to find out that we could check in at 11:30 am. As a Marriott member (sign up- if for nothing more than the yummy chocolate covered graham crackers and cold bottled water at check-in), we politely asked for a view of even a sliver of ships to get excited for our trip, and got a room with the most AMAZING view on the 23rd floor overlooking the port. We didn't get much sleep for two nites-left the curtains open, and every morning at 5 am, we were mezmorized watching the ships come into port (It's amazing to watch how the maneuver!!!). Coffee pot in the room came in handy pre-dawn!The hotel was lovely, and the service unsurpassed. Food at the resturaunt was very good (the breakfast buffet is excellent). The pool is heavilly shaded until early afternoon- pull chairs to the hammock area on the bayside of floor 5 to get max morning sun. Pool bar doesn't open until 12; a soda and a rum runner was about $12 which didn't seem unreasonable for a weekend indulgence. There's really nothing in walking distance, but two quick claps from the bellman got us a cab anywhere in Southbeach for $20, Bayside marketplace for less than $10. We will be back!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shri420
<Content>A very satisfactory Miami hotel experience The Marriott Biscayne Bay proved to be a very good choice for the two of us during a five day conference stay. The conference venues were both in Miami Beach and in Miami--at the nearby Carnival Center--about a three block walk. (The conference ran shuttles to Miami Beach, but we relied mostly on taxis).From the moment of arrival we were treated well--cordial service with our luggage, check-in was smooth and we found we had a bay view room that was clean and fresh and altogether very satisfactory. Except for one misbehaving elevator, the elevator service was satisfactory for a hotel of this size.The lights in the room were actually bright enough to read by; the housekeeping services were efficient--and when we made a special request, not only was the matter dealt with promptly, there was a follow-up call to make sure all was now ok.Some reviewers have mentioned the location--it is NOT in the center of things, but a block and a half to the north loop of the People Mover gives ready (and free) access to Downtown and on down to Brickell--with a same platform transfer. If there was a downside to the hotel, it was that their restaurant was understaffed. The hotel was pretty much fully booked between our convention and the flow of pre- and post-cruise visitors, but the waitstaff were just overwhelmed. The folks we had wait on our table were great individuals with friendly personalities, but we saw some people leave without ordering because of having a concert to make.At the concierge desk in the lobby there is a dedicated computer for checking in 'online' with airlines.There is an inside passage to a small shopping and food corridor between this hotel and the one next door--useful for inexpensive snacks and small meals, especially when time is a constraint.We had a great time--frankly thought it was one of the best Marriott hotels we'd experienced. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yacoub
<Content>Had a great stay       from my room at night  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>illinineil
<Content>Nice rooms - just just ok Stayed one night for business.Location is nice of course. Room had a nice view with a sliding door that opened for fresh air. Room appeared to have been somewhat updated - new bed, furniture etc. Bathroom felt old.Public areas were really dated. Lots of shiney gold stuff everywhere. Restaurant felt like it was out of the 60's.Service in the restaurant sucked bad - charged me full price buffet for a small bowl of oatmeal and some fruit - did not have time to fight it. That left me with a bad impression.I might stay here again - or I might not.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ute_fan
<Content>Nice pre-cruise stay We stayed at the Biscayne Bay Marriott in November, 2006, for a one-night pre-cruise stay. The hotel was fine. It was extremely windy the night we were there and we were conscious of quite a bit of noise caused by the wind, but the hotel certainly can't control the weather. Our room was tucked into kind of a corner and was fairly odd shaped and not as large as some of the others we saw when we left the next morning. The bed was very comfortable! The bathroom was laid out in a rather strange fashion. The sink area was located in a small hallway right outside the toilet/tub area. We grabbed a quick bite to eat in one of the lounges, since our flight arrived fairly late in the evening. The food was very good, but the service was extremely slow.We enjoyed going outside the next morning and being able to see our cruise ship right across the way. We ate breakfast in at the buffet and thought it was fine. We thought the hotel was rather expensive compared to most hotels we've stayed in -- but rates in Miami appear to run higher than most other areas we've stayed in. If we choose to cruise from Miami again, we would include this hotel in our list of options.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>TiaEsq2006
<Content>It's OK I stayed at this hotel recently. The room was OK. No major complaints. I didn鈥檛 feel as impressed by the Marriot overall, like others have posted. I stayed here because I was staying with someone attending a conference. Major problem with this hotel and the surrounding area is that nothing is open during the late night hours, even the weekend. No bar, no restaurant, nothing. The attached omni center has bars, restaurants etc., but none stay open late. I would think that considering the area, the hotel or at least the double tree next door would have some place to grab a drink or quick bite around 2-4am on weekends. Anyways, I was told that the closest option was south beach or bayside. I already knew that and that is where I spent a majority of my time (especially bayside). I just couldn鈥檛 understand why the hotel or adjacent hotels didn鈥檛 provide this type of option. I wasn鈥檛 looking for a full fledged grand bar scene but just a little something if I didn鈥檛 feel like going into sobe for the night. Geez.I will say that the gym is awesome. Machines are in great condition. The view while working out is amazing and it actually motivates you to go and work out. The beds feel great but are very small, so if you are not sleeping next to your significant other BEWARE.One more thing, do not book this hotel and rely on the 鈥渟outh beach shuttle.鈥?It wasn鈥檛 even running during my stay and the concierge gave some long drawn out explanation as to why. So if you are looking for a hotel like the Marriott Biscayne that is far removed from the craziness of sobe but yet, you would like to go into sobe for some entertainment make sure you get info as to the shuttle and whether or not it is running in advance. And if you are budget minded, instead of taking a cab to sobe you can go over to the public buses at the omni station about 2 blocks away and take the 鈥淐鈥?. It may take a while to come at night but it鈥檚 only $1.50 and just a 10 min ride at that.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	-1	3	2	

<Author>zProsperity
<Content>Love Love this Hotel!!!       View from Window 3 - nice view (cloudy day)  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CD916
<Content>Nice hotel My husband and I stayed here the night before our cruise. Excellent choice, the room was clean and updated.We loved the comfortable king bed with the luxury linens. We had a simple dinner in the resturant. The portions where great, and the food was good. We also had breakfast in the resturant the next morning. The prices are a little high for breakfast. I opted for the breakfast sandwich, and recommend it highly! Again, the sandwich was huge and very good. My husband had a breakfast quesadilla he said was also very tasty. The staff was friendly and helpful. The only issue is that the elevators and escalators could use updating, but I never waited for a elevator because there are plenty. All and all, good place to stay if you are taking a cruise out of Miami. The taxi was $8.00 to the cruiseport.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox
<Content>Roach hotel I went for a 4 day buisness trip and saw 5 roaches in that time. I saw 2 my first night, one in the bathroom and one on the curtain not far from the bed. I had already been there all day so I was totally unpacked but I still insisted in swiching rooms. There was a roach in the closet 2 days after that, and the rest I saw in the bathroom. I would have switched hotels in a heartbeat except i was stuck there for a conference. Additionally, the hotel restaurant was not accomodating to my diatary needs.The only upsides were the gym, and that all of the rooms have terraces.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>HappyTraveler68
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View from the cruise ship  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jodola
<Content>Marriott Stop Over Nice enough hotel but shame about location. Not much in area and limited food at night. Don't get me wrong, clean, good service etc but we'd picked it as somewhere safe to stay as we were just about to go off to Costa Rica and wanted to know we had somewhere to leave some bags and be there on the return visit. In hindsight, we should have picked South Beach and took our chances on somewhere around there, as it was, we just got the 20 minute bus journey each day to South Beach.Marriot is safe choice but you're not really experiencing Miami, it's just somewhere to stay.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hdblue
<Content>Another wonderful stay The people make this hotel. The hotel is wonderful, dont get me wrong, great rooms, great view, great location...but the staff is five star. They are wonderful people who always remember you, always take care of you and you genuinely feel they really enjoy what they do. For those of us who travel alot, really a hotel is a hotel...some are nicer then others...but the people always make the biggest difference. Wonderful new beds are in now, the fitness room (3 stories at the top of the hotel) is fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Greataunt
<Content>An average Marriott We stay at Marriott properties often and I would describe this one as average. We were there for the NASDAQ tennis tournament out on Key Biscayne and found the roads around the hotel rather dug up. After a battle at the front desk to get the Concierge Level room that I had reserved, the experience improved.As others have indicated, the rooms are on the small side. The bed was very comfortable and the linens of a good quality. Michael, the Concierge Lounge attendant, was delightful. We enjoyed the pool and jacuzzi. If you're doing the tourist thing the location is not ideal. Overall, there are better places to atay in Miami.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and location!! Two weeks ago, my wife and I stayed at the Marriott before and after our cruise and really enjoyed it! The staff was consistently nice and very helpful. We were close to some of the best stores and restaurants, especially the port. We had a great experience and would love to go back. It was a really good value for such wonderful service.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Girl_Meets_World
<Content>Nice stay at a nice hotel We stayed at the Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay Hotel for one night before going on a Bahamas Cruise. We chose this hotel because of the location to the Port of Miami as well as reviews submitted to Trip Advisor. The customer service was okay. The help desk was friendly. Our flight was an overnight flight so we checked into the hotel about 12:30 a.m., so it was late at night. Room service closed at 1:00 a.m. but they still let us order and we ordered a chicken wrap sandwich that was so delicious! ($20, expensive, but delicious.)Our room was really tiny, but very clean. Probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. We paid about $309, and paid a little extra for a deluxe bayview room. We did have a spectacular view of Biscayne Bay with a tiny balcony. So we had all view with little room.The bed was very comfortable so we had a great night sleep. The shower on the other hand was atrocious. Something had happened to the plumbing in our room so the only water choices were Hot and Boiling Hot. And there was no water pressure coming out of the showerhead, which probably was good to avoid being scalded. We did call maintenance to come and fix the shower, but they came so late that we had already gotten dressed and we were ready to check out of the hotel when they finally came. After telling this to one of the managers, even though she was very courteous and polite, they still didn't discount the price of the room at all, which we thought was poor customer service.We did enjoy the location of the hotel and walked a short 5 minute walk to the Omni Walk people mover that travels around downtown Miami. It is a FREE service that transports you to where you want to go in that area. The hotel was very helpful in giving us directions and instructions on how to use, get to, etc. We took the Omni Walk to Bayside Marketplace (which is another 5 minute walk from the Omni Station.) Bayside was alot of fun with great places to eat and lots of places to shop. We even booked a short 1 1/2 hour boat bay cruise at Bayside that takes you to show you Millionaire's Row where all of the celebrities have their homes in Miami (about $15/person). It was a fun tour and well worth the time and money.Overall, we did like the Miami Marriott. We have always had good experiences at Marriott hotels. The lobby is gorgeous and the hotel is very nice and clean, just like the pictures on Trip Advisor show. You get what you see. And the location of the hotel is in the business district, but right on the bay so you still get the great views. Next time, we'll just ask for a bigger room. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous, Beautiful Hotel I loved this hotel! I stayed there for a week during a business trip. While I did not select to stay at the hotel, I was thrilled to see where they placed me. With amazing views of the bay and a central location practically across the street from the people mover, it is an ideal place for tourists. The pool is absolutely fantastic and the quad-pooled jacuzzi was to die for! The staff was absolutely fantastic and extremely helpful.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Where to go nextt
<Content>Sorry - but you  This hotel is very clean , smart and comfortable.Excellent views over the Bay  the Marina  the staff are all very willing to please .However , the hotel is located in an area of intense buiding work  the nearby Omni Mall is simply awful.The restaurant whilst offering good service , the menu is lacking and on the one time we did eat there in the evening the food was served cold  my companion had their side order delivered half way through their meal !!. All in all given the location I wished I had stayed longer over in South Beach this hotel was not as good as the reviews indicate .I think both you  they could do better.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Pre-Cruise Choice Second time staying at this hotel for a pre-cruise stop (First time May 01) and they seem to get better every time I go. Had the Cruise package with the breakfast and the food was good. View of the Port and the Marine were great Walked the 10mins to the Bayside Marketplace but could have taken the shuttle for $3. Asked staff for a good restuarant for dinner and the gentleman spent 8-10 mins asking what I wanted and gave suggestions and went we choose South Beach, arranged a van taxi for my party of 5. Package came with transfer to the Cruise Port which was just in the Hotel Shuttle Van and the driver was talking to us on the way and was very friendly. The outdoor pool and hot tub on deck 5 is excellent but the pool is a little small. My only concern was that the 11 o'clock checkout was hectic due to a conference in the hotel and we waited over 30 minutes to get an elevator from the 24th floor. I had to walk down to stairs and stand in line for 12 mins to check out and let the Shuttle driver know why we were delayed.Overall, I plan to stay at this hotel every pre-cruise trip out of Miami.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super small room with a nice view We stayed at this hotel for New Year's. The property is very nice, the people are friendly and the view is breath taking. The room was super small for the $279 we paid. The bathroom was tiny. the balcony was tiny as well. I read a review before booking stating these same things and I did not believe it until I was there. Extremely small room. We stay in several hotels in Miami/Ft.Lauderdale throughout the year and by far this has been the smallest room I have seen. The bed is very comfortable but again it takes up most of the room. I will not return to this hotel only because I feel I do not get my monies worth.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	1	1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SLHGalen
<Content>I love this Marriott       Bay View from room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SouthernGal
<Content>Enjoyable Stay Stayed here after Wilma for an appt. in Miami. Surprised that they were up and running. The staff was very accomodating. We had concierge level because that was the only rate available. The room where the complimentary food were had an awesome view. The food was O.K. I wouldn't pay extra for it. Our room had a balcony facing the bay and Miami port. The view was nice because we caught a very pretty sunset over the city. Our visit was short but enjoyable for Miami. As I said before the staff was very nice. The next morning when we were rushing to get to our appt. our car wouldn't start. The valet mgr. had it jumped and had us moving within 20 mins. Beds are very comfortable. Room and bathroom average size. Overall experience very nice. We are returning on Nov. 23 for a concert and are staying at the Marriott again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jcrosby
<Content>Good Value...away from the hustle of South Beach Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Marriott Biscayne Bay. This hotel is located directly on Biscayne Bay with great views of the bay and the cruise ship seaport. The hotel is not fancy but it provides clean, comfortable rooms at a modest price. The best feature of these rooms (besides the views) are the ultra comfortable beds. The rooms are somewhat small when compared to other resort-style hotels. The pool area is adequate, I never encountered more than a few people there at any given time. The concierge service was very helpful as they were able to secure all of our reservation requests. The hotel is a short distance to both the Bayside shopping complex and the American Airlines Arena. If your looking for the action and atmosphere of South Beach, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a hotel to retreat to after experiencing South Beach then this is the place. The staff was friendly and accomodating albeit our room was not ready at the 4pm check-in time. Our party was given a complementary beverage in the lounge while the rooms were prepared. Valet parking is available however I recommend the $17.00/day self parking. A bay-view room may result in early morning wake-up calls generated by the charter fishing boats, or the ultra loud cigarette boats departing from the marina.The hotel is popular with pre/post cruise guests as well as airline crews.Overall the Marriott Biscayne Bay is a good value.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>parkinsd
<Content>Marvelous choice We used TripAdvisor to select this hotel, and found it excellent for us. Easy to find from the airport, close to the freeways, close to Bayside Marketplace and Parrot Jungle, and a quick hop to the Miami Beach Freeway. Our room had a beautiful view of the bay, service was prompt, and the hotel has a convenient internet computer office for guests. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chiefy
<Content>Excellent few days in Miami Booked this Marriott based on the many good reviews I read on TripAdvisor. The closer it got to my travel dates, a few less than stellar reviews showed up. I would like to set your mind at ease and assure you that you cannot go wrong here.I stayed here for three nights as part of a conference in Miami Beach, and was very pleased. Several of the conference attendees I spoke with were unhappy with their choices at other hotels, but I was extremely pleased.Check in was flawless, and I was treated as though I was their only guest. A quick elevator ride up to my room, and I discovered a clean, very comfortable room with a $500 a night view of the marina, the bay, and the beach. The bed was very comfortable, and the room extremely clean. No noise complaints here, and even the planes from nearby Miami Int'l Airport can't be heard unless you open the sliding glass doors to the balcony.Sevice was excellent, efficient, and pleasant. Ordered two times from room service, and it was quick, hot, and what I asked for...what more could you want??Took the nearby people mover to Bayside Mall..I would reccomend a $5 cab ride instead. Bayside was great...everything from a Hard Rock Cafe, to Bubba Gumps, to a few dozen shops and restaurants..very nice area to walk around and enjoy...right on the water, so it was great for people watching too.If you need a clean, comfortable room, with all of the amenities you would expect from a Marriott, book with confidence! I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjamesChicago
<Content>Look Anywhere Else This hotel is highly overrated. The area is under big-time construction. Stayed based on the other reviews and was greatly disappointed. The valet staff was about the only saving grace of this hotel.I am a Honored Guest member, but was given the worst room of the three in my travelling party, even though I was the only member. The hotel restaurant was very slow - we started serving our selves, the pool service was non existant, the room was outdated and the locks to the outside not fully functional. Lastly, the hallway noise was very loud but yet Security was very slow to respond.What makes this worse is that when this was reported to the hotel and Marriott Corporate there was no response. I would never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>woolpitch
<Content>Some good and some bad points Stayed here for three nights in Sept 05.Good: handy location, easy to get to Miami Beach  US1 / very friendly staff / good restaurant (if a little overpriced - but that's what you expect for the convenience, I guess) / nice views over the Bay  city / easy parking - you just use your room key to get in and out of the lot / quiet areaBad: Quite dated decor - very early 60s I would guess / balcony terrifyingly small! / housekeeping seemed to get to our section either very early (about 7.30am) or very late (about 7pm - just as were getting ready to go out)A short drive away is Bayside, which has some good waterfront restaurants and shops.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great People make this a great hotel ! My family stayed at the Marriott Biscayne Bay for five days in August and I recommend this hotel highly ! I regularly stay in hotels across the world and this stay was up there with the best ! I spent several days researching hotels in the Miami area and used Trip Advisor reviews as a major influence on our decision so I hope this helps. I found everything from the pool, the beds, the bathrooms and the fascilities to be excellent but what made this hotel superb for my family (with 3 kids) was the staff. From the moment we walked in we were made to feel welcome by the valets, the concierges and reception staff. Our kids even commented how at home they felt. We payed extra by staying on the concierge level (26th floor, room 2618) and it was well worth the money. The breakfasts were superb, the snacks in the afternoon great and the views were spectacular. I cannot praise Aurora highly enough for looking after us. We were guided to the best sights (SoBe, Lincoln Road, Little Havana etc.), where to eat (Bayside is great and pretty reasonable as well) and even suggested some local tours to consider, which we did and enjoyed. We had a car so getting around was fine and nothing seemed to take more than 15 minutes, max. We happened to be at the hotel when Katrina hit so we were a little apprehensive but all of the staff made us feel safe, gave us plenty of tips on what to prepare for just in case and were always proactive in ensuring our children felt secure. If we ever go back (which I am sure we will) there is only one hotel I will consider (and we had a look a quite a few along Collins and Ocean just for fun). We made the right decision !  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>asianPrince-S
<Content>excellent location with the stunning view over the South Beach Picture this, from your window, you will get to see the 3 bridges stretched to the farther to the horizon where south beach sits with glittering lights.One bridge goes through a posh neighborhoold island, the others lead you directly to the southern tip of South beach where you can park your car easily.I did not know all this until we checked into the hotel and I was still gruntling that there was no hotel available on South Beach during our visit. But we had a car.This time of the season was not the best to visit Miami, I was told and indeed I was surprised to see one dominant race-Latino on the beach, there was no muscle marrys or big party nights going on. I guessed Laino people were very modest in that way. But this hotel stay really outshined all the quiet scenes as it provided the best view from Miami. The other comparable area being developed along the water was the financial Biscayne road area down south; but the view from their location is far flatter than from this hotel location. Although the decor was those from early 90s, it did not look shabby at all. And if you have a car, which I strongly recommend, you will find that it is very easy to get around the city as well as getting on the bridge to the Miami beach, which will take 10-15 min even in the rush hour traffic. And, once you know where the parking buildings are, you will never get frustrated finding the off street parking spaces.Another surprise was the breakfast buffet. This is the MUST feature in the hotel. You will find staff genuinely welcome you there and food is served really hot and cooked in front of you. And, I tried to remember when I had this good breakfast in any hotel in the past? Maybe once or twice in a European hotel in the past decade, but not in the USA. It cost about $20 each but it is the next best feature of the hotel.The guest self-parking is recommended as the valet parking tend to take longer and the staff at the front desk were all smiley. Maybe, it is because I am from Boston, where locals are all reserved and with attitudes, but this was a great getaway and Marriot Biscayne really left me a good impression.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at this hotel over the weekend and I highly recommend it. The hotel is very nice and clean and the rooms are very cozy and almost all rooms have great views of the bay. The beds are extremely comfortable and the bathrooms are nice and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The area where the hotel is located is kind of dead but the hotel is right around the corner from the bus and train station where you can catch the train to downtown Miami and supposedly there is a bus that will take you to south beach. They told us the S bus will take us there but we didn't want to get lost so pretty much the whole time we were there we cabbed it to South Beach. A cab ride to South Beach costs about 12-15 dollars each way from the hotel.  Unfortunately, the last day I was in town I found out from a bellman that there is a shuttle called Fascination Transport that takes you from the hotel to South Beach and back about every hour or 2 hours for only 3 dollars per person each way. This same shuttle also goes to Bayside which us is a great, beautiful place to visit. I wish I would have asked about this shuttle earlier because it is very convenient. I also want to add that conncected to the hotel right off the lobby is a food court and a couple of stores that you should definitely check out for some great snacks, sandwhiches n stuff. They also sell liquor down there too. The hotel also has a breakfast buffet for about 15 dollars per person that has a great choice of breakfast foods and there is a lady there who makes really tasty omeletes of your choice for you.  All in all, this is an excellent hotel and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ress
<Content>Ho-hum Fine, but kind of tired and out of date. Brown and more brown, including the shower water at first. Nothing to get angry at but little to make you glad you are staying there. Valet parking service was excellent and access by car to the Miami Beach Convention Center is excellant via the Venetian Causeway. Great jogging/walking route out on the causeway. There doesn't seem to be much else in the area except lots of construction.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris2234
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were only due to stay at the Marriott one night but due to Hurricane Dennis we stayed 2 nights. The Hotel is very impressive with excellent facilities and a great location, the views over the bay are wonderful. The Metro transit is right outside and just minutes from Bayside which is a must visit area. Miami Beach and the Art Deco district are also easily reached. Our rooms were large, very clean and provided everything you could need, very comfortable beds. Dinner and breakfast were both very good and very reasonably priced. We used the valet parking which was very well managed, never waited more than a couple of minutes for our car. All the staff we met were very friendly. We really could not fault this hotel and would not hesitate to make it our 1st choice when we return to Miami.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveler7
<Content>Outstanding Marriott This is a terrific hotel. Great location, friendly, accommodating staff, full service. The Bay View Restaurant and most of the guest rooms have fabulous marina views, with cruise ships beyond. Nice to see the ship you may be cruising on sail into port. They have shuttle service to nearby South Beach and to the Bayside Market at a nominal fee. The rooms are tastefully and elegantly decorated; many have balconies. Public and meeting rooms are most attractive. Service throughout the hotel is excellent. Rates are reasonable for the quality of this resort. Sorry, no pictures, but you can view these on the hotel web site.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Standard chain hotel Stayed on the 14th floor in a standard king room. Hotel is a huge standard chain hotel. Nothing particulary good about it. Recommend breakfast in your room as the food and service in the breakfast restaurant was not good. Very comfy bed.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel My boyfriend and I just returned from a short trip to Miami. We loved this hotel. The price was reasonable even for us being college students. We were taken care of from the time we walked in until we left. Checking into the hotel took maybe 2 minutes and we arrived at the hotel hours before check in time. The room was much larger than we expected. We were very pleasantly surprised. The bed is to die for! Outside is very nice with an area to swin and an upper level area to lay out. Overall the apperance of the hotel was VERY clean. The staff was the best I have ever encountered. We had a late flight on the day we were to check out and we were offered to keep our room until 2pm without charge. I will be back to stay here again soon!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We checked in on Friday June 10th in the middle of Tropical Storm Arlene. The staff at this hotel is second to none. From the valet who parks your car to the maid who cleans your room (never saw one but my room was always immaculate - who could ask for more?) this hotel is first class all the way. We had a spectacular view of the Marina below and the location, being close to both South Beach and Downtown Miami, was just right. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a great place to stay in the greater Miami area.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lytham
<Content>Great welcome to Miami Stayed here April 2005 the hotel is overlooking the intercoastal with views of the water, and cruise ships. Rooms very comfortable and restaurant excellent. Pool area clean and quiet not much happening at night in the hotel but near to Bayside by hotel bus every 30 minutes or to South beach by hotel bus. Staff friendly would stay here again  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>miami biscayne bay is tha bomb! Actually I have stayed here twice and everytime I stay, I wanna come back. The rooms and the service are second to none.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Pre Cruise stay We stayed at the Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay 2 nights before and 2 nights after our cruise in Dec 04 and loved our stay. Their entire staff was very curtious and always helpful. Our room pre cruise had a view of the cruise ships and port, post cruise the Miami skyline. Both were beautiful views, expcially at night. We even saw fireworks one night from our balcony. The room was very clean, comfortable and larger than average hotel rooms. The hotel complex had several restaurants in house to choose from and all we tried were delicious. There really is not anything in the area to see or do but we took a very short metro ride(free) to the Bayside Market,lots of shopping, eating to do there!!! The hotel also had a van that would take us to South Beach for a very nominal fee (around $4each) The van also took us to the cruise ship for departure(also around $4each). The Marriott took very good care of us and we look forward to staying there again before our cruise in Sept 05.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>madasadug
<Content>Hotel was fine but the restaurant was bad! We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights between 26 and 28 March 2005. This was a post cruise hotel that we booked during our cruise.We were guided by reviews we had read on tripadvisor which were all good.The hotel was quite expensive but we decided we would give it a try.When I booked I requested an early check in of 11am. We arrived sooner than anticipated at 9am. The receptionist was very nice and was able to offer us a smoking room straight away but we decided to wait for a non smoking. She told us we would have to wait till noon for it. Luckily it ended up being ready at 10am.Our room had a partial see view and was very roomy. It was clean and well decorated. The hotel also has a nice pool area.Unfortunately the location of the hotel is not the best. There are next to no shops or restaurants in the immediate area although there is a free monorail service a few hundred yards form the hotel which takes you to Bayside which has a few good shops and restaurants. Be aware though, there are a few dodgy characters about.The first night we decided to eat in the hotel....big mistake!The service was bad, the restaurant was freezing and we spent a fortune.Don't use this restaurant if you are staying in the hotel. The bars are also very over priced.The second night we asked reception staff if they could recommend anywhere for a good meal. They suggested Sopranos in Lincoln Road, South Beach. This Italian restaurant operates a limo pick up and drop off service for free and the food is good too!On the whole we were a bit disappointed with this hotel mainly because of the price we paid and the poor service in the restaurant. Fine for a one night stay if you get a good deal.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service! My husband and I just returned from a two-night stay at the Biscayne Bay Marriott. We were in town for the Miami Boat Show. Part of the show was actually at the hotel, which made staying there even better! The hotel was hopping, but the Marriott had more than enough staff on to serve everybody well. We were a little worried because it looked like a mob scene when we pulled up, but they had something like 5 valets on staff and they all did a great job of running around and attending to the many, many guests who needed them. The first night we ate at the hotel restaurant. The food was really good and the service even better. It's a little pricey, but not marked up more than you would expect from an on-site hotel restaurant. The first night we also forgot our toothpaste and the staff brought it right up and then called to make sure that we received it, a nice touch. Our room was very nice and more spacious than a lot of 'regular' rooms I have seen. Our view was awesome and it was nice to go out on the balcony in the am and pm and enjoy the weather and the view. If in the area, we would definately consider staying at this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay My husband and I stayed here recently before a cruise. We had a room on an upper floor with a wonderful view of the cruise ships and the bay. The accommodations were very nice, the staff was friendly, and the bed was super comfy! A short cab ride took us to the Bayside Marketplace where we enjoyed a nice dinner outdoors overlooking the water. We chose this hotel because of the recommendations we read on this web site and we were not disappointed. We'll definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lconeal
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! My husband and I stayed here for one night in December, 1996, before leaving for a cruise. The hotel was very impressive. We had a room on one of the upper floors, with a magnificent view of the ocean from our balcony. The hotel staff was very friendly and professional. We stopped by the front desk that evening, and asked for directions to the Bayside Marketplace. The clerk recommended that we take a cab instead of walking (for safety reasons), and gave us brochures on the marketplace. The marketplace was only a 5 minute cab ride from the hotel, and was absolutely wonderful! We loved the open-air design of the mall, the palm trees decorated with pink Christmas lights, and the Cuban restaurants. The 2 hour boat ride which leaves from the dock right outside the marketplace is not to be missed! My husband and I sat on the deck enjoying the ocean breezes, the calypso music, and the views of celebrity homes along Miami Beach, pointed out by a very pleasant tour guide. The tour guide kindly made blankets available for anyone who happened to get chilly. The boat even had a small snack bar in the lower level. Definitely a good deal for less than $10 a person (although that was 8 years ago - the price might have gone up since then).Overall, my husband and I were very pleased! Our only complaint was that the hotel does not (at least it didn't in 1996) have an indoor pool.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Real Nice Beds! The nicest room I've ever been in. The beds are VERY comfortable. You just sink into it and you never want to get up. We had a nice balcony view of the city, arena, and cruise ships. I was truly impressed with the hotel because it was joined another hotel with a small mini mall in the middle. It had the best coffee shop for breakfast. I pay $4.50 for eggs, toast, bacon, sausage and juice. It's not walking distance to any place near, but you can take the hotel shuttle for a $1 to Bayside Market. My friend and I didn't have any change and the shuttle driver let us pay him when he came back to pick us up. And much to our surprise, he did the same thing for two other females that were waiting for him also. So I thought that was nice of him. MBB is a very nice hotel and I'd stay there again. I've tried to make reservations to stay there again, but it's currently $179 a nite. Just a little to pricey for me right now.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lindytoo
<Content>Worth the taxi fares!       Hotel pool and jacuzzi.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very comfortable   showReview(2970703, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad Not grand   showReview(2957363, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milljcra
<Content>Loved the Marriott!   showReview(2875773, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel stay, great room, great view   showReview(2617659, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriott   showReview(2582834, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caribbean Joe
<Content>Great for Pre-Cruise Wedding Stay   showReview(2459245, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llcook00
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(1774656, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1763151, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DREAMTOTRAVEL
<Content>Best Hotel   showReview(1532170, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the marriott   showReview(970446, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paolofish
<Content>buon rapporto qualit脿-prezzo   showReview(13930992, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Voncha
<Content>recomendable   showReview(13594059, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres belle vue a faire au moins une fois   showReview(11337040, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

