<Author>sharc84
<Content>Great hotel in fab location       View of the hotel from Powell Street  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Loz003
<Content>Excellent stay Location:Excellent location - the next block is where the cable car is, so it's very easy to get to. Union Square is the hub of the shopping in the city centre...good place to exercise your plastic. Before I went people were saying that San Fran has a lot of homeless people and a lot of needles...the reality is that there are homeless in all major cities and we didn't find this any more than normal. We saw no needless anywhere in San Fran. We felt very safe in the location of the hotel and you could easily get to where you needed to.Staff:Very friendly staff from the front desk, the housekeeper and the conceirge. No complaints at all - everyone was very helpful.Room:Only slight negative is that the room we stayed in was very...shall we say compact. But the reality is you don't need a massive room as you're never in the room for long in the first place. If you can, avoid the rooms in the corner of the hotel, as they seem to be the smallest. Our friends, who paid the same price as we did, stayed in the middle rooms and their room was considerably bigger. Amenities in the room including the bathroom products were good - we liked the products - minty and natural. The room was clean, which is the most important thing and the bed was very comfortable.Top tip:5.30pm-6.30pm - residents get free wine tasting...I'm sure this is until they get their license sorted but until then...a great way to start the night!Recommend?...Definitely! We loved San Fran and we will be staying at the Larkspur again when we visit again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MNDC
<Content>Nice staff - but the hotel is WAY overrated and overpriced After reading the other reviews on this site I expected to have a great experience here.Pros: The staff were friendly and helpful, there was a good computer setup with printer in the lobby, and the location was good.Cons: TINY, DARK ROOM full of ugly, massive furniture. Although the room was as large as some others I have had in SF, the layout made it very uncomfortable.Punchline: This place is basically just OK, and way overpriced.Next time I'll stay at the Chancellor, the Mosser, or even the Baldwin.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>hisons
<Content>It was great!! Just stayed at the Larkspur last weekend and was very pleased! It's a charming boutique hotel. Staff was super friendly  helpful about everything. Room was small, but nice furnishings, really good toiletries, great TV, very comfortable bed. Windows provided fresh air...ceiling fan had remote and 3 speeds. Clock radio had CD player. Huge closet (our friend joked another person could sleep in there!) Robes provided, Starbucks coffee packets in room, apples  newspapers in lobby, free wine reception in evenings. Our reservation had a continental breakfast ticket with a pastry, yogurt, and attendant made cappucinos or lattes (it's way behind front desk area; there's a breakfast room and fireplace, chess set,  internet back there). Our room as the 4th floor on the side of the building, so it was pretty quiet (except sirens, which you can't do anything about in the city.) We had a nice view of nearby buildings during the sunset. One of the greatest things was the LOCATION!!! Perfect for all Union Square, Chinatown, cable car, nightclubs, etc activities. The hotel recommended a parking area that was about $54 for the 2 days (a lot, but some were even more expensive than that!) I would say highly recommended if you're not a snob (in which case, stay at the Westin St. Francis or Sir Francis Drake.) Everyone else will like it....historic building that withstood the 1906 earthquake! But it's newly remodeled.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DEN31
<Content>Delightful SF experience! Enjoyed a 2 night stay at this recently renovated gem 9/10-9/12 and very much enjoyed my stay!THE PLUSES:* Front Desk staff were superb, especially Irene and Michael.* A half block off Powell - you'll hear cable cars from your room and can zip down to Market or over Nob Hill easily* Delicious coffee service in lobby. I'm a coffee snob. Theirs is wonderful. Also coffeepots in room, so if you need a cup of coffee so you can go downstairs to get a cup of coffee, you got it* Complimentary SF Chronicle in the lobby. It's nice to get local flavor on the news instead of the traditional USAToday left on the doorstep.* Charming period notes in the room ( frosted glass window slats in the bathroom, period doors to closets and bath ) offset by modern luxuries ( flat panel display in room, Lather bath accessories )* Large windows offering plenty of light and fresh airNow, lots of reviewers comment on the room size. Yep, they are modest. I was in standard room 710 and found it to be smallish - but c'mon, people, you're in downtown SF in a historic building! If you want a big room, BOOK A BIG ROOM - they offer larger rooms than standard.Also, only one elevator on site - again, a retrofitted older building .... I'd rather enjoy ANY elevator than the walk up 7 flights (though the walk down was fine!)I enjoyed my time so much I'm considering switching my upcoming reservation at another property over to Larkspur.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>marketingmaven
<Content>A++++ in Every Way The Larkspur's recent renovations have made this hotel A+++. We stayed in a suite (room 516) with a wonderful view and enjoyed the spacious, well-appointed accomodations. Our room's bedroom, sitting room and bathroom were all spacious and the maid service was impeccable. We booked online and all of our requests were granted--a corner room with a view, a fridge, a pack-n-play (for a little one) complete with turndown. The free wine happy hours, free wireless, free business center (including use of computers and printers), free fresh apples, toy basket for the kids, and the service with a smile were so refreshing, especially at the great rate we got through the AAA discount. The location on Sutter Street in Union Square was very good, especially for shopping and the trolley (which stopped half a block away). Lori's Diner, a few doors down, was convenient for breakfast as well. We had considered the Hotel 480, but were glad we picked the Larkspur--the Hotel 480 was in the middle of some streetside renovations and was more expensive. For those with children, the suite can't be beat, and nearby, at Macy's, the foodcourt is a great alternative to restaurants that cater to adults only.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flynn78
<Content>Super Choice in San Francisco We decided to stay at the Larkspur (formerly the Cartwright) after reading a review in a local newspaper. We then checked it out on Trip Advisor and felt it would be a good fit. Overall, this was an excellent choice from start to finish. We arrived by car knowing that the hotel does not have its own parking, but after unloading our bags we were directed to the parking garage by the staff. It was close, convenient and reasonable for San Francisco at $27 a day if you get your ticket validated at the front desk. Our room, at the back of the hotel, was clean, quiet and very comfortable. Yes, it was small, but we had more than enough space for two and never felt cramped. The bed was super comfortable, one of the nicest hotel sleeps we have ever had.The staff was friendly and approachable throughout our stay. Every night from 5:30 to 6:30 there was a complimentary wine bar that offered a nice chance to unwind before dinner and meet other travellers. Altogether a real treat.Naturally, location matters and the Larkspur does not disappoint. Right by Union Square, it's close to lots of restaurants, the cable car line, buses, shopping, etc.....not to mention you can pretty well walk to anywhere you choose to visit.To top things off, we thought we got a great rate on our room. San Francisco has lots of good hotels, but if you're looking for a cosy, boutique experience and you don't mind not having some of the amenities of larger more expensive hotels, this is a fabulous choice.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mema2
<Content>very small very small, but clean and treated well.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bodie_Lady
<Content>Best deal in Union Square My husband and I stayed here during our visit to San Francisco and we were extremely happy with this hotel. The location is great (one block from Union Square), the hotel was clean, they have free wine tasting in the evenings, and the staff was super friendly and helpful. We have nothing bad to say about his hotel. We would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to stay near Union Square.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Recently Renovated Hotel Nice little hotel on Sutter/Powell street in the Union Square area. Lori's Diner is at the corner and Walgreens is across the street.The hotel itself has recently completed a renovation. The lobby is brand new and comfortable. It has two computer kiosks guests can use for free as well as a complimentary evening wine reception from 5:30pm to 6:30pm. Fresh cookies are served afterwards. Daily passes to Club One fitness center 1 block away are $15.There is 1 elevator at the hotel but it is fairly quick. Every morning a free continental breakfast is served at 7am with coffee/water. A choice of yogurt, muffin, or scone is available. They are very large and tastey.The rooms are indeed on the smaller side but get the job done. The beds are comfortable and the flat screen tv is a nice feature. It would be nice if they had more cable channels though. Free wifi is available in the rooms.Bathrooms are small but clean. Some signs of aging include cracked tiles, paint peels, and scuffed furniture pieces but overall everything is fine for a couple of nights.No restaurant or room service at the hotel but plenty of restaurants nearby. Check out dotties true blue cafe for the best breakfast in San Francisco. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdtville
<Content>Great Location, very small rooms Stayed at Larkspur for one night on business trip. (small boutique hotel off Union Square). Location is excellent - close to shopping and restaurants. Staff is attentive and very professional. Room was one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in - with the smallest bathroom I've ever seen. Its fine for one person on a short visit but I'd caution families or anyone staying more than a night or two. Weather was nice when I was there, but the room had no AC (at least that I saw)  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Mabh
<Content>Best hotel in San Francisco!       Coffe and wine room  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CocoBelle
<Content>great location in a great city, shame about the renovations We stayed at the Cartwright for 6 nights in May. This hotel is in a great location for Union Square, Chinatown, and cable cars to Fishermans Wharf and the Ferry Building (California line). We got the BART from the airport and walked up Powell with our cases, it's only a slight incline to Sutter. Like most reviews, the rooms are small by North American standards with tiny bathrooms but very clean and we found the bed comfy. We were on the 7th floor so couldn't hear any construction noise from the lobby but there was street noise at night. The renovations in the lobby were noisy and very, very dusty. The staff, understandably so, were not always in the best of moods during the daytime while the reno work was being done, parts of the lobby were often sectioned off with plastic sheeting. We only made it to one wine tasting evening but we did get to meet some other guests. We'd stay here again if the rates were good but there were a few other hotels we'd check out too like The Chancellor, The Orchard.Tips: A Muni pass has to be the best deal in town. We got a 7 day pass for $24 at the airport while waiting for our cases. You can ride any cable car, street car or bus. With the cable cars being $5 each ride, you get your money back in the first day or two.On Sundays, the #76 bus stops right outside the Cartwright on Sutter and goes to the Golden Gate Bridge. We went over the bridge on the bus, got off the other side and walked back. The #76 runs every 40mins past the hour, on Sundays and Holidays.Also on Sundays, Golden Gate Park is closed to traffic.We went on a few tours. Our first day there we did the Shuttle bus tour which we booked ahead on-line. This is a five hour tour which gives you a good overview of San Francisco. The evening Alcatraz tour which we also booked on-line was very good. You have to pre book for Alcatraz.Finally, we were thinking of hiring a car and driving to Monterey and Carmel but opted for a tour with Supersightseeing tours. Our bus driver, Herman, was very entertaining plus full of knowledge. We wouldn't have gained some much information if we'd have been on our own.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>lizardlids
<Content>I won't go back. The hotel was undergoing renovations during our stay and the elevator was often out of order or occupied by workmen. This was rather annoying, but not our major complaint.The bed was very uncomfortable - after three nights my husband and I were rather sore and sleep-deprived. Our room shared a door with the next room and we could clearly hear the guests beside us. The bathroom had shutter-style windows that let in all of the street noise and cold air. This made for a chilly morning shower! The street noises also penetrated the room via the air conditioning unit placed in the window. Although the Larskpur has reasonable rates and is in a good location we would never go back.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>brookeas
<Content>Loved the Cartwright We booked online for this hotel, based on reviews on here and from friends and we would highly recommend this hotel to others IF:- You don't mind small clean washrooms within your room- You appreciate smaller botique hotels with heaps of character and charm- You enjoy listening to the distant sound of the cable-cars when you wake in the morning (if you don't why on earth would you book around Union Square!!)-You enjoy helpful and VERY friendly staff who are more than willing to go the extra mile-You appreciate a complimentary wine hour and freshly baked cookies before heading for your night adventures- Clean and tidy rooms are a must for you-You prefer to be centrally located, close to transport, shopping, the square, restaurants, bars, theatre, etc (and not in the very touristy area: fishermans wharf- which is easy to get to on the cable car)So if all the above sounds like it may be just the spot for you, then I assure you you'll have a wonderful stay at the cartwright.Note: the hotel is currently under renovations however, we would not have known if it wasn't for the notice in our room. No noise; no dust; no disarray- a few boxes at the rear of the bottom floor- not at all in any guests way.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>machrep001
<Content>No more breakfast Just returned home from San Francisco and stayed at the Cartwright hotel for 7 nights. As was mentioned in other reviews the rooms were small but clean the staff was very helpful and it is in a great location. Close to cable cars, Chinatown and Union Square. I chose this hotel because of the reviews that menioned how good the breakfast buffet was. Upon Checking in I was told that they no longer served a breakfast. Had I known this I would have chosen a different hotel. Their renovation was not complete and we had to walk around the workmen and their ladders, the smell of paint was strong in the lobby and dust was heavy at times.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrSilva
<Content>A great basic room with awesome location Yes, the Cartwright is undergoing renovations. Yes the bathrooms are small. The noise only occurs during working hours during the week and we only noticed it once. The bathroom is a little small but the shower was fantastic.The Cartwright is a small, old hotel but a very warm and welcoming place. The staff were all very nice and accommodating, the room was very comfortable overall but my wife though the bed was a little too firm. The closet was huge.The best part of this hotel is its location. Its right by Powell and Sutter and is right in Union Square. Lots of great places to shop and eat. The Cable Car is right there and the #30 Muni bus is a block away which will take you to Fisherman's Wharf, the Marina, and other places. Also down the street is Market Street which has public transportation anywhere in the Bay Area.This is a very nice place, with a fantastic location, and a friendly staff.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Luv-2-Cruise
<Content>Fantastic Stay! My husband and I stayed at The Cartwright for a business meeting. We had just come from Napa, so we had high expectations! They were certainly met. Even though there was construction going on, we really didn't feel bothered by it. I loved the wine hour every evening-- we always made sure to be back at the hotel in time for it! And, the location of the hotel is perfect-- while my husband was at his meeting, I had TONS of shopping and restaurant hopping to do! I would whole-heartedly recommend The Cartwright hotel-- we definitely plan on coming back.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greyskiesvancity
<Content>Great Location, Average hotel Stayed at the Cartwright for 4 nights and found the location to be great. One block from Union Square, close to all the shops restaurants and cable car. Rooms are very similar to a European style room, small bed, small bathroom, but not a huge issue since we spent very little time in the room anyway. Renovations are still going on at this hotel and do not look anywhere near finished. When we called in to the hotel to ask them about the Reno's they said it was mostly painting and small finishing work that was going on. As of this past weekend the lounge area in the Lobby was completely closed off, many of the rooms were still fully bare and being worked on during the day. Never an issue with noise and the staff were helpful. Breakfast was a simple cold breakfast. Small issue at breakfast was that they did not provide any juice which would have been nice, only coffee or water. For the price we paid the hotel was average, would most likely try another hotel next time we come to town, but a great place for our first visit.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>travelingman59
<Content>Being remodeled My wife and I stayed at the Cartwright for 2 nights over St. Patrick's Day weekend. The hotel is undergoing a major remodel and there is construction going on all around. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our 4th floor room was small, the bathroom tiny, yet the closet was huge (big enough to sleep in). The pre-remodel rooms certainly look aged and overall the building shows a lot of wear and tear. However, if you can get it for a good price (under $150 a night) it is a pretty good deal for downtown San Francisco. You are a block from the cable car or Union Square, and a pretty short walk from Chinatown. There is certainly a lot to do very close by, unfortunately you will be surrounded by beggars, homeless and a fair amount of litter as you make your way around on foot. We got panhandled by eight street people on a three block walk to Market Street at 8am on a Sunday morning. We never felt threatened but it was a bit excessive. Too bad that the city leaders haven't figured out a way to help these poor people. The experience does influence the number of trips that I make to this nearby great city.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jwalsh33
<Content>Nice hotel, Great location! Spent 4 days at the Cartwright, and this was our first time in San Francisco, so we wanted somewhere central. We chose it based on other Trip Advisor reviews.The hotel is just off Union Square which is a great base to travel around the city from. Its a 5-10 minute walk from the major shops, and from the BART station which takes you to the airport (c30 min trip). Cable cars and taxis were easy to catch outside the Cartwright.Some of the other reviews said the rooms are really small. Ours was fine, not huge, but not too small either. It was newly decorated and very clean. There is some building work ongoing (due to finish at the end of March), but the hotel staff said they'd put us in a room away from it which was great. We didn't have any problems with noise, and the builders we did see were friendly and courteous.The same can be said of the hotel staff who were very helpful. The hotel provided a basic free breakfast and did a free wine tasting thing each evening which got guests together.So, all in all a really solid hotel in an unbeatable location  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>HumnaHumna
<Content>This hotel is a Gem ! Well, what a pleasant surprise. This place is a gem, quite inexpensive compared with other hotels in San Francisco.As many reviewers have said, the hotel is currently under renovation. I was there last month in February, and it appears the renovations are near completion, sometime this month in March, I would say. I was not inconvenienced at all because of the renovations. The hotel is very clean and well kept, throughout the entire building. The rooms are spotlessly clean, the beds were very comfortable, relaxing. Yes, my room was a bit small, but not cramped for me. I had a room with 1 queen sized bed. The hotel gave alot of complimentary freebies in the room, nice shampoos/conditioners/moisturizers, free in-room coffee/tea, and even a free travellers pack of advil and cold lozenges, etc. Nice touch.The breakfast was okay, a continental style type of breakfast: pastries, muffins, fruits, coffee, tea, orange juice. It was basic, but still okay. Enjoyed it.The service at the front counter was excellent, on check-in and check-out as well. They were very friendly, kind, helpful and even addressed me by my name. The guest feels so welcome in this nice hotel. Also, during my stay, I needed some ice for a drink, and did not see an ice machine anywhere in the building. I called to the front desk, and they kindly had a bucket of ice brought up to my room, free, and with a smile too! Great service.I won't repeat all the other good things reviewers had to say, but if you want a clean, respectable, comfortable hotel and don't want to pay a King's ransom for it, then Cartwright is your best bet !In closing, the hotel is perfectly situated for the traveller: 1 block from the cable cars and about 5 blocks to the BART/Muni subway station. Easy walking distance,  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chg2winter
<Content>Very nice Very nice stay. As other have noted, when we stayed there, it was under renovation still. But VERY nice staff, very nice room, and great location and great rates made up for any dust on the floor or such. From the hotel, we walked through Union Square, China Town, and to the Piers. We took the trolley back and almost right to our door step. The BART (mass transit) is close as well, a few blocks. Very much recommend if you want to stay in town.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JanMarieNewZealand
<Content>Loved the Cartwright My husband and I stayed at The Cartwright, San Francisco at the beginning and end of our recent North American holiday. It is a small European style hotel - no bar or restaurant - and was undergoing renovations at the time. All the staff we came in contact with, from the front desk, to the cleaners and the guys working on the renovations were helpful and friendly. We felt especially the reception staff were genuinely interested in our comfort. The rooms are small, the bathroom tiny, but we had the bonus of a huge walk in wardroom, large enough to store our suitcases, so the room size wasn't a problem. Comfy beds, in-room coffee, and a generous welcome pack of toiletries on arrival contributed to our comfort. We like to walk in new cities and the hotel's central location made it easy to walk to all San Francisco attractions, including Fisherman's Wharf. It was no problem to leave our luggage in storage at the hotel till our late afternoon flight and the concierge arranged shuttles for us. My husband nipped down to the mezzanine floor in the mornings and uplifted complimentary pastries and newpapers so we could enjoy breakfast and the papers in bed.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>kswilli
<Content>Caution --Renovation Nightmare Booked this room after reading numerous reviews from various websites that were positive. Several warned of renovations in progress, but said they were hardly noticeable. Well, that has changed! Every floor of the hotel is torn up and in a big way. The lobby was torn down during our stay. Renovations are due to be completed in May 2008 and at that time the place should be very quaint. Warning--rooms are TINY! But, beds are very comfortable and it is a very quaint hotel.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>graceb1980
<Content>Good location  We were originally going to stay at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel but they were all booked, so the next place was here. We stayed at this hotel because it was dog friendly, with no pet fee. The place was fine. The room was sort of small, but clean. Good location. Probably the best part was the self service breakfast that you have downstairs.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>alaskaguy44
<Content>Charming Old Hotel With The Friendliest Staff and Smallest Rooms       You can shower and use the sink at the same time!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Globalgirl82
<Content>Charming, clean and cosy :) One thing that you first notice about this charming San Fran hotel is the friendly staff. Welcoming concierge staff and a cosy lounge style foyer making you feel at home right away.I chose this hotel after looking at the other reviews about it on this website, and am very pleased to say that I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are spotlessly clean, the bathroom is so clean, although it's a classic old style (think Carrie's bathroom in Sex  The City!) it is so clean it looks brand new - shower curtain, bath, toilet - all exceptionally clean. I'm very fussy about clean beds and bathrooms in hotels, I thoroughly inspect both these areas of hotel rooms I visit and I was 100% satisfied with the Cartwright.The room was definitely roomy enough for one, and I would say cosy for two, it's not too small, you still have enough room for two. The bed was so very, very comfortable, there was a desk and chair in the room, I had a walk-in closet and there was also a nice casual chair in my room.You are so close to Union Square it's fantastic - you turn left out of the hotel, take the first right and you can see the square straight away. The Cartwright Hotel is nicely tucked away from the square though, so you're near enough but also far away enough from loud noise of the center of the square.Renovations were in their early stages whilst I was there but all the public areas were kept clear and clean - the builders were polite and considerate whenever I passed them to get to the elevator. Very minimal building noise too.Directly opposite the hotel you have a 24 hour Walgreens and about 3-4 streets away just off Union Square there is a 24 hour Starbucks! Just thought I'd add that in!!The staff make this hotel just as nice to return to as the cleanliness and cosiness of the rooms. I can highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>virginia_guy
<Content>So So After staying at the Orchard Hotel around the corner for three days, me and my wife moved here for a weekend stay.Let's say it was night and day between the two hotels.While the front desk staff was great and friendly and the lobby is splendid, the rooms are not. First, keys? Yes, keys on very old doors that we had little confidence in. Maybe we're just so used to keycards at hotels, but I think in this case, it also was the fact that the doors are ancient and don't seem sturdy.We had a very small room, much smaller than the Orchard, and we were tripping over ourselves. Also, in the room we stayed, there's no, let's call it, sound-free zone, so if you're staying with a loved one or friends and you don't mind hearing everything that happens in the bathroom, then you'll be OK. Otherwise, get ready to turn the TV up because that's how small the room was for us.While The Orchard has A/C, The Cartwright did not, so we opened the window and turned on the overhead fan. I need a cool room to sleep and I slept OK here.The location is a positive, right in the heart on Union Square area.The breakfast was not the greatest, but I'm biased toward protein-heavy morning food, not sweets and carbs, but, I guess that's the definition of continental.All in all, we paid about $400 for three weekend nights, which isn't too bad, but I guess we were expecting a little more for a SF hotel.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Hooverbabs
<Content>Great Location! Pleasant Staff! Nice Room! Beware Rennovation! We enjoyed our lovely, small room at the pet friendly Cartwright. Every member of the staff that we met was very courteous and responded quickly to any request. The room was immaculate. The bed linens were way above average, although the somewhat starched sheets were a bit annoying. The desk in the room was good sized and the wi-fi worked well. The bathtub was large and the rainfall showerhead was very nice. The amenities by Lather were delightful. The evening wine reception was fun.. The in-room coffee was Starbucks. There was a minimal continental breakfast available that could have been improved by having juices available.Since we were there on Christmas, we did not have to deal with the construction until the next day, but it wasn't really an inconvenience for us.This hotel offered a great rate and reasonablly priced parking -- a rarity for a hotel near Union Square. We just hope that the rates will not sky rocket once the rennovations are complete.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DayCM
<Content>Surprise! Under renovation! This would be a great hotel if it weren't being renovated (on every single floor). Luckily I was staying during Christmas and the constructions crews packed up on Friday afternoon and did not return until I was checking out on Wednesday morning.When I was leaving, the lobby was full of constructions workers on their walkie-talkies (which is really disturbing), my hallway was full of dust, the floors were being covered with plastic to protect the rugs, the elevator was lined with padding (and being dominated by construction workers). I hate construction and asked about it when I checked in on Thursday since I could see the dumpsters out front where my taxi was trying to park (but couldn't). The woman at check in said Oh yes, you should have seen that we were under renovation on our Web site.That's a lie. There is nothing on their Web site about renovation. Hotels-dot-com (where I booked the room) did not mention it. I would never ever stay at a place under construction.All that said, when the work is done it'll be a nice place to stay. The staff is very friendly, the price is great. Only the breakfast is awful. Wheaties, Special K, coffee, tea, bananas and bad pastries are all they offer.Buyer beware!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>CE-CMtrip
<Content>Great Location       San Francisco!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MikeS1111
<Content>Good Value Following a night at the Fairmont, my wife and I moved to the more affordable Cartwright. The staff does a wonderful job of making you feel at home. The hotel itself is convenient to Union Square, shopping, restaurants and cable cars, which is a huge plus. The hotel is going through a construction/renovation phase which is a bit of a nuisance with construction workers and building going on. Thankfully, the staff put us in a room on the seventh floor toward the back of the hotel, far from the noise, so we didn't hear any construction work. The building renovation is a good idea, considering the age of the hotel, the paint, wall-covering, and window treatments which have seen better days. Our corner room was small, but perfectly adequate, with a comfortable queen-sized bed. The bathroom was small, water pressure in the shower okay. The downstairs lobby seating area and library is cozy, wine-tasting every night from 5 - 7pm, along with a large dining area where continental breakfast is served. Location, price and staff assistance make the Cartwright a good value choice.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Kate_1981
<Content>Nice comfortable and reasonably priced hotel in great location       Standard double room at the Cartwright hotel in San Francisco, Dec 07  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>buggsusa
<Content>delight to stay After reading the reviews for this hotel, we were a little hesitant, but found it to be very friendly and helpful, had read rooms were very small, but found they were extremely adequate for our stay of 5 days, even though the hotel was in the middle of renovations, it did not impede our stay, staff were very friendly (especially at the 5.30 drinks) and the other guests were a delight to talk with and to share experiences, the breakfast each morning was basic but no limits so we were able to start each morning off well (you get very sick of big breakfasts all the time) and we thoroughly enjoyed our time here, recommend to anyone wanting to stay in a small intimate hotel close to union square and the trolley cars  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>njris
<Content>Clean, affordable, charming.... We stayed at the Cartwright this past Monday night and it was really very nice. the hotel is undergoing some renovations so I'm sure when they are completed it will be even better. I read a few other reviews and saw that some people commented on the rooms being small. We booked a King Deluxe room (it had to be big to fit a king bed!) and it was fine. the bathroom was tight but not too bad. The bed was comfortable and the room was very clean. The bathroom soaps are very cool - Lather products. Got to peer into a few rooms and I'd suggest either going for a king room or one 2 queen beds as they tended to be larger. Our room was at the back of the hotel so we didn't hear the trolley on Powell and it was quiet at night. We missed the breakfast and the wine reception and the cookies unfortunately. For the price and the extras this was a great place to stay. You can pick up the trolley at the corner of Powell and Sutter and buy your tickets on board (there is an $11 all day pass which is worth it if you are sightseeing). it's only about 15-20 minutes to Fishermans Wharf and the touristy spots.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kawh
<Content>Still Love This Hotel -- and the Double Sheets!! Amazing Location - Just up from Union Square. No problem walking home from 11pm Christmas Shopping at Macys or a visit to the Tree in Union Square. Friendly Staff - Could they be any nicer? How do they learn my name so quickly?? Always ready to help with information. Really felt welcome at the wine tastings in the evening.Great Room - We had a room in the front of the hotel. Noise from the street wasn't bad, and nobody walking by our door. Room was decent size for a $99 room which included breakfast for 2! Clean and inoffensive old San Francisco decor. (historic pictures, etc.)Amazing Bed - I don't remember having such an amazingly comfortable bed and pillows last time we stayed here. They still offer my favorite -- double sheets (one over and one under the duvet.) Also, white covers -- i like to be able to clearly see how clean it is! Pretty Good Breakfast Included - not much protein, but what do you expect. Make-your-own waffles are a very guilty pleasure. Coffee from Starbucks. Fresh Fruit. Cereals. Juice. Toast options. Dog-Friendly - They learned our little dog's name, too, and always said hello . How do they do it? I can't speak for this hotel in a few months. They're doing renovations right now. Why mess with perfection?? Hope they don't change the white covers or raise the prices. I do know they will be getting rid of breakfast. Sure wish they would rethink that, as it is a major factor in choosing this hotel... it is just so pleasant not to have to hunt for a place to start your day-- and stand in line to boot.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Picmaker
<Content>5 Star Quality, Low Price! I just returned from my annual trip to San Francisco. I always look for older, interesting places to stay that have character and charm. My usual place got bought out and I was disappointed - until I discovered the Cartwright. We arrived very early (630am) Friday, November 23, 2007, and knew we would not be able to check in. So the ultra-friendly staff checked our bags and would keep a look out for an early check in. We returned at 930am and Edward, at the front desk, was able to get us checked in early! We had to give up our King bed for a Queen bed - BUT it made no difference!The room was cozy and comfy just fine for two. We did not care about the view as we weren't there to stay locked up in our hotel room! We did not experience any noise with the renovation. This property was VERY clean and neat and it appeared much care was taken to ensure the renovation would not get in anyone's way - regardless of the fact we were made aware of this construction at the time of booking and received constant apologies... all which weren't necessary. The staff is the BEST! They are first class in service. Edward was so sweet when he was able to offer the early check in. I considered it a personal favor as he could not offer the same to another couple who arrived after us. Despite other reviews about mold and such, we encountered no such thing. Everything was as clean as could be, considering! We highly recommend this to anyone looking for that old San Francisco charm of the early 1900s. The building is well preserved and the staff is really the best I've ever met. Plan to stay there upon every visit to the area!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Irish-in-GB-lovesUSA
<Content>Fantastic! Very Clean, fantastic staff, superb location! we actually changed our hotel booking before we got there to this hotel as there seems to be alot of reviews that say noise or homeless is a challenge etc! We had NO issues with this hotel... the staff bent over backwards to be as helpful as possible (and thats NOT because we complained! its just wat they doo!) and if you think u'll get past any of them without them being friendly think again -but they do this in a none hotel customer service way. The wine hour is excellent ... as is the FREEE breakfast!!!! u r not minutes but seconds away from Union Sq and there are loads of excellent resturants within 5-10 mins walk. I only wish i could have taken my bed, pillows, and duvet home.... they were the best i have ever had in a hotel !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (this was a holiday 4 me.. but i stay in hotels at least 3nites a wk with my job!)Go there .... u will love it!I am def goin back!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Pickles_7
<Content>Great Hotel, Unbeatable Location! My husband and I booked a week-long stay here in early September 2007,along with my parents, who also booked a room. I typically travel to SF a couple times a year for business and stay in some of the pricier hotels (St. Francis, The Fairmount). However, on my own dime, I wantedto find a decent value without sacrificing the great location that Union Square has to offer. We stayed on the 2nd floor, in one of the two front rooms facing the street. We had a king size bed, desk with a chair, dresser, and a very roomy closet to store our suitcases. Granted, these rooms are small, but that is very typical of San Francisco, even in the more expensive hotels sometimes. If you are planning to run around the city every day and do the tourist thing, room size should definitely not be an issue. We were out all day and just came back to sleep (beds were VERY comfortable). The room did nothave air conditioning (also typical in most hotels in the city) but you really did not need it. Just for air circulation, we would leave our ceiling fan on and sometimes crack a window. The free breakfast was so convenient and saved us the expense of a meal each day! Walgreens is right across the street, which was great for times we needed snacks or drinks or ATM access. Finally, the reason this hotel is a true gem is the location. It's just a few blocks to Chinatown, or you pretty much can stumble out the front door and down a block to get to Union Square. You're also right on the cable car lines, so getting around the city is practically a no-brainer. We bought a city pass so we'd have open access to all trolleys, cable cars and city buses and quickly understood routes and could get to any destination in the city. We never once had to rely on a taxi-cab! Our stay at the Cartwright was a great experience. We recommended the hotel to a friend who is staying there as I type this and we would definitely stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ajslkh1369
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, tiny room The location of this hotel made it worth every penny. When we stayed there was some construction going on in the hallways, but it appears it will be done shortly. The construction was not an issue for us other than cosmetics when entering/ exiting the elevator. Free breakfast in the morning is great. Good yogurt, Starbucks coffee, cereal, toast, juice, etc..The room itself was very small, but clean and comfortable. Bed quality was good, free wireless internet was a plus as well. We were away from the front street (Sutter) so noise was not an issue. Bathroom was tiny but worked out OK for me even at 6'3 and 230lbs.Overall we were very happy with our stay here. The location is very near Union Square and many great restaurants - both fine dining and more affordable options. Also, the cable car literally stops right out front - so buy a 1 or 3 day pass and take that to Fisherman's Warf. Ar Roi is a great Thai restaurant just a couple blocks away - try it out. Also, give Uncle Vito's a try 1 block up on Powell for affordable pizza/pasta..  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mysterypersonone
<Content>Great location, BUT....... You know how you go into a restaurant that is empty and you get the worst table? Well, this is it! We checked in on a Thursday and were given a room that has a short narrow hallway...about 30 wide and dead ends at a V with our room on the left and another room on the right. The doors start out less than 2 feet apart from the V on one end and end about 30 on the other. There was particle board on the floor the evening of our arrival. My husband mentioned that there is construction going on, but it appeared to me that they were moving things around. Well, I was wrong. We left our room at about 9am the next morning. There was sanding in the hallway completely around the elevator and stairs. We literally had to walk through an area that was draped with plastic with drywall mud dust throughout the air just to get to the stairs or elevator. These rooms should not have been offered for use. I asked if we could change rooms and, of course, the only thing that was available was directly above us where they were going to be working doing the same thing on the next floors. Evidently, only the crappy rooms in the front of the hotel have king beds, with a fire escape with broken windows that don't lock with all of the noise of the city down below throughout the night including construction noise from another hotel. There is one chair at a desk with no other available seating in the room. We like staying in the older hotels, but this is ridiculous! The closet is against the bathroom sink and smells of mold and mildew. The door on the bathroom does not stay closed unless you use the lock. (how hard is it to fix the latch?) The windows not only don't lock, but they don't stay open to get fresh air into the room to drown out the mold and mildew smell when the closet door is open to prevent the clothes from smelling. My clothes are now hung on the TV wall mount so that I can wear them without smelling like I left them in a dryer damp for a week. IF YOU ARE SENSITIVE TO MOLD AND MILDEW, DON'T STAY HERE! The good things are that the place is very clean, the staff is very nice, it's a great location but there are much better places to stay in this wonderful city that are much more comfortable, have better air quality and a place for more than one person to sit. We are not in the room all that much, but it's not a comfortable place even for a short time.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fl1pfl0p
<Content>Not bad, not great Be warned, the regular rooms are small. I have no idea if there are any bigger rooms, it sure didn't seem like it. The place was under a bit of construction but other than that it was clean, quiet, and acceptable. It worked fine for us because we were not in the room very much.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>meryl26
<Content>hotel under construction I anticipated that the rooms would be small, as indicated in many of the reviews, but I found them to be a bit too small for 2 people. The bathroom in particular was a bit difficult for someone over 6 feet tall to move in. I think that some of the rooms have been re-furbished, but ours certainly was not. The A/C barely worked and when we checked in the overhead ceiling did not work. The hotel staff did fix this promptly. The breakfast was quite good, but it began to late and ended too early. If you wanted to sleep in a bit, you missed it. In addition, all of these things could be overlooked, as the location is great, but the worst part about this hotel was that our hallway was being re-modeled adn it looked like a war-zone- plastic and plywood all over the floor when you exited the elevator. Truly it was a bit frightening. The hotel was clean, the location was good and the staff was nice, but it was NOT what I was expecting and I was disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jackadaisical
<Content>Best Hotel Stay Ever! The room wasn't so much small as it was clean, cozy, and charming, not to mention that the bed is huge! It is definitely enough room for two. We had a nice view of the intersection from both the room window and the bathroom. The staff was among the friendliest I've ever met, the free breakfast was amazing, the free wine/cookies reception every evening was a nice welcome back to the hotel after a thrilling day on the town, the free wi-fi was very convenient, and the location couldn't be better. The Cartwright is right on the corner of the cable-car stop, where you can hop on and ride over the hill to Fisherman's Wharf; it's within walking distance of Union Square, the Theatre District,  Chinatown; and the bus stop is right by the hotel if you want to venture anywhere further. In other words, this is the perfect hotel! I would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Saskatoonmd
<Content>Location, Location, Location Stayed here for a convention in Moscone Centre. Despite being walking distance to Union Square, it does not feel that you are in a very busy area. As mentioned by other reviewers, the room is not spacious but adequate for 2 adults. Definite positives are its convenient location, the free wine hour to help you unwind from your day, comfortable bed and linen, free breakfast with Starbucks coffee to boot, free wireless internet access, charming lobby and a friendly staff. Walgreens and Borders are both nearby.Negatives are street noise (trade-off for staying near Union Square) at night and no airconditioning (ceiing fan for ventilation).Would stay here again if I can get a relatively better rate.Would recommend taking the Lorrie's Airport Transporter ($14/person) and if you are craving for good Japanese food, walk only a few block west on Sutter St. to Sanraku and you are assured of a good dining experience.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Nancytraveler
<Content>Great boutique hotel downtown SF The entire staff was so friendly and accommodating. The room was cute and clean. The breakfast provided every morning was very nice. For the price compared to other hotels, the services were impressive.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>critics
<Content>great service and location very good location for downtown and very helpful porters,hotel is clean and tidy,breakfast was very busy! but free :)everyone comments on how small the rooms are and yes,they are microscopic but this is the san fran style,its been here for many years and they arent going to change .what was a pleasant suprise is that the owners had obviously read trip advisor reviews for the hotel and corrected some of the complaints such as people banging their heads on the tv,they are now all padded on the frames :)all in all it was a good hotel,if you can invisage a bedroom and bathroom that will fit inside your own bathroom and get your head around that then you wont go wrong.if we went back to san fran then we would stay at parc 55 again instead of here im afraid,both great locations but parc 55 MUCH bigger rooms and bathrooms.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>NorristownPA
<Content>Great Hotel with Friendly Staff My husband and I spent 4 nights at The Cartwright and were very pleased at the accommodations. The rooms were small, but clean, and the location was wonderful. There was a cable car stop right at the corner of Sutter and Powell, half a block away. The hotel is located in a nice area, and the staff was able to provide some stellar recommendations. They also serve a continental breakfast in the morning and wine in the afternoon. We would highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mytripUK
<Content>Excellent location Excellent location for main shopping areas and good for using public transport to other parts of the city and airport.The Cartwright has managed to update itself over the years without the lossof it's old fashioned charm.The room we were allocated was on the 5th floor, facing other buildings - not a view at all but lovely and quiet for sleeping. The room was bigger than we expected after reading the reviews and along with the bathroom was very clean.After reporting the loss of a key ( no problems with reception thank goodness!) we moved to another room which was much smaller but okay for the short time we spent in it.Internet access was free with a guest computer in the reception's library area - this was great but if you use please remember that the person who is using may just have logged on before you arrived.Only down side was with the luxury breakfast - we had real problems getting a seat and juice.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>brisvegasBrisbane
<Content>Great little Hotel       view outside cartwright  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>akk78
<Content>Great hotel with First time in San Francisco and we chose the Cartwright because of the location (1 block from Union Square) and good reviews on Tripadvisor.Have nothing bad to say about the Cartwright, it was a nice small hotel with remodeled rooms. Rooms were average size, bathroom was small but tiled and clean. We had a room facing the street and slept with the window open but were never bothered by any noise. Coffe maker in the room with Starbucks coffe was nice as we woke up really early due to jetlag.Enjoyed the free breakfast in the morning and the wine reception in the evening.The staff was helpful and there was always someone around.If you want to stay somewhere nice, where you don't pay for a brand name but for a good room at a resonable price this hotel is highly recomended.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>mikephilpott
<Content>Best hotel at the price Frankly, unless you demand a big room, a mini bar and somebody to turn your bedcovers down at night, there's no need to stay anywhere else in San Francisco. For a very reasonable rate, you get friendly staff, tastefully decorated rooms, a good free breakfast, the use of a computer in the lobby, a wine reception in the evening and a cable car stop right outside the door. Union Square is just a five minute stroll, there's a 24 hour Walgreens across the street and some superb restaurants also within walking distance. We've stayed in some top notch hotels, but when there's a hotel like the Cartwright in town, I don't see the point in wasting the money.When choosing a hotel in SF, we looked long and hard at all the Tripadvisor reviews, and we didn't make a mistake. We'll stay here any time we're in San Francisco. The only down sides are the tiny bathrooms and the fact that you'll bump your head occasionally on the padded corner of the wall-mounted TV if you are even slightly tall, but these are minor points when you're getting this kind of value for money.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>myke29uk
<Content>Good hotel I enjoyed my week stay at this hotel. My room was small but comfortable and nicely decorated, with a TV, coffee maker, cd/clock radio, iron/boad and walk in wardrobe.The breakfast was all that I needed - cereal, yogurt, fruit and tea. You could also make your own waffles and toast if you wanted. Breakfast was always busy but I never had a problem finding a table.I was able to check my emails and browse the internet at no charge on the computer in the lobby. I understand there was free wifi if you had your own laptop.The free wine tasting hour around 5pm was very nice - good to be able to chat to other travellers about their experiences of this wonderful city.Generally I found the staff helpful and courteous, although the chap who I dealt with on check out was a bit miserable. I had to reject the first room offered to me because it was on a low floor and near a noisy extractor fan. The alternative room given to me was on the fourth floor and much better.I would highly recommend this hotel. It is in a fantastic location, is very clean and excellent value.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>TORN1
<Content>Great location, great staff!!!!! Great hotel and highly recommended. Definately book through an online hotel company as they offer much cheaper rates. When I initially checked in I was given a room on the 2nd floor and for security reasons (walkway outside window and missing window pain in the bathroom) I asked to get a new room and was immediately moved to the 6th floor. I definately felt more safe and secure in this higher floor. I was a little put-off with the fact that there were no in-room safe although the safe deposits boxes were plentiful at the main desk (in various sizes) and I kept mine for my entire stay with the staff not being put off by opening the safe whenever asked.The rooms, although small are very clean and well appointed. ALl the similiarily priced hotels int he area have small rooms as well so this should not be a deterent. The in room ammenities were fine and all worked well including TV, clock radio/cd player, Lather bathroom amenities, iron, toilet and shower, etc..... Definately above what I expected for a $85 room.The breakfast in the morning was excellent and included home-made waffles (you make them yourself easily), yoghurt, bananas, apples, boiled eggs, several types of toast, hot cereal, cold cereal, orange/mango juice, milk, Starbucks coffee, tea PB and J. Definately took advantage fo the free food and even used some as a snack throughout the day. The breakfast are served from 7 - 9am Mon-Fri which ended a little early for me one morning although on the weekend breakfast goes until 10am. Free newspapers were also present.I ended up extending my stay 4 days into my visit and I re-booked the hotel on hotels.ca and had no trouble in the turnover without having to check out of my room or have too much hassle with the front desk.The staff were great at offering tips of what to do, where to go, which bus to take, etc.... Definately felt like they appreciated my business. The complimentary wine and apples and cookies in the evening were also appreciated.The location was excellent being so close to Union Square and some of the other higher end properties (Westin, Crowne Plaza, etc....) The Powell Street cable car stopped at the corner of Sutter and Powell, a few steps from the hotel doorway. Union Square with its varied priced restaurants and fast food outlets was also convenient. A Wells Fargo is a block away, Walgreens accross the street and lots of convenient shopping all at the hotel door step.I definately would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>agrippina1705
<Content>Good hotel for the price, perfect central location We stayed at the Cartwright for 6 days at the end of August. The hotel is perfectly located for a holiday stay - a 5 minute walk from the BART stop from the airport, and directly off Union Square in the Downtown area. This was a huge positive for us and it's almost worth booking the hotel just for where it is. The room was small but neat, and with a large closet for storage. The bed was extremely comfortable! The bathroom was tiny but super clean with very fluffy towels and great toiletries from a local SF company. All in all, the room was fine for sleeping and getting ready in the morning.We were disappointed that there was no mini bar or fridge, although room temperature water was available (at $2.17 a bottle) alongside a coffee maker with Starbucks sachets. There was also no room safe. The street noise was noticeable at night, but that's the case in any major US city. None of these things really bothered us. There is a computer for free internet access and printing in the lobby which was good (although there was often a wait of around 10 minutes to get to use it).The breakfast wasn't brilliant - cereal in boxes which doubled as bowls, toast, apples and self-service waffles - but it was fine on the days we had an early start, and SF has so many great cafes that we were happy to wander around to look for a cafe for breakfast most mornings. The Cartwright is an absolute bargain if you want a central base from which to explore SF. The staff are friendly and helpful and the room is fairly basic but clean and comfortable. If you're travelling to SF as much for the hotel as for the city it's not the place to pick, but, for the price, it's a good 3-star with an excellent location.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>VickiBSouthampton
<Content>Great hotel if you just want a place to sleep The Cartwright Hotel is a great stay in San Francisco if you want a nice hotel to rest your head. There are no fancy amenities and the rooms are quite small but the location, staff, cleanliness and price are spot on.We found all staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. Location is great - Sutter street is a side road off union square so in the middle of the action but quiet. There is a cable car stop metres from the hotel which takes you Fishermans Wharf.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ysilver1
<Content>Depending on what you're looking for, the Cartwright may be great or horrible       TV needs to be moved in order to open/close closet door! Yikes!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Gringa222
<Content>Charming hotel with a friendly, helpful staff The Cartwright was my husband's choice for a surprise 25th wedding anniversary get-away. I'm always the one making travel arrangements so imagine my surprise when he found this gem! From the minute we walked into the lobby I was taken with this charming hotel. Check-in was quick and the staff was friendly and helpful. Since we arrived early in the morning, our room was not ready. We were offered breakfast, maps and pointed in the right direction to begin exploring the city. The Cartwright is located two blocks off Union Square (shopping) and on the Powell cable car line. Nice walk to Chinatown and onto Fisherman's Warf. Easy to connect with buses, streetcars and trolleys to explore the rest of the city. The Cartwright has maintained it's vintage look while upgrading with modern conveniences. The rooms were clean, nicely decorated and quite pleasant. Very comfy bed. In fact, this was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel! Lots of fluffy pillows. I almost didn't want to get up in the morning! Bathrooms are small but clean. Water pressure in shower was good. Thick towels and robes were provided. Breakfast is included in the room rate and consists of yogurt, fruit, cereal, breads, waffles, juice and coffee. Roomy breakfast area to relax, eat and read the morning paper. We enjoyed the afternoon 'wine receptions' and had a great time talking to other guests. My favorite things about The Cartwright Hotel were: Friendly, helpful staff, WONDERFUL bed and pillows and I loved opening the windows and hearing the sounds of the city- especially the ding-ding of the trolley. Good value-good location. I'm ready to go back already!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kirbATLGeorgia
<Content>Real Talk on The Cartwright Reading some of the other reviews on this hotel really made my wife and I a little subdued about selecting the Cartwright as homebase for our first trip to San Francisco. Please let me put any concerns you have at ease. The Cartwright absolutely made our stay in San Francisco most memorable. The location is prime. Right around the corner from Union Square. Felt safe walking both day and night. The 24-hour Walgreens across the street is a definite plus. An abundance of places to eat with no problems in catching a cab if necessary. Admittedly, the rooms were small but so what? Honestly, how much time are you really going to spend in your room in the middle of San Francisco? The rooms were clean. The bed was huge, firm and slept extremely well. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and accomodating. Stuffy chain hotel people need not apply because this is not the place for you. Easy everyday cool peoples will without question love this place. The wife and I have concluded on our return trip to Frisco, we will once again return to the Cartwright.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>We4travelers
<Content>Loved this hotel! My husband and I chose to stay at the Cartwright Hotel for two nights based upon the reviews on this website. We found the hotel to be all that we expected and more! Check-in was quick, the room and bathroom (although small) were both very clean, and the breakfast was great! We made it a point to attend both afternoon wine receptions and enjoyed meeting some of the other guests.The location of the hotel was good - we walked to the Wharf (went through Chinatown) and felt very safe the whole way. The staff was very helpful - both in answering questions and in giving advice  directions. We will definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay in San Francisco at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RM65
<Content>Loved the Cartwright Stayed at the Cartwright Hotel for 4 nights (25-29 June 2007).Plus points:Great locationReasonably pricedExtremely friendly/helpful staffFantastic breakfast (great selection of stuff)Nicely furnished roomsCheese and wine eveningsMinus points:The door handles on the rooms are a bit quirky (big deal!)Believe the other reviews people have posted, this place is great!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AlexOasis
<Content>Little Gem Great location and price! Although the rooms are small, the price is right, the rooms are clean, the water is hot, the breakfast is delicious, and the staff is awesome. The staff really went out of its way to help us with bus routes, directions, suggestions, etc. They never let us waste money on a cab, but rather showed us the easiest and cheapest way to get places. Breakfast is wonderful, just watch out for other pushy guests!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daisygirl1969
<Content>The Cartwright is a Hotel With Character.       Just one of the details on the hotel wall outside our fire escape!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>buckeye1973
<Content>Call me skeptical... I'd read the reviews, was still concerned about a hotel so close to Union Square for this price. I'm a convert. Was in California for business, and extended my trip to visit family in the Bay area. I was pleasantly surprised. My first instinct upon checking in was small and old. Then, I spent some time there. Granted, it's not a Mariott. or similar. It's better!! It has a personality that chain hotels do not. I loved the reception staff. They provided personal attention each day to the sites I wanted to visit. They went above an beyond the call of duty for directions (offering to call my son to talk to him about parking for a few hours in the vicinity). The breakfasts, while not deluxe, as previously descrbed, were adquate and filling. The evening wine reception was a great way to meet other visitors. When I return to SF. there is not doubt I I will stay here again. My only complaint is that they are already booked for my late July visit.!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stockporter
<Content>does the job we stayed at the cartwright hotel for 6 nights. This hotel is nothing special and the rooms are small but it did the job. It was clean and bright which is all u need. Dont listen to the reveiws that tell you to stay away. Its not that bad! It was an ok location. If i went back i would probably stay somewhere else. But it is an ok hotel for what u get. Staff are friendly and were always ready to help. I would recommend people to stay there if they didnt want absolute luxury.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>K5teacher
<Content>We can't wait to come back! We will highly recommend The Cartwright Hotel. We were pleased with everything from the service to the great location. We were close to all of the fine restaurants and the cable cars. The room was small but comfortable and how long are you in your room in a city like San Francisco. The staff was helpful, friendly and pleasant. We enjoyed the continental breakfast and the wine tasting in the evening.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LEHBrentwoodCA
<Content>Great Hotel, Super Staff! I have stayed in many hotels in the SF Union Sq area over the past 30 years, and the Cartwright is one of the best values I have seen! It's older but thoroughly updated, has a very passable serve-yourself breakfast (cook your own waffles, choice of hot and cold cereals, yogurts, fruit, teas, Starbucks coffee, etc.) Rooms are on the small side, but mine had a big walk in closet and bathroom with tub/shower, good quality toiletries. Free WiFi had a very strong signal even on the 8th floor. Complimentary wine tasting in the library every afternoon. Inexpensive valet or self parking. Very helpful staff, I'll definitely stay there in the future!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Palodia
<Content>Great welcome Arrived somewhat jaded after flight from UK - BA having lost our baggage - to a warm welcome and sympathetic advice as to where clothing could be obtained without breaking the bank. Room was reasonable size and not looking onto street, so quiet.Bottled water, tea  coffee provided. Breakfast (unexpected) was more than the coffee  muffins of some establishments and was provided in a spacious  quiet room.Position was excellent with all the City Centre facilities within a few minutes walk.Can't say anything against this hotel, for the price it was all it should be and more.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>dollyphin
<Content>Nice staff, that's about it..... The hotel is clean and remodeled, but very very small. It is perfect if you want a place to crash, but if you plan to spend any time in your room -- don't come here. A few notes:*The staff is very nice and give you service at a personal level. They have evening wine tastings and cookies - as other posters have noted.*The breakfast is HORRIBLE. Don't come here thinking you will save money on breakfast as you may prefer to go elsewhere.*They no longer have Aveda products (I was looking forward to those)*I enjoy the fact that the windows open, but there is no screen, so we had bugs in our room in the afternoon.*Don't take restaurant recommendations from the conceirge.If you get a good deal on a room here, it is in a good location if you spend most of your time outside. I would not recommend paying full price as there many better hotels for the same rate in Union Square.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mammydragon
<Content>2nd Time - Still loving it...... We stayed here for our honeymoon after being married in February. We'd already been to the Cartwright a few years earlier and knew we would want to go back. Spookily we ended up next door to the room we'd originally stayed in on the 7th Floor.I had emailed a few weeks before arrival to arrange and pay for champagne to be left in our room as a surprise for my new hubbie. It was given to us with compliments of the hotel manager, which I thought was a lovely touch.For those of you who havent been here before this is a boutique hotel on Sutter and Powell. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel that will take you all over the city. Go to the Pacific Ocean (go to Beach Chalet for the Bloody Marys - oh boy) or take yourself across to Berkley on the Bart just to see the Campanile. (You can walk everywhere without being overly hassled by the homeless people.)Hotel breakfast is comprised of juice, coffee (Starbucks blends) bagels, waffles (you make yourself with syrup  butter) boiled eggs, fresh bread, jams, fresh fruit and yoghurts. If you want a different breakfast experience try one of the many diners around the city. Loris is second to none for blueberry pancakes or cinnamon french toast and is just on the corner.When were were here the last time the water was free in the room but now its $2 per bottle. The toiletries have changed from Aveda to Lather and are no less lovely to use.There is so much to do in SF apart from shop. Food is plentiful and you can eat such a variety of international cuisine. Try Tads Steak House or one of the many restaurants in Chinatown. Although try to see where the locals eat and ask the hotel staff for their recommendations. Please try  avoid Sushi Boat as we (and several other later diners that afternoon) were disappointed at the lack of service and choice available. The hook is that freshly prepared sushi is laid on floating trays that circle in front of you on a little waterway. You pay for what you eat from these trays. Prices ranging from $1.50 up to $5.00 per plate (perhaps 2 or 3 pieces of sushi to each plate) It was the same food rolling around as the chef had left on her break. We ate about $8 worth before we decided to leave. The manager complained that we hadnt left a tip so instead of saying it was crap - we paid out.Go to the Rincon Centre for dim sum at Yank Sing (visit the webbie to get the juices flowing - yummy) Its not cheap but its fantastic.But most of all go to the Cartwright, take a glass of free wine or two at 5 til 6pm Free Wine Hour  chew the fat with your fellow travellers. Perhaps then have a free cookie  a Starbucks coffee (its available 24 hrs a day) and enjoy the peaceful colours of the rooms, the noisy trams outside  the hum of the city.We are heading for the hat trick and totally agree that we've left our hearts.........  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GDV
<Content>really liked the value of this hotel This is a really decent hotel, very good value! We stayed there in July 2005. We are hoping to stay there again this summer.Enjoyed the complimentary wine reception, breakfast choices were quite good, comfortable beds, nice bathroom, clean and very good services from knowledgable Front Desk and Conceirge team.Located in a decent area, very close to good shopping and transportation.I would highly recommend this hotel for savvy travelers on a budget.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OCWeezer
<Content>Charming!       Lobby  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>plainsmapper
<Content>well-managed and comfortable This is a comfortable hotel with charm that comes with older properties. Clean and well-kept, the hotel has managed to retain its heritage character, and hopefully this will be maintained (or enhanced) through any future renovations. We stayed a full week and each evening it felt like we were coming 'home'. Staff were alwways very cheerful and friendly. The hotel is very well-managed with amenities (Starbucks coffee, toiletries, bedding, evenining reception) that are rare in this price category. As others have mentioned, the bathrooms are on the small side, but are completely functional, and most travellers don't spend their entire stay in the bathroom anyway! The location is excellent with cable car and bus access out the front door and a short walk to the MUNI and BART trains.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Terry1st
<Content>Perfect Location but Noisy at Night We arrived on April 4th and stayed through Easter. Super friendly staff. Entering the room we discovered no air conditioning. We were told by staff that it wasn't needed in SFO. Since I need air circulation and prefer the room cooler, I opened the window, which faced Sutter St. VERY noisy....all day and night, (trash collection and street cleaning at night). Overall, the room was nice, the hotel clean and comfortable and the staff was the nicest of all the hotels I have every stayed. This is avaluable feature of a smaller hotel.I would recommend this hotel as great for value, location and ambiance. I personally would not stay here again though as I am an older person and I found the street noise unbearable.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ginger_Rachel
<Content>Quaint        At the entrance of our room  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>GreenMachine-7
<Content>Clean and friendly My wife and I spent five nights in The Cartwright in March 2007. I had booked the room by calling them and several weeks later noticed a special from Travel Zoo for thirty dollars less a night. I called the hotel, and they honored the new rate, which I thought was nice. The room was small, but we didn't mind since we didn't spend a whole lot of time in it. It was very clean though, and we enjoyed this aspect. It's also convenient to buses and cable cars. We happened to be there during a warm spell, so the room was a little warm at night, but they had a ceiling fan to keep the air moving. Again, we didn't mind because of the cleanliness and the price was awesome ($85). They also serve a complimentary breakfast (waffles, bagels, juice, cereals, fruit, etc.) for those of you on a budget. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I asked for assistance on restauranat recommendations and received some good advice. We'd definitely stay here again. Tip: Bring earplugs. Many people complain about street noise. Well, it's downtown!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>stinkypig
<Content>Good Value at The Cartwright but too noisey We stayed at The Cartwright 2/28 - 3/5. We booked our hotel through their website and we paid $159/night for a deluxe king room. The room was OK, it was on the small side and it faced Sutter, which is a noisy street. The room did not have a dresser. It had a king bed, a desk, two night stands, a closet and a tiny bathroom. The TV was installed on of those space saving arm things from the ceiling. The room was clean, the bedding was nice. The bathroom was nice too but very small. I was a little shocked at how tiny the room was. The hotel lobby and common areas were very nice, well maintained. Everyone who worked at the hotel was extremely pleasant. They could not have been nicer. The free wine reception in the evenings were fun. The breakfast was nice, we only did the hotel breakfast a couple of times but it was great if you were in a hurry.The only problem I had with the hotel was our room. It was sandwiched between two other rooms and I could distinctly hear what was being said in either room. I've read the reviews and I knew the Cartwright had thin walls, but this was ridiculous. When they remodeled this hotel in 2004, they should have installed soundproofing. We had neighbors who got up at 5:30 a.m., we could hear their entire conversation as they got ready to leave, (clear as a bell) we could hear their TV, their radio, we could hear when they flushed their toilets. I am not kidding, we could hear EVERYTHING. Same way for the neighbor on the other side of us, we could hear all of their activities and conversations. Not only is this extremely frustrating, but it also made me realize that they could hear us, and this made me uncomfortable to say the least. On the plus side, the hotel was in a great location, the staff was friendly and accomodating (we had an 11:30 pm flight out of town and they kept our bags all day for free) and the room was clean and nicely furnished. The hotel is a great value if you are willing to put up with hearing the neighboring guests in their rooms. I liked the Carthwright, but would probably not stay there again for this reason.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>cntrystar8
<Content>Great Price and Value My husband and I stayed 1 night at the Cartwright for a short weekend getaway. We booked through TravelZoo for a spectacular price, $85 plus $20 for parking with in and out privellages! The Cartwright is a charming hotel, but it is a true boutique with small rooms that have been refurbished so many times there must be an inch of paint on the walls. But, it was very clean and comfortable. I trusted the Larkspur brand because we stayed at the Tiburon Lodge and I never slept in a more comfortable bed and bedding (the SF Union Square Hilton is second place for bedding). The bed at the Cartwright was not as good as Tiburon, but it was ok. The free bottles of water was a nice perk.The hotel offers a breakfast from 7-10am, but we slept in and missed it. The wine reception was decent, wish they had some cheese or crackers or some snack. The sitting rooms are beautiful and fun, I wish I had more time to curl up with a book or something. All in all, it was a perfect stay. We had a great seafood dinner at Scoma's that night, crab is in season!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t_rose72
<Content>Great value! I found a fantastic deal online for the Cartwright. It's a nice hotel overall with great location, plus the fact that they include an evening wine reception and breakfast was just amazing. The drawbacks are that the hotel is a bit older and the rooms are on the small side. Parking for the hotel is a couple of blocks away. Lucky for us, it was not raining. The positives were that the staff was fairly friendly and rooms were nice and clean, though again, a bit on the small side. The wine reception was fun, as we sipped on wine and chatted with other guests. Breakfast was a nice add, with cereals, waffles, coffee, etc. The locations is good, with plenty of things to do within walking and ease of finding a cab for the things that weren't close. Overall, an unbelievable deal for a weekend night stay in San Francisco!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jmorton
<Content>amazing and just perfect We loved it. Left the kids at home and just the two of us took off to SF. Tai, at the front desk was great and professional. The room was small, but the window opened (707) and we were out all day.Wireless internet, free, wine ands cookies- Free, Breakfast.. Freeee!ok so we got tired of the waffles, but there was yogurt and fruit and cereal too.Local shampoo products (lavish brand) very nice.. no aveda though.Clean, I even took a bath. I have never rated a hotel so high.We left the bags after check out bc our plane was in the evening.. FREE!Great location, buy a Muni pass- we used the bus, trolley cable car etc. The shops at the Wharf are odd, but the sea lions are sweet.Amazing sushi (sushi groove)......  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mzone
<Content>False advertising  We booked our room via the hotel's own website, specifically because we wanted a package in San Francisco, that included self-parking (with in and out privileges) in a good part of town. As it turns out, we would have been better off simply booking the room via Travelocity, Orbitz, or any number of discount sites, and then finding our own nearby parking. The parking garage offered by the hotel was a long city block away on the street behind the one where the hotel is located. It is a very steep climb back to the garage! In addition, it turns out the hotel lied about the self-parking' (vs. their more expensive valet), inasmuch as the garage insists on only providing valet parking!!! Every time we wanted outrcar, it was a long, hard walk back to the garage, only to hear the complaints of the valets, and the repeated prividing of $5 tips. The room (710) was the tiniest hotel room either of us has ever seen. The queen bed takes up most of the room; the bathroom was sized for a child; water pressure in shower almost non-existent; and they still use old-fashioned metal keys which can easily be copied. The closet was about half the size of the room, but the extra closet space was useless. This tiny room and valet parking for a one night stay came to around $200 with all of the taxes added-on. Although, on the positive side, the room was clean, and the staff friendly, this was NOT worth $200; We would certainly not stay there again at that price! Also, beware...in summertime, it can get very hot in that hotel, as it was almost unbearable even with the ceiling fan --- they have no A/C in the rooms. (This is a Larkspur properties hotel.)  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SHC707
<Content>Fair value for what you get. I wound up at the Cartwright because all the major hotels in SF were booked due to a convention. It's a block from Union Square. The price for a queen room was $149 + $20 per day for parking. Parking is a huge issue in SF so I would advise the parking package. I had read previous reviews where the rooms were small. They were right. This is not a hotel where one would want to spend much time in the room. It's a tourist hotel. The lobby is very nice. The staff are helpful and also have very good attutudes. They have a little wine hour in the evening and breakfast in the am. I missed breakfast because it was over at 9am. They should bump it up to 10am. Nine is a little early when one is doing the town the night before. I had to eat at a nearby restaurant. The staff did offer to get me something from the back, however I didn't want Special K and a bagle. Many writers complained about the noise. I didn't have that problem because I ended up with a room that faces a block wall. The streetside rooms are very noisy. I visited one and didn't think I would have been able to sleep because of the noise. Make sure you ask for a room that faces the wall. Much quieter. I found the bed to be very comfortable, the bathroom immaculate and the Aveda bath products where a breath of fresh air from paper wrapped Ivory soap. In my room the toilet area is very very small. There were mere inches from shoulder to wall. I can't imagine a big person using this facility. All in all, I would stay here again should all the major hotels be booked. I've stayed in other boutique hotels in SF before and this one is far better than most.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Loopster
<Content>Good location - Good service Loved the location - so close to Union Square and you can walk to so many key locations. Loved the authenticity - felt like I was part of the history of San Francisco. The hotel is old but it was clean, the bedding was fresh and the bathroom sparkled. Loved the service - the people at the desk were helpful and went out of the way to ensure we got everything we needed. Loved the free breakfast and wine reception - the free breakfast was a great way to save a bit of money and the waffles were great - the wine reception helped reduce our wine bill at dinner and was a great place to meet others and share the day's experiences. Loved the price - the hotel honoured a great deal that was briefly available on the internet even though I had already booked our rooms. $110.00 U.S. a night. Only problems - there was some work being done outside our rooms during the day which was a problem for those trying to get a catnap in late in the afternoon prior to going out for dinner. As well, we were there during an unbelievable cold snap and gettingthe temperature just right in the room was a bit difficult given the age of the hotel.  Cheers  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>JarodTX
<Content>Great Hotel My wife, 6 month old daughter, and myself stayed at the Cartwright Hotel for 3 nights in October. This was our first trip to SF. We enjoyed our stay very much and thought the accomodations were a very good value. The people were very helpful and curteous. While all SF boutique hotels have pretty small rooms, I thought ours was decently sized. It was also very clean and in a very safe part of town. Hotel staff provided us with a crib that fit easily in the room. Free wine in the evening is good if you like that sort of thing. I prefer food, and the continental breakfast was awesome. They have waffle makers and awesome Jimmy Dean sausage, egg, and cheese sandwiches. I filled up on breakfast and never found the need to eat lunch. The only negative aspect of the hotel is the noise level on the streets. Trip Advisor had prepared us for this, so we expected it to be this way if we ended up with a room on the street. Its not people, its the city picking up dumpsters at 2 a.m., just another interesting aspect of SF. I'm sure if I had pressed they would have put us in a different room, but we're very low maintenance customers. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and will stay there if we make it to SF again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AussiegirlSydney
<Content>Perfect Hotel in a perfect location I loved my stay at the Cartwirght Hotel! It is centrally located to great shopping and close to public transport. It is a comfortable 15-20 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf as well. Although the room was smallish it was not as small as I had anticipated after reading some of the other online reviews. It was more than sufficient for my husband and myself.One of the most important factors for me in booking a hotel was cleanliness and I can happily say that the room was extremely clean. The room I stayed in (502) was not noisy at all like some others have complained about. The hotel has a wine reception in the evenings where I met some lovely guests from other parts of the world. They also provide delicious choc chip cookies in the evenings and apples are available in the lobby all day long. The one thing I highly recommend is to pre-book your Alcatraz tour online. I thought I would book when I arrived but they were sold out during my stay in San Francisco (which was very disappointing). I highly recommend this hotel for couples wanting a central location and value for money. I loved my stay and will definitely book this hotel again when I return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CJfromCA
<Content>Well worth it! After reading MANY, MANY reviews on SF hotels my husband and I decided on this hotel. We were so glad! The location couldn't be any better. We drove from SoCal and pulled right up to drop off our luggage. Yes... the parking garage is up a hill and around the corner but my husband didn't mind the workout. Yes...the rooms are VERY small but what should you expect, it is SF! We even fit a playpen in our room after they kindly took out a dresser so we could fit it. Oh... and there is no such thing as a courtyard. We had a courtyard room and stared at a block wall. Luckily we were not it our room much. Maybe if you had a room higher up ( we were on the second or third level) ou could look at the sky :) Staff is more than helpful and kind here! They helped us find the busline to get to ATT park, which was way easier than one would expect! The wine, cookies (which were really small) and breakfast were all great! I made my own waffle every morning. For the price this is a real steal! I will stay here again and again!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bradj26
<Content>OK stay at the Cartwright I stayed at the Cartwright for 3 nights in late November. The hotel is centrally located and was great for shopping at Westfield, Macys and all that Union Square has to offer. I liked the free internet and 24/7 coffee. The room (as expected) was small. The bathroom had louvre windows which seemed to allow the street noise into the room. I expected the area to be noisy however the room was loud. One thing that I was aware of before I stayed at the hotel is that they use real keys. I didn't expect it to be a problem however in hindsight it would be a major factor in me considering another hotel on my next visit. If you are not careful you can inadvertently leave your room open (you have to lock the door with the key when leaving). I was also constantly worried about losing the key when out of the hotel. You are able to leave the key at reception, however they were often busy which meant waiting for the key everytime I returned to the hotel. I much prefer the card system and feel that a hotel of this standard should update. It is also possible to be locked in your room. Be careful not to lock your partner in the room. If you leave individually do not lock the door with the key - it is not possible to open the door from the inside when it is locked from the outside. All in all, the stay was ok, however I would probably experiment with another nearby hotel on my next visit.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>skl2
<Content>Noisy, average hotel I thought I did my homework in planning our SF 4 night stay, but I chose the wrong hotel in the wrong area.Of course, it isn't the hotel's fault that I hadn't expected the area to be so noisy/touristy, but it had only single-paned windows!When checking in, I politely requested a quiet room. We were given a room at the far end of a hallway, usually a good choice, except this one (706), had a direct view of the cable car tracks on Powell. Our first night was so sleepless from the general street noise/sirens and the cable cars, I was ready to change hotels! Instead, we asked to be moved to a quieter room on the opposite side of the hotel, which did help. But I found the noise level from the street and the hallways/other rooms to be too much, even for an older property.Both rooms were quaint, older hotel style, the size we expected and nicely decorated. The bathrooms were very clean. The shower did seem to come and go, but that's to be expected from an older property.There are many good restaurants within walking distance.We found the beds quite comfortable. We also liked that the blanket was enfolded with a second sheet, so you never touched it and got that nasty, other-people-have-slept-here-and-touched-this feel.The staff was not exceptionally friendly, but courteous. They did pour the wine freely and friendly at the nightly reception!The breakfast was as expected---ordinary continental fare with bagels, fruit, and yogurt. Oh, and make-it-yourself waffles.All in all, if I stayed again in the Union Square area, I would choose a chain hotel which had good soundproofing.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	1	5	3	3	3	

<Author>RogerCA
<Content>OK for the Frugal traveler or for a weekend getaway We arrived at the hotel that afternoon. We were told by the clerk that parking was an additional $28.50 and that the parking lot was on the next street over from the hotel (about 1.5 blocks and up a steep hill). Once the parking was squared away (which took about 0.5 hours-no fault of the hotel), I was able to get to the room. It is very small, with a queen size bed. I think I have stayed on cruises with larger rooms. The room was tastefully decorated, but the rooms are older, however clean. The hotel is pet friendly, but we requested a room that was pet free, ( we love animals, but my g/f has allergies) and they delivered on this. Our room had no view (the side of another building was about 10 feet away). The most difficult thing was, I do not think I slept for more than 10 minutes at a time because of the institutional bed (hard mattress). The cool thing about this hotel is that it is close to everything downtown (Union Square, theaters, other big hotels, Martket St., etc.) They did serve a nice, complimentary, light breakfast with Starbucks coffee, yogart, self serve waffles (nice treat), fruit, oatmeal, bagels, cereal, etc. The price is good for the value. There are restaurants, bars and cafes, all within walking distance (not on the premises-which worked fine for us) This hotel is set up for value, and standard rooms. Not for someone who is looking for the Omni, Hyatt or Hilton. For a Boutique hotel, it has the ammenities for the frugal traveler or weekend getaway.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jomkesana
<Content>Excellent Hotel!       Super clean room  the most comfortable bed  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pandac6
<Content>A gem of a hotel!!!!!!       Check out the complimentary toiletries  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sajsan
<Content>Stay away from this hotel; Tourist trap. Date: Oct 21-Oct27,2006.Arrived at the hotel after being recommended this great place. Was shown into a room that was 6'x10'. Outside window opened into an external staircase connecting various floors. Only source of ventilation was a fan. After complaining loudly, was moved to a better room 12'x12'. Air con was probably from early 80s'. Windows seem never to have been cleaned. Tiles badly mismatched and toilet was in bad condition.Had no choice but to stick it out due to no other hotels being available due to conference taking place.If this is not much, you can hear what happens in the next bathroom and room. There is also a room to quote another fellow traveller - shower comes on for 2 mins only at a time.Staff is not at all friendly or helpful. Not impressed with my experience and do not recommended it.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>coateseric
<Content>A great Hotel. Great Location A great little hotel, on the edge of Union Sq. Handy for all the sight. shops and restaurants. An easy walk to Fishermans Wharf.The hotel has had a recent re furb and is very clean and tidy. Rooms a liuttle small BUT the good free breakfast is spot on. Managers FREE wine 5pm to 6pm.A great little hotel in a great location.Eric.England  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lextrvlr
<Content>We were delighted Our stay in San Francisco at the Cartwright Hotel was a very pleasant and unexpected surprise. This is an OLD property that has been nicely refurbished into a unique boutique hotel. With nice amenities, great beds, an outstanding breakfast, very good complimentary wines in the evening, an older sophisticated clientele (many European), and personal service; we were delighted. Spent two night here and would return on any future visit to San Francisco. Though the rooms tend to be small, we had a deluxe king and found it ot be more than adequate with a dresser, desk. king bed, big closet, bay-window and great little touches such as terry robe, bottled water, quality fixtures, and very nce bath amenities. We are seniors and were very comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Singaporetraveller37
<Content>Excellent staff and great location Stayed at the cartwright for a total of 6 days. Must say i was very pleased with my stay there. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. Booking tours/airport shuttles were a ease with with the ever helpful conceige. Breakfast selection was great and there was no problem getting a table at all. Last but not least, it is very near to union square and the westfield shopping center is just a few blocks away. I would greatly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great experience at san francisco without paying a high price  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>handbagcollector
<Content>perfect location this hotel is well-positioned for most of the things you would want to do in SF. high points being very close to Union Square, tram stop, walgreens, a diner and china town. the rooms are perhaps a little small but normal for a city. beds and sheets are nice. sitting down for breakfast is a problem at peak times ie 8.30-9am. best time to go is 7am but if you are on holiday not so attractive! the breakfast itself is pretty good. fresh bagels and cream cheese, make your own waffles etc. only thing is coffee in paper cups ugh. we had breakfast in the diner too one morning. not a bad choice overall  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pinkois
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed 5 nights at the start of October and loved this place. The location is perfect for seeing San Francisco. The complimentary breakfast is amazing. I recommend that you get down to breakfast before 8.30 though, if you dont want to be fighting for a table! The staff were lovely. Yes, the room was tiny, but we had expected that from other people's reviews and the fab location more than made up for this. The one criticism I have is that our bathroom (while clean) was in need of renovation and looked shabby. We never actually made it to any of the drinks receptions, although I think lots of other people did and this was a great feature.Generally the clientele was quite old. We are in our mid twenties and were one of only a handful of younger couples staying there, but as this really only meant that the place was lovely and peaceful!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sky7
<Content>Very nice When i saw the outside of the hotel i instantly liked it- red carpet leading to the door from the street - how nice! The minute we went through the door we were greeted by Micheal the manager who is a very friendly guy and treat us as if we'd known him for years!! Quite eccentric too :) The lobby was pleasent and comfortable and the lift was fast. Our room was delightful- we were on our honeymoon and had previously stayed in New York and LA, but this was by far the nicest hotel. Michael had left us a a letter to congratulate us, along with complimentry fresh fruit and a bottle of wine (I don't know if we received fruit and wine because we were on our honeymoon or because it is standard). The room was nicely decorated, the bed was extremely comfortable and it was all nice and fresh. That is until my new husband ruined it by using the toilet and stinking the joint out! Michael told us the best places to go and eat at which we went to, and he was spot on (Jons Grill, about 5 blocks down). A continental breakfast was also served in the morning, which is the only thing i felt let this hotel down a little. The room in which we ate in was a bit bleak as there was no windows, and the breakfast was just average. Even so though, we had a fabulous time and the hotel complimented the beauty and uniqueness of San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dennyw
<Content>Free wine  We stayed at this hotel near Union Square after reading all the positive reviews in Trip Advisor.It is very central- the trolley runs down the street about 4 buildings away, there's a bus stop almost outside the door, Lori's Diner is two doors down, Subway  Burger King several blocks away  lots of restaurants around.Breakfast was substantial, with cereals, fruit, juices, waffles you could make yourself,  toast, muffins etc. There were lots of newspapers in there too. At 3pm in the Library you could get home made cookies (I particularly liked the choc chip ones  peanut butter ones) and between 5 and 6 each evening they have wine tasting (in very large wine glasses!) There is a choice of red  white  I loved coming down  chatting with people from all over the world - a little wine makes everyone very friendly!The concierge  front desk are all very friendly  helpful,  you find a complimentary sample bag of toiletries etc in your room when you arrive, which is a nice touch. There is tea  coffee making facilities in each room, but we liked to go down to the dining room to make ours with fresh milk (running 24 hours)  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>buster33
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed at the Cartwright in September for 4 nights and we reccommend this place to anyone looking for a good location and moderately priced but, most importantly, clean hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>essexbirdie
<Content>Great location and value for money My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights very recently. Great location for Union Square and all the sights. We had a small room with no view but very quiet. However the hotel made up for their small rooms by putting good toiletries in the room and coffee machine, iron and board etc. Comfortable bed. Very helpful staff. Only down side for us was the breakfast. Serve yourself. Find a table, which usually we had to wait for and all plastic crockery which you had to throw away yourself. All in all we had a great time and would book again or recommend.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>LuAnn
<Content>Wonderful location...lots of extra value! Great location, and lots of extras! Water bottles in the room were complimentary!! and a complimentary Wine reception from 5 to 6 pm each night..great way to meet guest from other parts of the world! (seems like many Europeans were staying here) A very complete continental breakfast...a helpful staff re restaurants, transportation etc! We were told that many of the staff have worked there 20 years or MORE! Quite a testament to the hotel/owners. Small room...but the hotel was totally re-furbished in 04 so great bed, linens...small but clean and has all you really need! 1/2 block to Union Square and the street car line...you could not ask for more...and for us $129.00 per night!!!! AWESOME!!!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cly516
<Content>Very nice hotel Great hotel, Yes it is a bit small but with a little organization it worked great. Very quite, clean and a good base for the 4 days in the city. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Rachel26
<Content>A lovely hotel We stayed here for our honeymoon whilst staying in SF for 3 nights. We booked the room through their website and on arrival our room had been upgraded and there was a welcome gift and letter for us - very thoughtful.The hotel is perfectly situated for all the sites with the cable car practially just outside the front door.I agree it was a struggle to find a seat for breakfast but the food was good and the free daily wine tasting was a bonus!Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for somewhere reasonably priced to stay in SF.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TMG1
<Content>Great value for the location This hotel isn't going to win any prizes for interior design or spacious bathrooms. However, this hotel is in a fantastic location which was a priority for us. There is so much to do in SF that you will be out early and only coming back to your room to crash out. The buffet breakfast will set you up for the day, but I agree with some of the other reviews about having to wait for a table on some mornings. The hotel is just off Union Square so there are plenty of shops and restaurants in your immediate area. Just outside the hotel is a Walgreens and Lori's Diner (which was open until 3am the night we arrived and very handy when you're too tired to venture any further away - just beware the huge portions!). This hotel is a fraction of the price of the other chain hotels in the same area.The city transport is great and cheap - you won't need taxis here. Cable cars run from outside the hotel and bus stops are very close by. The hotel is also really close to an Alamo car rental branch on Bush Street.If you just want a value-for-money hotel that offers a great base to explore the city from then I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>JJJTC
<Content>Nice hotel Nice hotel. Rooms on the small side, but I expected that from other reviews. We are more concerned that the rooms are clean and comfortable. This hotel fit both of those. I lke the later check out at 12:00. They were very good about keeping out luggage way before our check in time and also holding it after for a few hours. Union Square and the trolley were very close. We had a room on the side and didn't have much noise, even with the window open. We also enjoyed the free glass of wine in the afternoon. The breakfast buffet was very good and alot of choices. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>debradefreyn
<Content>The Cartwright was just right! My husband and I, along with his 80 yr old uncle and aunt, just returned from staying at the Cartwright Hotel in San Francisco. We all were very pleased with the hotel. It is located just a few blocks up the Powell St trolley line - and just up from Union Square - at the corner of Sutter and Powell. The rooms were what you should expect at a smaller hotel. They are just roomy enough to sleep - do not expect to put your children on the floor to play games, etc., or to feel as though you would spend the day in the room. But for the price they are very clean, quiet, and nice. The hotel has an expanded continental breakfast every morning and also has a wine reception every night from 5-6. We found the staff friendly and helpful. Again, for the price and the location we thought this was a great place to stay and will definitely consider staying there again on our next trip!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Everton1
<Content>On our way back! From Liverpool, UK       union sq 1 block away  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>denvernicole
<Content>Loved the Cartwright Hotel       The Cartwright Hotel (tall building in the middle)  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarah1979
<Content>Geat Base!            
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>daultn
<Content>Ok if you don't plan on spending much time in your room My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The location is great, short walk to Union square and cable car, as well as many restaurants and bars. The room was not too expensive, service was good, staff was helpful. The breakfast buffet was ok.However, our room on the second floor was small and the bathroom tiny (you had to step over the toilet to get into the bathtub). Our view was the wall of the building right next to us, so we did not get much light. Walls are pretty thin and we could hear other guests talking in the hallway. Also there is only one elevator in the hotel, which was not a problem because we were staying on the second floor, but if you are staying on a higher floor, you might have to wait a long time.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>VickiRuth
<Content>Rooms so small we had to get two This seemed like a reasonably priced hotel (for SanFrancisco) when we booked a room with a rollaway bed for our son. (At the time we were told there were no rooms with two double beds - when we checked in we discovered they had just rented out the last two rooms with two beds that very day!) Once we got to our room it was obvious that there was NO WAY a rollaway bed or cot could ever fit anywhere in this tiny room - there was barely room for three people to stand. As a result we rmoved to a suite at double the price and it ended up being a VERY expensive week-end. The location was nice, as was the evening wine bar; the breakfast was OK. Oh - and there's no air conditioning.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>MiataMama
<Content>A Surprising Treat We spent the weekend of July 15/16, 2006 at the Cartwright Hotel, based purely on the recommendations I read on this site. I was actually expecting something like a small, older, European hotel. The Cartwright was amazing! Small, elegant, with a pleasant staff who were very knowlegable about the city and what to see. The room was small, but nicely appointed and the queen bed and linens were top quality. There was no airconditioning but the temperatures in SF rarely warrant it - we could open the windows for fresh air at night (on the 4th floor). A wine hour every afternoon gave us the opportunity to meet other guests and share the days adventures, and the breakfast buffet was more than adequate. We could walk a half block to the Powell St cable car, but it was usually crowded at that stop. We found SF's taxi cabs to be clean and reasonably priced and they usually came with a built in tour guide, unlike many US cities where English is optional in that business. The Cartwright will definitely be our hotel of choice when we return to San Francisco!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel The hotel is excellent and close to Union Square, the cable cars , trains and buses. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights and found the hotel excellent. After having a 7 hour delay we arrived in the early hours, to be greated by a smile and were even asked if we would like something to eat. The Rooms although quite small were very clean and comfortable and had pleasant decor.The breakfast was above average but was only served until 9am on weekdays, which is a bit early if you want a lie in but at weekends it is extended until 10am. Sometimes seating was a problem at breakfast as the tables get very busy at 8.30am as everyone rushes to have breakfast before it is taken away. Better to go down early.The staff were extremly helpful although sometimes a little difficult to understand, and nothing was to much trouble for them. Safe deposit boxes were available at no charge.San Franscisco was lovely but beware it can be cold and was only in the lower 60's in July when we visited so we had to buy fleeces in order to be warm. They are readliy available in the shops and markets, traders must make a fortune.Alcatraz in worth a visit and a ride on the cable cars is a must. The Golden Gate is a fantastic sight.Would we stay at the Cartwright again if we visited San Fransisco? Without a doubt we would its a gem. I would reccomend it to anyone.I  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gdekui
<Content>fine location We read carefully the reviews before booking 3 nights at Cartwright and I must say that most of the observations are true. The room we got was indeed small but not too small. The walk-in cupboard was very usefull to drop all our lugguage and other stuff. I was impressed with the amenities of the hotel and the wireless internet connection was fast and useful. The location is without doubt very convenient to all tourist areas in town. What bothers me a bit was the fact that the walls are thin and since there is no separate hall in our room, which would have allow more distance between the bed and the noise produces by activities in the corridor, I could hear other hotel guests talking while they came in late at night. But my girlfriend didn't seem to be bothered by it, so it depends on your own tolerance to noise. We didn't use the television so we pushed it away from the entrance of the bathroom, but I can imagine why one reviewer said that they almost bumped their head to the corner of the tv. The continental breakfast is not bad considering the diversity of what's served. We like the self-made waffles. The service of the hotel is friendly. I wouldn't say that the hotel is very good (peace vs noise is very important to me), but it's certainly above average and therefore recommendable.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amh-c
<Content>Great value for active people Cartwright is a smaller hotel reminiscent of days gone by with a warm, slightly victorian feel. If you are looking for a sleek hotel with a spa and oodles of amenities- this is not for you. The rooms are fine but you will be miserable if you are the type of person that stays in your hotel room for most of the vacation. I state this because the rooms are small. What you will get is a clean room and decent bath products. The breakfast is a good continental selection and they serve decent wine every day for a wine hour in the lobby. There is also a cute little library on premises with access to internet ($$) if you do not have your laptop with wifi connection. Cartwright is about 4-5 blocks to Chinatown, Union Square, and the Theater District. It is also close to great shopping. If you are active and don't mind walking a few blocks, this is an economical and convenient choice. Folks at the front desk and concierge were helpful and pleasant. The manager personally greeted us at breakfast and inquired about our stay. We would stay again. Tip: elevator is a little slow so ask for a lower level floor.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Steadfast
<Content>Dear old Cartwright            
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I heart Cartwright After reading previous reviews of this hotel on this site I decided that it would be where I would spend my week in San Francisco in June 06. Cartwright is indeed deserving of the glowing reviews on this site. This hotel is one of the best values I have ever had when traveling. The rooms are not as large as more modern hotels (I think modern hotel rooms are too big though) but who stays in a hotel room while in SF anyway? Honestly it didn't bother me at all and added to the charm of my stay. More importantly the room was clean, up to date, the sheets were better than most hotels, the bed was comfortable, and the WiFi is fast and reliable (I find that the large hotel chains offer spotty WiFi at best, that is IF they offer it at all). Furthermore, the staff was sincerely friendly and attentive, they clearly took pride in the hotel and making sure their guests have an enjoyable stay. More importantly the location of this hotel cannot be beat in my opinion. You are right next to the Powell St. cable car line, across from a Walgreens (very convenient when traveling), walking distance to Chinatown and north beach, and a stone's throw to the Powell St. muni station which is a hub to get anywhere in the city. When I return to SF I will definately be staying at the Cartwright again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>angelface52786
<Content>Gem on Union Square First of all the location of this hotel is great...Right on Union Square. It's affordable, charming, and the staff is friendly. The complimentary breakfast is great, and the rooms are large. I had a suite with a separate living area...We even had a balcony that looked out onto Sutter Street. It was great. They bring ice to your room, or any other thing you may need. The showers feel like cascading water on your back...There's no AC, but in San Francisco you really don't need it. Open some windows and let the city air cool you off. I loved this hotel, and when I return to the city it will be at the top of my list...It's a great find.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Olimu
<Content>Gem of a hotel, hope the good reviews don't make it too popular I spent 6 nights last week in this hotel. It was excellent and am so glad I followed the previous reviews and recommendations of colleagues before I booked it as I wasn't dissappointed. The rooms are small but contain a certain character which is lost in larger chain hotels. Housekeeping was great and I too was comtemplating taking the bed home with me :) The location is perfect and it was a short walk to the conference I was attending in the Moscone centre. I didn't find the staff over friendly but this was a welcomed relief after dealing with the false sincerity of US shop assistants. In short a gem of a hotel, suitable for all age groups regardless of the reason for your trip.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a great hotel we have just returned from a two week stay at the cartwright and i must say we were not dissapointed.The breakfast was excellant but a little on the early side finishing at 9.00am mid week 10am at weekends.We had read about the hotel before booking and have to say the reviews were acurate. the location of this hotel is excellant moments from union square and a step away from the cable car line which takes you to fishermans wharf.The staff are very helpful and pleasant and the wine hour is a nice touch the rooms are kept lovely by the housekeeper and the bed was fantastic i wanted to take it home it was so comfy. all in all a great stay and we loved san francisco go to Sausalito if your trip allows it was such a lovely place you get the ferry from fishermand wharf.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So small I hit my head on the TV... The Cartwright has many good points -- but room size and reliable locks are two of their failings.Our room ($169. US) included queen bed, self parking, and continental breakfast. Not a bad price, and a great location. But I'd look for another hotel next time for 2 reasons. #1. The room size was so small both my husband and I hit our heads on the TV (mounted on the wall) when entering or leaving the washroom (especially at night). The TV has foam bumpers on it, so obviously this has been a problem that others have encountered. I am only 5'2 so I was a bit surprised to have to worry about banging into the TV!#2. The room we were in had a big problem with the lock. I was lying down for a rest before dinner, when my husband went out for a few hours. He locked the door from the outside. When I went to leave the room, I found I was locked in! The door needed to be unlocked from the outside -- the inside turning knob was a 'dummy' and did nothing... Fortunately there was no fire or I would have been in real trouble. I complained to the front desk and they offered us a choice: to move to another room or take a small discount. As we were leaving the next day (and were aware of the problem) we took the discount. But I wonder if this is a problem with more rooms there?! The dummy turning knob is probably common to all doors. My advice: Check the lock if you stay at the Cartwright.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Clive1
<Content>Good Hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Cartwright Hotel and we enjoyed our time there. The room was small but was clean, well presented in a period style and had the usual facilities. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the hotel had free wine tasting each day between 5pm  6pm. On the Friday, they also had a group of classical music students who played during this time. The hotel doesn't have a bar/restaurant or any pool/gym facilities. In terms of location, the hotel is about 100m from Union Square and 50m from one of the Cable Cars routes, that runs to Fishermans Wharf. There are many bars and restuarants to choose from in this area, apart from a huge number of shops including the big departmentals. A bar on the 21st floor of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel, which is just across the road, is a great place to view the skyline. The Hotel offers a complimentary breakfast which is cereals, muffins  waffles. Be aware that it finishs at 9am during the week which was earlier then we would have liked! Overall, we enjoyed our stay and it is a great base from which to explore San Francisco, and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marais75012
<Content>good hotel, excellent management I spent three days at the Cartwright; it was my second trip to San Francisco, and after a bad hotel experience on my first tip a few years ago, I chose the Cartwright because of the good reviews here.I had a deluxe King room which was tastefully decorated with real hardwood furniture. I appreciated the fact that the windows could actually be opened, a feature not found on most of the more modern hotels. My room was on the 6th floor on the front side, which means that the traffic can be heard. Living in a big city myself, I didn't bother. The good location has been mentioned quite often here, but what really makes the Cartwright different is the management. The manager's wine reception is a nice touch, and the chamber music group playing after our arrival on friday was a welcome surprise. The breakfast is better than the usual Continental, the waffles deserve a special mention. If I had to suggest an improvement, I would make the coffee somewhat stronger (you guessed it, I'm from Europe), and provide real glasses and mugs instead of the plastic tableware. We simply brought our in room mugs down to the breakfast buffet and were happy.I could go on and on to mention the many small details that make this hotel different, like the free water bottles or the cozy library room next to the lobby. The management is attentive to detail, which is a great plus if you have come to know uniform hotel chains. I would also like to mention that the reservations desk was very helpful and courteous. I had a good feeling about the Cartwright even before I arrived, and I was not disappointed. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>philipo49
<Content>Great hotel in perfect location! So good we returned!       Erin in Room 711  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Weekfun
<Content>I immediately felt at home. The place and the people are great. I just returned from a four night stay at the Cartwight. It was great. I didn't know anything about San Francisco, so I used the ratings and reviews from Trip Advisor -- basically I found all of the positive comments mentioned here to be true. The hotel staff is great  will go out of their way to help you. There is a real homey feel to the place. I arrived on a Friday evening, to a wine reception and the lovliest chamber quintet. It was really pleasant to get to know the other guests a bit, too.  Breakfast has a lot of choices. It would be hard not to find something you like: waffles, pastries, cereal, fruit, yougurt, bagels, muffins. The all-day tea  coffee (good tea and coffee, by the way) was appreciated, and the fresh-baked cookies were a treat. I spent some early evenings in the library, reading and sipping wine -- very nice!! The diner next door is convenient. The location of the hotel is central to everything. Yes, the rooms are small. I actually had one of the smallest rooms, but it was cozy, clean, comfortable and had a big closet. This is NOT a Hilton, Marriott or any other big chain hotel -- Thank Goodness! This hotel has lots of character; the furnishings are antiquey; and the whole thing has quiet elegance. I was on the fifth floor  could hear the cable car go by (I like to keep the window open). It didn't bother me, but I suppose you could ask for a quieter room in the back if you are particularly sensitive to street noise. I really can't think of any caveat or anything to watch out for. I would stay here again if I am in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back from a one night stay at this hotel. We had a King room and didn't find the room too small; we even had room to set up a portable crib for our baby. Even though our room faced the street, street noise was not an issue at all, although the noise I did hear was from the room next to us that had an ajoining door which woke us at 6:00 AM. This hotel reminded me of hotels that I have stayed at in Paris and it had a European flair to it. The location is excellent although next time I will ask for a room that doesn't have an ajoining door to another room.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent in most respects I recently stayed there for 5 days and had a great expereince. Overall I would easily recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a unique place to stay, with amazing staff and a location that offers easy access to many local attractions including the business section, Chinatown and proximately to Fishermans wharf. The cablecar on Powell St. is about 90 ft outside the front door so its very convenient and a transit pass can be purchased across the street at Walgreens. My room was nicely appointed with period furniture and modern electronics including a remote for the ceiling fan ( that didn't work though) Nice bathroom with high end Avena toiletries although the water pressure was a bit unpredictable. The Windows could be opened for a fresh air which was nice. I do recommend buying earplugs though as traffic is noisy and starts early.Breakfast was great with nice selection of hot and cold, including waffles, breakfast sandwiches and fruit.The staff were very good and make every attempt to satisy all needs of persons staying there. Overall a definite thumbs up and I would stay again for sure.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely room, great front desk First off, the hotel is quite charming. The lobby is ornate, and the rooms have character! It's in a bustling neighborhood that is a great location for getting about San Francisco. It's also even a little on the inexpensive side, especially considering the great value.That being said, checking in was a nightmare, with no fault to the hotel itself. (Long story short, my bank decided the charges from multiple locations looked suspicious, and after much pleading with the bank, things were mostly taken care of.) Although this was quite an embarassing situation, the lady at the front desk mixed the right amount of compassion and humour, and eventually, everything worked out fine.So, bottom line? Lovely hotel, comfortable rooms, great front desk lady!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Saffy2
<Content>Sweet little hotel I just loved this hotel. We were on the 6th floor, the smallness of the room was quite surprising but we had a huge walk-in cupboard that soon made up for the lack of space.(The cupboard even contained a fridge!). The decoration and furnishings set a romantic atmosphere and the bed was well fitted with comfortable pillows. The bathroom was also quite small but there were plenty of towels and the bath products were really good quality. Sadly the water pressure varied with every toilet flush from the other rooms, but at least the water temperature remained constant which was a bonus. The hotel provided complimentary bottled water and good quality Numi tea which was a pleasant contrast to the usual Liptons. The free wireless worked faultlessly. The best thing about this hotel was the breakfast which provided cerals, oatmeal, toast, bagels, waffles, fruit, eggs, muffins and a range of juices and coffees/teas. The two staff members on duty never stopped helping people with the waffle makers or providing additional napkins, plates or fruit. The eating area was also well decorated which enhanced the pleasantness of the hotel in general. The location of the hotel is also fantastic, it is a short walk from the station and a block from the cable car. The cafe across the road is also nice for dinner or lunch, coffees start at $2.I look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Cartwight is an absolute disaster paper thin wallssour milk at breakfastparking a block awaytiny roomsAfter lying awake for 3 hours, I finally went to Walgreen's at midnight and bought ear plugs and a fan to drown out the noise from the street. An absolute disaster.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel Will stay at the Cartwright again. This hotel was very clean, had a great breakfast, excellent service and was close to the cable car line. They also had cookies in the afternoon and wine from 5 to 6 and fruit, water, and coffee 24 hours. Everyone was so friendly at this hotel. If me and my hubby ever go back, we will stay at the Cartwright again!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SnowBel19
<Content>A Perfect Spot! We had a fabulous stay at The Cartwright in January and I considered writing a review. However, I was COMPELLED after yet another outstanding act of service from this star hotel! First of all, the hotel is charmingly decorated, very clean and very well-maintained for it's age. The rates for this terrific location (Union Square, right at a cable car stop) are very reasonable, and the real value is that you are given exceptional service by the entire staff! Everyone was friendly and accomodating, especially as we had a toddler in tow. I also have to mention the B'fast Buffet-no cheesy stale bagels and old fruit here! They had delicous sausage, egg and cheese biscuits, homemade waffles, fresh bagels and big muffins, along with fruit and ceral and eggs. Only the juice wasn't delicious, but I'm a spoiled FL OJ girl. The reason I had to write a review was that after our trip we realized that we left a toy of my daughter's in the room, which belongs to a set-and she was really missing it. I called the hotel and the item was sent to us promptly. My daughter was so excited! If you're staying in downtown San Fran, don't miss this jewel!ps-DO NOT go to the sushi restaurant on the NE side of the block along Union St.(not affiliated w/ the hotel) We were having dinner there and a RAT ran through the dining room! EW!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a sterile chain hotel! (Hooray!) Spent one night at the Cartwright with my teenage daughter. We had a king deluxe room which was a decent size and had lovely furnishings and amenities. The bed was very comfortable and even though our room, which had a front and side window, faced Sutter and was close to Powell, it was surprisingly quiet. The bathroom was tiny but modern and well appointed. We kept the louvered windows slightly open for ventilation and it was noisy but we had no plans to sleep there!All staff were helpful and friendly and the location is great. The fresh cookies and wine in the library were good and the breakfast was perfect for us.We are not tourists (live an hour away)but enjoy spending a night in the city every now and then and my other daughter lives in a dorm near the Cartwright. The hotel definitely has more of a European flavor than the large sterile chains many of us were raised with. I personally like a little different and sometimes quirky places. You can get the Marriott anywhere!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel near Union Square        The door to our room. Very quaint and cute!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Good find It's all been said in previous posts, small (yet tasteful and renovated) rooms, friendly staff, ample breakfast and wine tastings. This hotel has it all. You would be lucky to find another like it for the same price. Location is great, so close to cable cars, trains, shops etc. Try the walk from the Legion of Honour to Seal Rocks then lunch at Cliff House,it is fantastic. San Francisco is my new favourite city.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>puedeba2004
<Content>Tiny Rooms, but many amenities to make up for that. The Cartwright offers all sorts of amenities found in large luxury hotels, probably to compensate for the fact that the rooms are very, very tiny (12' x 12 feet), as are the bathrooms. However, although I found such small rooms clausterphobic and moved to the Herbert Hotel after two days, you may not feel that way. At any rate these small rooms are furnished in a very elegant style, with expensive drapes, attractive wallpaper, expensive linens and bedspreads. There is an overhead fan and, best of all, most of the rooms face the sides of the building, so they are very, very quiet. The furnishings, tiling, wallpaper, paint, etc. seem very new. The bath is newly tiled and contains an old fashioned 6' long tub, which is wonderful to soak in. They provide thick, luxurious towels and all the little soaps, shampoos, etc., that you find in deluxe hotels. The free continental breakfast is really more like a full breakfast, with many, many choices, including waffle batter that you turn into wafles yourself ona provided waffle iron. The staff of the hotel is truly wonderful. They are not intrusive, but warm, friendly, and helpful with advice about nearby good restaurants (many!). The hotel itself is only about a block from Union Square, so it is in the middle of everything. Parking with in and out privileges is available at a guarded building behind the hotel for $25 a day (very inexpensive by San Francisco standards). Again, if you don't suffer from clausterphobia you will certainly like the Cartwright.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shirley_Peters
<Content>Wow, a real key for the door!       Cartwright Hotel  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>july22sue
<Content>Lovely Location We stayed over Thanksgiving weekend. It's location, so close to Union Square, was wonderful for our shopping expedition. The hotel staff was exceptionally friendly and courteous. It was my daughter's birthday and a card with a dish of fruit and cheese were sent to our room. A nice surprise. We also partook of the wine tasting in the evening. A very nice relaxing way to end a day of shopping and to prepare for dinner. There were cookies and beverages available for the younger crowd. Of note: The bathroom was exceptionally small, and the room is on the small side as well, but we expected that, given that it is a boutique hotel in San Fran. That is the only true negative I can give it. Yes, I would and will return.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!!! I recently stayed for a visit for Thanksgiving. I had stayed in San Francisco before, but in the financial district. This hotel is a real find! The location is great- close to everything, Chinatown, Union Square,  the Theatre District. It was also nice to have a Walgreen's right across the street. I felt safe walking around at night. The staff was so friendly and helpful. I also enjoyed the value of the breakfast included- and what a selection! The coffee bar is great too. The hotel isn't the fanciest one I've ever stayed in..but it was such a great value for your money, so it was fine. The staff and the amenities made up for it.The rooms are a little small I'll probably look at the suite next time. However, given the little time I spent in the room, it was fine. I will definitely stay at the Cartwright again! Great stay!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>candle1
<Content>cartw"right" on the money We stayed at the Cartwright Hotel recently and were very pleased with our stay. We booked through American Airline Vacations and received a package flight/hotel deal with a room upgrade and discounted room rate. What we liked: the breakfast, not your ordinary continental; there is a little breakfast room that is cozy and sausage biscuits, waffles, eggs,cereal, bagels, muffins, fruits, yogurt, a selection of juices, milk, coffee and tea. The rooms were cozy and nice with a historic feel. (just make sure you lock your adjoining room or you may get an unexpected visitor:)Excellent service and when you arrive at the hotel, they give you a little fruit tray and some ghiradelli chocolates and a special note--what a nice welcome. Every afternoon there are cookies in the library (the oatmeal raisin are the best) and wine at 5 in the lobby. The lobby has a cozy feel to it as well. Complaints: TV on in the library when you are trying to read (the staff were watching the TV so it was awkward to ask them to turn it off). You can hear everything through the walls in the room and bathroom as though other guests are in the same room with you. I am talking about normal levels of conversation. And, there was urine on our bathroom toilet seat when we arrived although the bowl was clean. All in all it was a good stay, though.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Erie03
<Content>Excellent value While the Cartwright is not a fancy hotel, it was a great value. Our room was good sized for a downtown hotel room and one thing my wife appreciated was the Aveda toiletries. The breakfast was good for a continental breakfast and the hotel had fresh cookies in the afternoon and a wine reception in the lobby in the evenings. Not anything big, but it is a nice touch. The location of the hotel was very convenient to the cable car lines and BART line that takes you to either Oakland or SF airports. We would definitely recommend the Cartwright for its great location, nice rooms, and value.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Candleuk
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Cartwright Room 2  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NJTraveler79
<Content>Not Perfect, But Not Bad Good location, nice (although small) rooms, and free wireless internet (which worked). We found most of the staff to be friendly and helpful. Breakfast was more plentiful than your typical continental breakfast. Nice wine hour each evening, and on Fridays, a youth orchestral performs during this time.While the rooms were clean, the bath supplies were never replenished and vacuuming at eight in the morning is simply too early, especially on a weekend. While you could hear the trolley from our room, it didn keep us awake.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bluelobster1
<Content>This place was great!!! This Hotel was great value. It was reasonably priced for a modern but oldy worldy style hotel. The rooms were clean and well presented with a television (cable TV) a bath tub and a desk. The Complimentary Buffet Breakfast was also good value along with cookies in the afternoons, free wine hour and 24 hour Coffee and tea. The Consierge (Tom) was also very accomodating and friendly.The hotel itself is in the best location in the city, two blocks from Union Square, Cable Car stops and Bart station. There are many restraunts and shops within easy walking distance. Plus Bobby's Owl Tree is a couple of blocks away it is definatley worth a visit if only for Bobby himself!! I would reccomend this hotel to anyone who is visiting San francisco and would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Obus3
<Content>Definitely tired ! We stayed at the Cartwright for two nights at the start of an extended vacation to the San Francisco area. The location of the hotel is quite good for doing most things without a car.However, the room was tiny, wiring was exposed, paint is chipping and the whole place looked to us like it needed to be closed for a few months and be renovated to bring it up to date.The continental buffet was a real downer for us - low quality - and so the second morning we went to Lori's Diner - highly recommeded - for a real breakfast.The staff are friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay here again We recently stayed at the Cartwright Hotel and had a great experience. The hotel is close to Union Square - about a three block walk through a nice safe area with great restaurants and shops. The rooms were clean, the staff friendly, and the nightly wine tasting was fun. We will definitely stay at the Cartwright again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel!!!       Front View  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>madmand
<Content>great location Great location next to cable car stop  just around the corner from union sq. Rooms small but clean  adequate. Free continental breakfast was very nice  kept us going until lunch time/late afternoon. Staff very friendly  helpful. Wine aftrenoon was great got everyone together from the hotel  we met some very intresting people.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, Perfect location, great stay       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Arles
<Content>Perfect location My husband and I spent 3 nights at The Cartwright Hotel. The location was perfect. Our room was perfect - we had one with 2 beds. The beds were comfortable and the room clean. Breakfast surpassed our expectations except for the lack of seating. There was room enough to add more tables and chairs. My one complaint would be the front office staff. We did not find any of them to be friendly and helpful! They did not offer or promote information such as the wine hour in the lobby or 24 hour coffee being available. It was our understanding the hotel had wireless internet which was one of the reasons we booked there. However, my husband spent hours on the phone with a technician in Vancouver, Canada trying to get the wireless internet to work. Turned out to be something wrong with the hotel itself but they did not want to know.Never mind. We had a lovely stay in San Francisco and yes, I would go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>smandel44
<Content>Very Adequate This hotel was perfect for a relatively cheap and perfectly located hotel in SF. My wife and I were quite satisfied. The breakfast was nice and the rooms were cute and cozy, although small. You get what you pay for and more here. We payed 89.wkday and 99.wkend.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location The location is perfect. You are a few blocks from cable cars, MUNI transporation, Union Square, China Town etc. The area is safe and clean. We took full advantage of public transporation. Our cable car stopped on the same street as the hotel. The bus line to take you to Fishermans Wharf was only three blocks away(UNION SQ Station).Buy the transporation tickets ahead of time. It saves you time and money in buying tickets. It covers all MUNI and cable car transportation.The room is small but if you are out most of the day touring that wont be a problem. The beds are clean and maid services clean the room everyday.The hotel staff are friendly and the free continental breakfast is perfect in saving money on meals.Check-in time is 3pm, so if you are there early, you can store your bags at the hotel while you go and see the sights of S.F.I would recommend this place to all my friends and family.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmatrun
<Content>Great hotel, great location Stayed at the Cartwright for 3 nights with my wife and we loved it. Granted the rooms and bathrooms are small, but considering you are less than 2 blocks from Union Square and about 20 paces from Powell Street, and the price, I cant complain. This place was clean and well-organized - I never felt cramped in the room or bathroom...and the closet is huge, so you can store all your bags in there and keep them out of site. There was also a mini-fridge in our closet, which was nice for keeping cold drinks.Breakfast is included in the hotel fee and is pretty good -coffee, tea, juices, cereal, waffles, muffins, pastries, bagels, toast, fruit, etc. There is also free coffee available throughout the day in the lobby.All in all, this hotel was excellent for the price and I would stay here again and again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alment
<Content>Good Location  We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Cartwright Hotel. We had read the reviews and therefore knew what to expect i.e. small rooms but clean. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The bathroom is tiny and the tiles in our room were old and some cracked but clean. Watch your head when exiting the bathroom to avoid the hanging TV... they have foam on the side but you can still see tweetie birds if you are not careful. The high speed internet was great and the complimentary breakfast was awesome and made it worth the stay. The location is excellent right by US. This is a great hotel if you are just looking to spend time in your room to sleep. If you like to hang out, you may want a bigger place although the Cartwright Hotel has some bigger rooms as well. We would definitely return as the location and value are hard to beat.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>greydaze1215
<Content>nicer inside than you would think the cartwright was not as attractive on the outside but the lobby and rooms were just fine once inside...our adjoining rooms were particularly large with an actual hallway with tons of closet space...wireless internet was great and the view of the street was actually quite interesting to watch, and not too noisy...great location by union square, cable cars, etc...would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VR91704
<Content>Great Place       cartwright hotel  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find Having never been so SF before, I didn't know what to expect, where to stay, etc. The staff here was more than helpful. The rooms were small (but who visits SF to sit in the hotel room?), furniture was in good shape and the location of the hotel was excellent. Don't let other reviews fool you into thinking that rooms on the street-side are too loud. I stayed in such a room and had no noise issues. Breakfast was included during my stay.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlunR
<Content>Great Central Location I visited San Francisco recently for a scientific conference at the Grand Hyatt in Union Square. I was booked into the Cartwright because there was no room at the Hyatt.My first impressions were of disappointment as I had expected to be at the other hotel, but perhaps the beauty of this hotel is that it isn't a Hyatt, Holiday Inn or Marriott. The reception staff were unbelievably friendly, respectful and helpful. One gentleman staff member even came out for a drink with a few of us from the conference.Yes the rooms are small but they are comfortable. There is no AC so it may become muggy in summer but there was a room fan.A breakfast buffet is included and is very good indeed for a Brit (I'm not sure if any North American would miss their tumultuous expanse that passes for breakfast in the USA) with boiled eggs, bagels, muffins, toast, cereal, make-your-own waffles etc.Every evening between 5 and 6pm there is free wine in reception with live chamber music on Fridays.The hotel really tries to be a class higher than it is, and it's website over-promotes it. This is a 2 star bordering on 3 at best but it's location is second to none. There is a cable car stop right outside on the corner of the block that will take you to Fishermans Wharf whist the shopping district is right nearby.All in all an enjoyable week staying in a comfortable hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little boutique hotel close to shopping The Good:-- very comfortable beds-- CD player in room-- Free wireless internet!!-- Nice free breakfast (waffles, boiled eggs, fruit, toast, OJ, more)-- Great location for shopping-- good service-- found a great price online from Travelzoo ($75). -- nice lobby  sitting room with a computer-- Aveda bath products providedBad:-- room was small, but expected to be small so not that badOther comments:-- valet parking was average price for San Francisco. Good way to go.-- Room seemed pretty clean.-- For the right price again, I would definitely stay here.-- Walls were thin and we could hear the people next to us, but it wasn't really a problem.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>law6knp
<Content>A perfect beginning A fantastic location providing excellent value for money. For 50 a night in central san francisco this hotel is certainly a find. The continental breakfast is a good start to the day including waffles, breakfast croisants, cereal, toast and huge muffins. The hotel is two minutes from union square and close to both Powell Mason  Hyde and California cable car lines. My only criticism is that the rooms are a little small and you can find yourself falling over your bags.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice find Recent renovation / upgrades are nice (CD/clock radios, new tile in bathroom with few fixtures, new carpet / paint). Rooms are small, but enough space for 2 people. Helpful manager / staff. Walking distance to Chinatown / Union Square. Free wireless internet also a bonus. Price / location combination is very good.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find My daughter and I stayed at The Cartwright during Thanksgiving 2004. I was really pleased. The lady at check-in was very nice and helpful. The hotel appeared clean and has a nice little lobby area with fresh baked cookies. Yes, the rooms are small but they're also clean, decorated nicely and most important, have a comfortable bed and pillows! The complimentary breakfast is great, too. I would definately recommend The Cartwright and would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JCL-34
<Content>Great little hotel in the heart of Union Square We stayed at the Cartwright Hotel from April 9 - 15th. We saw a special posted on Travelzoo for $75/night and after doing a little research, decided to try it out. It was a great. Here are some of the pros and cons:Pros:Location - can't stress what a great location the hotel is in... it's only a block from Union Square - and for added convenience, there's also a Walgreens across the street and a Lori's Diner at the corner.Courteous staff - not only were they professional, but were also quite funny and very personable.Clean rooms - though very small, they were very well decorated and clean.Free breakfast - a nice selection of cereals, bagels, waffles, eggs, etc. It gets crowded around 8:30am so try to get there early since they always seem to run out of tables and chairs.Toilettres - they provide Aveda products whcih was an added bonus.Free internet access - available in all roomsWine hour - served every day from 5-6pm for freeAfternoon cookies - baked fresh every day... it was a nice treat.Cons:Room size - though the room and bathrooms sizes were very small, it did not feel claustrophobicStreet Noise - if you stay on the side facing Powell street, you will hear a substaintial amount of noise coming from the street cars and other vehicles. Parking - If you rent a car, it is very difficult to find parking but there are plenty of public garages in the area.There was one other minor issue that I may point out... the room we stayed in did not have a hair dryer which I found odd. We stayed in a standard queen size bed room for the first 4 nights and then when my fiance was on company time, we upgraded to a suite located on the top 8th floor facing Sutter Street. The suite was 3x the size of the standard room with a huge four poster bed and a separate sitting area. The room felt real comfortable and this room did have a blow dryer.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay there and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funwithsun
<Content>Great location The hotel was right off of Union Square, close to all the shops in San Fran and close to the cable cars and BART. The location was the best selling part. The breakfast was good, you definitely felt full afterwards, and the wine hour was all right, a good break if you are in the area of the hotel, but if you are tromping around the city, it's a pain to go back just for the wine. The rooms were very small, but clean. You can hear people through the doors, but it wasn't bad, after exploring all day you fall asleep quickly! Overall good place to stay, would do it again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bork
<Content>Aloha in San Francisco My wife and I just completed a 4-night stay at The Cartwright and could not have been more pleased. Coming from Hawaii, we understand that the Aloha spirit is not something to take lightly. The folks at The Cartwright surely have it and show it in all that they do.From the moment we checked in to the time we finally had to leave, the staff could not have been more helpful or pleasant. Our room was spotless and quite adequate in size. The bed was so comfortable, you didn't want to leave it. The location, a block from Union Square (very clean, I might add) and a 1\2 block from a Cable Car stop, is excellent. The wine reception every evening is a great way to mix if you so choose or to just get a good start on the rest of the evening's activities. There was even a wonderful string quartet entertaining us on Friday. The morning breakfast buffet was well organized and was very adequate in its selections. Everyone seemed to be relaxed and enjoying themselves.There are some great restaurants within a block, L'Ottavo Ristorante and Scala's Bistro to name two, so you really don't need a car. We took BART to and from the airport with no problem. Just a short 4-block jaunt from the Powell St. station to the hotel. If you need advice on anything, the front desk staff is more that happy to accomodate. The general manager is also hands-on, friendly, and a real asset. We just don't know how you can go wrong with this charming little gem. Having spent a month in Italy last fall, we have a pretty good perspective and The Cartwright comes out smelling like a rose.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicoGary
<Content>Great Hotel for What We Wanted The Cartwright turned out to be just what we wanted......a non-chain, convenient, less expensive, clean hotel with some character. We found it here at the Cartwright. The staff was very friendly, the hotel nicely decorated, the rooms very clean, nice amenities, the continental breakfast buffet above average and the location perfect. We had a deluxe king room....a corner unit that was not huge but had plenty of room. We opened the windows, and yes, did hear the street noise and the cable cars, but this is what SF is and we enjoyed the sounds of the city. If you don't want to hear it, don't book a hotel anywhere near the cable car lines to begin with. We did not have to pay the higher rates of other closeby hotels and thus were pleased and surprised at what the Cartwight had to offer. The only negative we found was parking is around the block.....but we just parked our car when we got there and used Sf transportation until we left. We would definitely go back!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gergirl
<Content>Great little find We stayed (myself and himself) for 3 nights + 1 at the start and end of our vacation - the hotel is in a great location just one block off Union Sq and in the middle of the theatre district.The rooms are tiny, but spotless and decorated to a high standard. The bathrooms are small too and you could have eaten your dinner off the floor - the also have really nice Aveda products. Also included is a coffee maker, 2 bottles of water and wireless broadband. The rate comes inclusive of breakfast, cookies in the afternoon and wine for one hour in the evening as well as 24 hour coffeeThis is a great hotel in the middle of a great city, I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eeeeestar
<Content>Nothing to 'wright' home about... The Cartwright is lauded by many as a great little boutique hotel...and, I admit, it was definitely unique with thoughtful little touches here and there. However, there were a few problems with the Cartwright...Such as the lack of space! The reviews describe the rooms as small...they really aren't just small, they're MICRO! We stayed in a standard room, which was the size of a queen bed with three feet of space around it. There was only one nightstand squeezed into that room, and the refrigerator was housed in a corner of the closet. The bathroom was so tiny that you could sit on the toilet and use the sink at the same time. Also, the furniture was cheap and old! There is a big difference between antiques, which many use to describe the furnishings, and old, which is what they really are. The furniture is small and cheap...not a big problem if you won't be using it, but don't be expecting a room full of beautiful Victorian furniture or anything.The bed was very, very soft, which some may like. I, however, couldn't sleep on that mattress! It offered no back support at all and jiggled with every single movement. It was like sleeping on a block of gelatin. The room has no air conditioning, so if you like to have a very cool room, that might be a problem. Cracking open the window for some fresh, cool air is great if you can endure the noise from the street - and, yes, it is VERY noisy. The cable car and its bells, the screech of braking cars and the sirens of ambulances and police cars are very loud at all hours of the day and night. If you're a light sleeper, that might be a problem for you.Also, this hotel definitely shows its age. You can see the places where a crack in the sink was mended, where bathroom tiles were replaces, etc. Although clean, our rooms were definitely old.Of course, the Cartwright redeems itself with some nice touches. The continental breakfast buffet is above average, with a selection of breads, cereal, oatmeal, Costco muffins and danishes, Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt and waffles. It's not a GREAT breakfast, but it's satisfying. They promptly start cleaning up at 9 a.m. on weekdays, so be sure to be on time. Also, you make your own waffles and microwave your own breakfast sandwiches, so there might be a wait to use the equipment. (Tip: grab a muffin or apple and pack it for a snack later on in the day.)The Aveda bath products were also a nice touch. Toiletries, such as toothbrushes, razors, sewing kits, etc. are available if you forget yours. The afternoon cookies and wine hour are touted as major bonuses, but they're not anything special. The cookies are tiny, quarter-size cookies that are baked in a microwave and left in a dark corner of the library. They go quickly, so get them while they're still there. The wine is actually a cart of Charles Shaw that they wheel out, and you can choose between the merlot or the chardonnay. Don't plan your day around the wine hour, as you can easily buy a $2 bottle of wine and drink it at your own leisure.The location was ideal - the hotel is just steps away from the cable car and Union Square. There are also lots of restaurants and a Walgreen's around for your convenience. Uncle Vito's is a great Italian/pizza place that's not too expensive, while the Tempura House is a decent Japanese restaurant.So, overall, stay at the Cartwright for a nice 1-2 night visit. You'll enjoy the location and perks that they offer. Think twice about staying any longer than that, as the lack of space and comfort might get to you. I enjoyed my stay there while it lasted, but was definitely very happy to leave.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rogerswindon
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Cartwight for three nights during March 2005.The hotel is in a great position being close to all downtown San Francisco has to offer.The rooms are a little small but everything else this hotel offers more than makes up for this.The breakfast was very good with plenty of food on offer.All the staff present in the hotel at the time of our stay were very pleasant and helped out with various questions about the local buses,trams etc.The hotel has a wine evening between 5.00pm and 6.00pm which is a very good time for guests to meet in a relaxed atmosphere and enjoy good conversation.Would recommend this hotel to anyone going to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, Decent Rate We arrived well before check in, our room was ready. The clerk loved her job and it showed. Friendly, chatted with us as she checked us in and before we knew it we had our keys, a map of the city and were on our way to drop our luggage and hit the city. While the rooms are small, they are comfortable. In comparison, they are not much smaller in size than the Westin down the block, but are a fraction of the price. Please note that there is no A/C, but in SF that is generally not an issue. While not an upscale price, the guests were upscale - a mix of business and vacation travelers. A decent breakfast is provided, but is only available until 9:00 SHARP during the week. You snooze, you loose. Good location in Union Square - 4 blocks from BART.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>all that your readers reported I have just returned from 3 nights at the Cartwright, and found it all that readers have reported. Clean,exceptionally pleasant and helpful staff,great location..and the extended buffet breakfast an important plus.It certainly seemed to be one of the best bargains in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFCalifornia
<Content>Perfect hotel in SF After researching SF hotels on tripadviser and other sites that feature user comments, my wife and I stayed at the Cartwright Hotel on Union Square this past weekend. It was terrific.I was thrilled to find out that many of the comments from TripAdvisor users proved true.Having just been on my first trip to Europe last spring, I enjoyed finding a place in SF (only an hour from my East Bay home) that reminded me so much of Paris or London. It's very European in style and recently refurbished.YES! The rooms are small, but nicely decorated in earth tones. I forgot to ask for one of the back rooms, away from the street, but got one anyway. It faced the wall of the building in back, but in European style there were flowers and trellises decorating it outside. We could hear the cable car clanging...but faintly. The room was quiet and relaxing.The baths are, indeed, tiny. I banged a knee more than once. But isn't that part of the European hotel experience?The bed, as described by one poster, is indeed one of the most comfortable I've found in a hotel.WINE HOUR! Yes, it was Saturday night, so no chamber music. But the hotel staff poured chardonnay or merlot to your heart's content in the lobby while we visited with other hotel guests, finding we were sitting next to two couples visiting from New England, my wife's home area. It was very civilized and urban.After wine, we got ready for our main event: a night at the Curran Theater to see Caroline, Or Change, fresh from its Broadway run. The theater is two blocks away. On the way, we stopped by Union Square to see 30 minutes or so of the Chinese New Year's parade, one of the nation's largest. Even in a light rain, which kept the crowds down, it was a terrific experience...and the square is a block away from the Cartwright.For those who complain about panhandling and crime...Union Square has always felt absolutely safe to me. Yes, there are plenty of panhandlers, but they're not persistent and there are always plenty of tourists, theater-goers...and police around, perhaps due to the New Year's parade. Nonetheless, not a big problem. I even took BART and left the car behind, wheeling a suitcase for four blocks from Powell St. station to the Cartwright. Not a big deal. Part of the trek is past the lines of tourists waiting for the cable cars, so you don't feel weird pulling a suitcase. Again, felt much like Europe, only we were in our home area.After the theater, we hit Lori's Diner on the corner, next to the hotel, for a late-night bite to eat. Not fancy, but decent food and inexpensive. Sears Fine Foods, which gets good reviews, was around the corner, but was closed when we went by. They're supposed to have great breakfasts, but the Cartwright serves up a perfectly decent buffet in the morning...and it's free. Waffles, cereal, fruit, breakfast sandwiches in the microwave, a morning paper...and 24-hour coffee and tea. What else do you need?Upon checkout, we told the hotel front desk of our ONE problem: the toilet had clogged. They apologized, mentioned the hotel renovation and asked that we fill out a comment card to make sure that any problems are noted and fixed immediately.Then it was back to BART and a train was waiting as we descended. A perfect weekend in a great city. I can't recommend the Cartwright highly enough as a reasonably priced, attractive, comfortable waystation in the city.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny diamonds are better than fake ones Yeah, The Cartwright has some of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in my life -- we are talking tiny-tiny! But the location, price, free food, free coffee, free wine, free information, free wireless, and a staff that actually enjoys giving you answers is the best bet in SF.With other hotels, you get big lobbies, big restaurants, big prices for coffee, big surcharges for internet access, and big snobs!So it's better to get a real tiny diamond, than a big fake one!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GrantB
<Content>Boutique hotel small in size, big in value My Wife and I stayed at the Cartwright for a 4-night stay while we checked out Macworld 2005 at Moscone. This hotel is worth the price. I would like to give it 3.5 stars, but since I cannot, I settled for a very solid 3.The Positives:1) Price - at $119 a night, it is a pretty good bargain for a hotel in union square. Wireless net access is free.2) Free breakfast - bagels, big muffins, cereal, waffles, coffee, orange juice, fruit, and others. A very good assortment for a free breakfast3) Location - minutes from everything, and a great central location overall. Walk to Moscone = 15 minutes. Walk to BART = 10 minutes. Walk to assorted shops in Union Square = 2-5 minutes. Walk to cable car stop to fisherman's warf = 3 - 5 minutes.4) Staff - This is usually is the shining point of boutique hotels. They may not have all the modern day ammenties of the chain hotels, so they make up for it with helpful, friendly staff.The Negatives:1) Room size - maybe not a negative, but if you don't stay at boutique hotels much, it sometimes takes a night to get used to the *very* small room. Thankfully, my wife and I were out of the room for at least 10- 13 hours each day we stayed.2) Heater - My wife and I like it warm, so we tried the heater one night... we shut it down 10 minutes later. It's a steam-generated heater, and I accidently burned my finger by touching the pipe attached to the knob. We just didn't have a lot of confidence in the unit, so we promptly shut it off.3) TV - few channels, and reception was so-so at best... but again, we didn't stay much in the room.4) Pipe night - this is what I called it, anyway. Every night when we returned, the hallway smelled of cigar smoke. Thankfully, it never drifted into the room.I thought I would also share some tips I have for San Fran visitors:1) Food - I read 2 recommendations for Burger Joint in SFO, but we tried it, and it was simply ok, not great. But if you are a big burger fan, you may get more out of it than we did. Joe's Crab Shack at the Warf is a decent bargain, and have a pretty good menu. Sushi is a plenty in the city, and you'll find a handful in Union Square. Almost all have very similar pricing... pick one, and run with it. The gem of our trip was Lori's Diner. There are about 3 or 4 locations in Union Square alone. Great prices, great food (that comes relatively quick), a rather large menu, and a very cool, retro decor with 50s music coming out the speakers. If you are on a bugdet, consider going here multiple times.2) Transportation - take the historical F line cable car. Just a quick note about it: They only take cash, but not change! That's a first. Also, be aware that you may not get off at your stop if you don't give the driver enough of a warning... the car goes uphill and downhill often and cannot stop quickly. BART is incredibly handy to get to and from the airport, and to and from Emeryville in Oakland (big time shopping there), and is quite the bargain, and very simply to navigate with.3) Tours - My wife and I wanted to take a guided tour this time, so we went with Supersite and did a 3 hour city tour. Overall it was pretty good... not great, but decent. I would recommend taking a guided tour, but try and google for some reviews. Ours seemed to skip some key parts of the city, and the picture stops seemed to get longer and longer.That's about it... hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonyraisins
<Content>Wow-What A Great Place Cartwright Hotel San Francisco. Remodeled in and out. Rooms are pleasant and immaculate. New decor and furniture is tastefully designed and arranged. Queen bed is perfect for one and cozy for two. Room, while not huge is more than adequate. Nice breakfast bar, and evening wine reception. We were treated to a talented young string quartet one night- what a nice way to begin the evening! Near theatres, restaurants and shopping in Union Square, as well as the homeless problem- but worlds away in decor and elegance. This is simply a great find, and sooner or later the secret will get out. If you want a Union Square location, if you want a newly remodeled room, if you want the breakfest and wine perks- then look no further. You'll appreciate the refined lobby and attentive service as soon as you enter.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Washington_DCTruly
<Content>Convenient and cozy! We stayed in this charming hotel in October 2004 and found it to be comfortable, clean, and extremely convenient--not fancy, but quite pleasant. We stayed in the back of the hotel, so the street noise was not a problem. The Aveda products and antique-styled furniture were a lovely touch, and the complimentary breakfast and 24-hour tea/coffee were nice. There's also a great gallery next door to the hotel that's worth a visit.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nedhop
<Content>Fine Hotel, Fine Location The Cartwright is just four blocks from Union Square, with theaters and shopping nearby. Standard rooms (and bathrooms) are tiny but nicely appointed and well maintained. Parking is at a commercial lot a block and a half away; validated by the hotel, it is $25 a night. A decent, self-service breakfast is complimentary.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The small touches make this hotel speacial... The Cartright Hotel has some small little touches that set it apart from all other hotels. They have a happy hour with complimentary wine, freshly baked cookies in the afternoon for free and also free tea and coffee 24 hours... Not to mention the good breakfast they provide complimentary with a very yummy waffle machine which would please any sweet tooth. This hotel is definitely worth staying in!! Although the rooms are small, they are cosy and the beds are comfortable. The room we stayed in had a great walk in robe which is fantastic when you have a lot of luggage. The bathroom is tiny but really you only spend a very small amount of time in there each day. This hotel is a hidden treasure!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TSully_07
<Content>A small gem in San Francisco What a great find! The rooms are small, but very clean and cozy. The toiletries are top of the line. Complimentary bottled water available in your room, along with coffee maker and coffee. Very nice continental breakfast. The lobby is clean and elegant. Great staff, very attentive and knowledgeable of the city and restaurants. Centrally located. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DaculaNene
<Content>Southern Hospitality in San Francisco Sept 15-20,2004 the hotel has been revamped. Rooms are small, but one of the cleanest hotel I've ever been in. The staff is very gracious and the location is great..only don't ty to catch the cable car at the corner,too crowded! walk to the turn around. All other forms of transportaion are convient,too. The Muni pass is worth the cost. The breakfast is wonderful and the small touches, such as coffee,tea and apples 24hrs.. fresh baked cookes in evening, as well as wine is an added plus.  If you want all tv channels, then you might not be too happy..but who goes to San Franciso to watch TV??!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>schnauzerlady
<Content>Stayed there in 1974, 2004; would stay there again in 2034 In 1974, based on an ad in the New Yorker Magazine, I made a reservation at the Cartwright. My room was incredibly small (to compare it to a postage stamp would have been be an insult to the postage stamp) but the staff was very helpful to a lady traveling alone (when ladies did not generally do this type of thing).So, when I was recently in SF for a conference, and not terribly impressed by my convention hotel, I took a short walk to the Cartwright. The standard rooms are still postage stamp (although the superior, end rooms appear to be far larger) size; but there is now a nice continental breakfast and manager's wine reception; the 24-hour availability of apples and coffee/tea was nice.The service is hit or miss. I had absolutely perfect service from serveral of the old timers; several of the newer staff did not seem to know where they worked. I was delighted to have found the Cartwright in 1974; I was even more delighted to have rediscovered it in 2004. As I left, I found that the staff, and I, were hoping we will have a reunion before 2034.Caveat: The rooms in the Cartwright have only fans and are not airconditioned.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Can't Beat the Amenities and Location for the Price! My husband and I have stayed at the Carwtright twice. The first time was July of 2002, and most recently was the last week of August 2004. The first time we stayed we were very happy with the hotel. This last time was even better. For a great price we got a great room, excellent location, nice breakfast every morning, and parking included in our hotel fee---and given San Francisco's steep parking prices, when the parking fee was factored into the hotel room cost we feel we made out like bandits. We had considered staying elsewhere this most recent trip to San Francisco, but the price and amenities the Cartwright offers were above and beyond any other deal we could get. The Aveda bath products are a nice touch, and the staff is very helpful. We had a room facing out onto Sutter street and it was very quiet with the windows closed. We preferred the windows open when we were in the room in the evening and morning (though not while sleeping), and even then it was not very loud. We especially liked that the room had a ceiling fan. The renovations are very nice---the elevator is now much fatser than it was before. And, the evening wine hour and fresh-baked cookies are a nice treat at the end of a long day of walking around the city. The only downside we had was the first room we were in. Though we had requested a non-smoking room---and that is what we got---it seems the manager of the property was living in the room next to us, and there was a door that connected the rooms but was locked, and unfortunately he smoked. So, when he lit up the smell would drift into our room through the wall/seams of connecting door. Sadly, he would do so at all times of the day and night, which caused us to wake up in the early morning a couple of days to the smell of smoke drifting through the wall, or to come back to a stuffy room with the latent smell of smoke. After two days we requested another room and were moved immediately to the exact same room two floors up. If it had not been for this we would have given the Cartwright the full five stars it deserves.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy hotel, great location My daughter and Itraveled to San Francisco without renting a car. This was a wonderful location. We were steps away from the cable car and a few blocks from China Town and street cars trains and buses to get us anywhere else in the city. We felt safe coming and going any time of the day. The room was small but very quaint and comfy. We had NO PROBLEMS with noise, even with the windows open at night. One of the best hotel showers I have used in a while. There was still some remodeling going on but it did not affect our stay since it seemed to be on only one floor. The elevator WAS working. The breakfast was really nice, even waffles and sausage egg sandwiches and there was fresh coffee all day even a coffee maker in the room. The Aveda bath products were a treat. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They really made us feel welcome. We would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends. AND, In response to a previous reviewer, I don't work for the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColoradoCoach
<Content>Can You Keep a Secret? Can you keep a secret? If you like a Union Square location, just off Powell St. don't tell your friends about a nice, not plush hotel. Why drive the rates up for the rest of us? Newly remodled rooms, comfy beds. What else do you want, it is San Francisco get outside. Come back at 5 pm for a free wine hour. Hungry, the breakfast in the morning has really been improved, fresh waffles,muffins. No need for a car, just take BART from the airport and get off at the Powell St. station.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute little hotel... We stayed here for four nights. IT was a very cute, historic hotel. The rooms were small but it was perfect for the two of us. We were hardley in them. The elevators a little slow, but it gave us an excuse to use the spiral staircase. Great location. Very close to the trolly line, China town and all the great shops. Would definatly stay here again. Great price and very courteous staff.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great little hotel I thought the Cartwright Hotel was a great little find to stay in and explore San Francisco. We stayed there 5 nights and although the room was quite small we found we didn't stay that much in the room anyway. The staff where wonderful and friendly especially the receptionist called Lillian. She even helped us plan a few sight seeing trips. The hotel is under renovation at the moment but the only way you notice this really is the lack of an elavator. I suppose we where lucky with that as we where on the second floor and it might be annoying having to climb 8 flights of stairs every time you want to go to your room. The public areas in the hotel are good also. A great library, internet access and meeting room all on the ground floor. Free wine at 5 every night makes a nice meeting point also. Would stay there again and recommend. If you are going to San Francisco for the first time I would also reccomend a MUNI pass valid on trolleys, busses and underground, really gets you around the city. Also for the best Italian in town you must try MONA LISA'S mmmmmmmmm  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mislead by their website Having perused the internet pictures, we thought the Cartwright looked like a charming rustic hotel in a nice location. Unfortunately, the pictures did not convey that the hotel was under construction, the rooms were tiny, the bathroom barely left you room to stand, the walls were sadly in need of new paint in the rooms and the hallways, and worst of all, the elevator was not operational [and apparently had been that way for months and will not be repaired for several more months]. After climbing the treacherous stairs five flights with our suitcases, we didn't need to go the gym. However, just so you know, the claim that you can get a discount at the gym one block away is false. The gym charges the same amount per day as the hotel's discounted rate. Walking down the hallway reminded me more of a ghetto than a fine hotel. Good luck if you plan to stay there, I'll bet the good reviews are made up by the hotel management.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool  I knew I was in San Francisco when I arrived to a cool, damp room during my stay 4 years ago. Charming antique type decor with mismatched furniture but I could never get completely comfortable especially when I couldn't find any temperature controls or a way to sompletely close the bathroom window vents to the outside. Spooky hallways with sometimes exposed ceiling pipes. Nice continental breakfast offerings. Great location as long as you don't look towards the Tenderloin area. I had a great deal booking through Expedia but I could have done better.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff, so-so rooms I stayed there for the second time, last week. I always love the staff, and the free breakfast  wine reception do help a lot! It is a good bargain and a good location. However, their rooms are super small and it can get unbearably warm when they have the radiator on. I did not experience any noise from outside, but I was really disturbed by the doors slamming all night, my neighbors talking, and other in-house noises. Unfortunately, I'm going to look for another hotel next time....which is too bad because I really love the staff!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We've stayed here three times and LOVE this little hotel! I've stayed at the Cartwright three times and each time I've come away very satisfied. Each time my daughter shared the room with me and we just love sitting in the library at night, reading or playing checkers at the game table. Or watching tv. We visited with the front desk staff and our favorite is a wonderful woman named Lillian. We were especially pleased that we could bring our little dog last time at no extra charge! They made her feel right at home. She sat in the library with us in the evening. We love San Francisco and what a treat to come back to OUR little hotel---The Cartwright! I miss having the manager, Frank Okun there, though. He now works at another Kimpton Group property. We'll be back to the Cartwright--that you can be sure of! By the way, we book it more for the public areas than the actual guest room!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RolexNY
<Content>You can buy a dime with a nickel! We just got back for a Valentine's Day get away. Yes, the room was small but it was clean, quiet, and cheap. We booked the hotel through American Airlines for $72(taxes included) per night which included the continental breakfast, complimentary coffee and herbal teas available 24 hours a day, and the wine hour hence my review title, you can't buy a dime with a nickel. If you want a bigger luxurious space then spend 3 or 4 times the amount but then again you might expect a 10,000 sq ft Penthouse suite with private butler and lime driver so be realistic! My only complaint is not of the hotel but some of the people staying at the hotel, please don't be inconsiderate and let your door slam shut at all hours of the night. Remember because you are up it doesn't mean all hotel guests are up too.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Closet sized rooms...good location We stayed here in Sept 2003. The photos are not entirely correct. I thought by viewing the pictures we would be getting a nice comfy victorian room. However, we were given a room the size of my closet, with a horrible view of the next door building's roof top. It was noisy and we couldn't get our room door open. The bathroom was ity bity too. It's an okay place to stay for one night, but if you are planning on making this your vacation hotel for more than that, you might want to look elsewhere. On the plus side, there is a trolly line one block away and it's literally 3 blocks from all the shops in Union Square. Just beware of the small, closet rooms! Oh, and parking is $30 and it's on the next block over. Better unload your stuff before hand, or you will be holding on to your roller suitcase for dear life on the hills!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a lovely Hotel We stayed at the Cartwright for 4 days over the New Year Period, after reading these reviews I was not sure what to expect. The hotel is small but I found it to be extremely clean and confortable, our room (808) was smaller than other hotels I've stayed in but hey, it's only to sleep in, San Francisco is such a great City you are out most of the day anyway.The breakfast is limited but this is the first Hotel where it has been complimentary and it is an adequate choice (there is a diner on the corner if you want more).The staff are very friendly, the concierge, Richard, went out of his way to help us when our tour bus did not arrive.Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend this Hotel to anyone, I would certainly stay there again.If anyone has any questions please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelguru4u
<Content>Old and Small The rooms are SMALL and outdated. Great location. The lobby was nice-comp. wine was rewarding and needed if you stay here.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, ok but a few issues .... I stayed at the Cartwright earlier this month for 3 nights (Nov03).The postives: 1) Great location - right at the corner of Powell street, 1 min to Union Square,  5 mins walk to the BART station on Powell which is also where the cable car begins. 2) Good rate - got a good airline rate which included breakfast though the breakfast was very simple (see below)The issues: (they are minor) 1) The room (205) was on the small side but it was clean. I didn't spend mush time in the room only (apart from sleeping) so the size didn't really bother me. Noise was not an issue. 2) Breakfast was very, very simple. Bread, muffins was laid out on a table with toasters if you wanted toast and you just help yourself. Not very professional, I felt it was a bit youth hostel like.A general gripe: I couldn't find a decent cup of tea for the whole time I was in the US (10 days). What I managed to get was horrible.Overall, the hotel for the price (relative to other hotels in SFO) was acceptable. I didn't spend much time in the hotel apart so didn't really need to top class place.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing - I agree with absolutely horrible below; we must have had the same room. I might have given this place one more star had it not misrepresented itself as a luxury boutique property. The lobby is nice, but the rest is like Ralph and Alice's place in THE HONEYMOONERS. Exposed pipes, too many coats of paint, cracks and peeling paint on the walls and ceilings; trash on the fire escape outside our window (which I removed). The bathroom is tiny, and decrepit. Worst of all, we had a confirmed reservation for a king bed deluxe room; we were given the tiniest room with 2 single beds. So much for the romantic weekend. We asked to be moved the next day, and were offered a smelly smoking room with a king bed. After raising our voices, they happened to find a nonsmoking king-bedded room. Why the hassle and lies? There have got to be better choices than this place. It needs a major overhaul.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another vote for a room on the street side   showReview(1257035, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with Wonderful Staff   showReview(1228642, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cartwright was Great   showReview(1148365, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charmed by the Cartwright   showReview(1142803, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely horrible   showReview(1109456, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Cartwright is Okay but...   showReview(1109208, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Happy_Homebody
<Content>Good value for SF   showReview(1030854, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Alcrataz on Sutter   showReview(1028715, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value in an expensive city   showReview(923752, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cartwright Hotel one to remember   showReview(921735, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute lage   showReview(20549344, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gabry77
<Content>Comodo e accogliente   showReview(19850871, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rapport qualit/prix un peu dcevant   showReview(19632084, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr einen Stdtetrip ideal   showReview(18523397, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zentral - sehr okay   showReview(17437165, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(17437164, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel mit dem gewissen Etwas   showReview(15561890, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chrisevana
<Content>horrible   showReview(10603157, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal fr Sightseeing   showReview(11306744, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19165082, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit prix   showReview(11306745, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, accoglienza ottima, buon prezzo   showReview(11660152, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel non rumoroso   showReview(11306746, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac, propre mais chambre un peu petite   showReview(11495238, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gemtlichkeit in der Grostadt   showReview(11355190, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>htel plein centre San Francisco   showReview(11335481, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19920689, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

